
                              501 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           December 3, 2009 Thursday

Texture brings pop to White's exhibited art

BYLINE: Tamara Browning Staff Writer

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; ARTS IN THE COMMNUITY; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 403 words


The oil-on-canvas painting "Nature's Sway" displayed at Lincoln Land Community
College represents artist JULIE WHITE's explanation that most of her paintings
exhibited there "rely on marks and surface texture to unify the formal
structure."

"Nature's Sway" hints at sweeping motions in nature -- the green/yellow
squiggles, which could represent water flowing, for example.



"I often used prints that I did 10 years ago during graduate school as a
starting reference," White writes in an artist's statement. "I work with
pictorial elements until there is a resolution or emotional balance in the
composition. Areas are reworked, painted over and scraped away.

"Individual marks form hatching patterns, which may flatten into a shape, and
figure/ground relationships give way to a two-dimensional unity."

White's artwork will be displayed through Dec. 17 in the James S. Murray Gallery
at LLCC. The gallery is open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. weekdays.

Displayed art includes "Phase," an oil-on-canvas painting presented in a sort of
colorful "grid" formation that includes squares, circles and swirls and the
charcoal on paper artwork "Rose."

A resident of Westmont, White has a Master of Fine Arts degree with an emphasis
in studio art-printmaking from Northern Illinois University, and a bachelor's
degree in art education from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

White was an art teacher in Fairmont School District 89 during the 2002-03
school year.

"When I work on art, I feel inspired to make a personal vision a reality for
others to consider," White writes.

Bulletin board

* The "CAROLING THE LINCOLNS" Christmas holiday greeting card created by local
artist GEORGE KING will be retired after this season.

A special card signing will be held from 6 to 7:30 p.m. today at Tinsley Dry
Goods, 209 S. Sixth St.

The card's retirement will make way for creation of new Lincoln-specific holiday
cards, including a new Christmas-holiday card for 2010, King said.

"Caroling the Lincolns" cards are for sale at locations including Tinsley Dry
Goods, the Lincoln Home National Historical Site, the Illinois State Museum shop
and the Holiday Hall Exhibition and Sale at the Springfield Art Association, 700
N. Fourth St.

Single cards and packs of six will be available as long as supplies last.

Tamara Browning is a columnist and feature writer for The State
Journal-Register. She can be reached at 788-1534 or tamara.browning@sj-r.com


LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 15, 2009 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Paperback Row

BYLINE: By ELSA DIXLER

SECTION: Section BR; Column 0; Book Review Desk; BROWSING BOOKS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 860 words


AMERICAN WIFE, by Curtis Sittenfeld.  (Random House, $15.)  Sittenfeld's heroine
-- a Wisconsin-born former librarian married to the prodigal son of a wealthy
political family who unexpectedly becomes president -- bears a close resemblance
to Laura Bush, whom, Sittenfeld has said, she sincerely admires. Alice
Blackwell's life tracks Bush's in a number of ways, as Sittenfeld imagines what
lies behind her determinedly placid exterior. (Her portrait of Alice's
boisterous, self-satisfied husband is more cartoonish.) But Sittenfeld's
protagonist, at the height of the Iraq war, recognizes that she has betrayed her
youthful ideals: ''I lead a life in opposition to itself.''

THE GOOD RAT: A True Story, by Jimmy Breslin.  (Ecco/Harper Perennial, $14.99.)
This deft reminiscence about Breslin's encounters with the mob centers on the
story of two Brooklyn cops who were fingered as mob assassins several years ago.
Breslin ''has made a cottage industry out of keeping alive the grit, vitality
and maverick spirit of New York's phone-booth-and-fedora days,'' Alan Feuer
wrote in The Times. ''None of the wiseguys got uptight'' about Breslin, a
onetime Gambino associate told Feuer. ''We always thought he was one of us,
O.K.?''

SWAY, by Zachary Lazar.  (Back Bay/Little, Brown, $13.99.)  Three stories
eventually intersect in this intricate novel -- of the Rolling Stones, from
their early days through Altamont; of the repressed upbringing of the director
Kenneth Anger, who made ''Scorpio Rising''; and of Bobby Beausoleil, a sometime
dealer and aspiring musician on the Manson family's fringes. ''Lazar has taken a
decade spoken of as being about movements and groups and tribes, and given sway
to the isolate and the solitary,'' our reviewer, Charles Taylor, said.

WHAT THE GOSPELS MEANT, by Garry Wills.  (Penguin, $15.)  This readable and
engaging look at Mark, Matthew, Luke and John is part of a series by Wills that
provides an overview of Christianity's roots. It is informed by the best
biblical scholarship as well as by Wills's own faith.

THE LEARNERS: The Book After ''The Cheese Monkeys,'' by Chip Kidd.  (Harper
Perennial, $13.99.)  A book-cover designer turned novelist, Kidd deploys graphic
design to reveal emotions in this witty novel. Happy, his art-student
protagonist from ''The Cheese Monkeys'' (2001), takes a job at a small New Haven
ad agency and learns the mechanics of his trade and what he wants from life.
''The book's charms are, literally and figuratively, in the details,'' James
Poniewozik wrote in the Book Review. Happy ''lays out examples on the page of
all the ways one can typeset the words 'Forgive me,' but concludes that
typography 'has its limits like everything else.' ''

DREAMS AND SHADOWS: The Future of the Middle East, by Robin Wright.  (Penguin,
$17.)  Wright, a correspondent with three decades of experience in the Middle
East, describes movements in countries from Morocco to Iran to reform or replace
existing regimes. Unfortunately, the brave reformers she writes about have had
very little influence.

SHARP TEETH, by Toby Barlow.  (Harper Perennial, $14.99.)  In this stylish,
tightly constructed first novel, set in a noir Los Angeles, packs of
lycanthropes (they shape-shift from humans into dogs, even without a full moon)
fight to control drugs, money and power. And, oh, it's told in free verse.

RETRIBUTION: The Battle for Japan, 1944-45, by Max Hastings.  (Vintage, $17.95.)
''War is inherently inhumane,'' Hastings, a military historian, writes, ''but
the Japanese practiced extraordinary refinements of inhumanity.''
Japanese-institutionalized brutality, he argues in this sweeping book, evoked
American ruthlessness in response.

THE OPEN ROAD: The Global Journey of the Fourteenth Dalai Lama, by Pico Iyer.
(Vintage Departures, $14.95.)  Tenzin Gyatso, the 14th Dalai Lama, is a head of
state, a doctor of metaphysics, a godhead to the Tibetan people and the
recipient of a Nobel Peace Prize. (He is also an old friend of Iyer's father.)
Here Iyer offers ''a trenchant, impassioned look at a singular life,'' our
reviewer, Holly Morris, said.

A GRAVE IN GAZA, by Matt Beynon Rees.  (Mariner/Houghton Mifflin Harcourt,
$13.95.)  Omar Yussef, an aging Palestinian schoolteacher, is the hero of a
series of mysteries by Rees, a former Jerusalem bureau chief for Time magazine.
In this one, he encounters corruption and violence when he attempts to free a
teacher from one of the United Nations schools who's been jailed on spying
charges. ''Setting a mystery in the epicenter of a war zone challenges the genre
conventions,'' Marilyn Stasio wrote in the Book Review about the series's first
book, ''The Collaborator of Bethlehem,'' but ''it clarifies the role of the
detective as the voice of reason.'' Another war is at the center of THE ONE FROM
THE OTHER, by Philip Kerr.  (Penguin, $15.)  Bernie Gunther, the private-eye
hero of Kerr's Berlin Noir Trilogy, is forced to take stock of his wartime
membership in the SS in this complicated novel set in 1949. ''The political
intrigue gets so thick you expect to see Orson Welles slouched in a rain-slicked
doorway,'' Stasio said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS DRAWING

DOCUMENT-TYPE: List

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              503 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                           December 20, 2008 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

Elder Kiffin sways Jeffery to the Vols;
THE CHOICE: Booker High defensive tackle was considering USF

BYLINE: By ALAN DELL CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 387 words

DATELINE: SARASOTA


All Arthur Jeffery needed to hear was the name Monte Kiffin. It was enough to
sway the Booker High defensive tackle to Tennessee.

The 6-foot-4, 285- pound Jeffery called the University of Tennessee on Thursday
and told the football coaches he was going to become a Volunteer.

New Vols head coach Lane Kiffin was not there when the call came in, but he can
thank his dad, Monte, who is leaving the Tampa Bucs after this season to become
the defensive coordinator for his son.

Weighing his final choice between Tennessee and the University of South Florida,
it was a done deal when it became official that the elder Kiffin was on his way
to Knoxville.

"It was between USF and Tennessee, but when I heard that Kiffin was going to run
the defense it flipped them ahead," Jeffery said.

His verbal commitment is non-binding and high school players cannot sign a
letter of intent until Feb. 4, but Jeffery said he won't change his mind.
Getting a chance to play for a man, who is considered one of the best defensive
minds in the NFL is something you just don't pass up, he said.

"It's solid as a rock. When I make a decision I usually stick with it and in
this case there is no way I am changing my mind," Jeffery said.

The 18-year-old is actually a Dallas Cowboys fan, but his mother, Martha Weeks,
is a Bucs fan.

"Coach Kiffin was the key for me," Jeffery said. "There is something he brings
to the table that makes his players play better and I want to find out what it
is."

Jeffery tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his knee last September and had
surgery on Oct. 24. He expects to be fully recovered by the spring and said USF
and Tennessee were the only schools that stuck by him through his injury. Others
were starting to get back in touch with him when word got out that his rehab was
going well.

"It meant a lot to me that those schools stayed with me," Jeffery said.

"Coach (Lane) Kiffin called me back Thursday night and sounded more excited than
me. There is an opportunity at Tennessee that you don't often find. You get to
play for a great coach and it's a new beginning with a new staff. We are all
starting from scratch."

Jeffery was the Herald-Tribune All-Area Defensive Player of the Year in 2007. He
led Booker in sacks (11), blocked three field goals and two PATs, had five
forced fumbles and 27 tackles for losses.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 Jeffery

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                             August 14, 2016 Sunday
                                   1 Edition

Diocese needs state probe

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 687 words


"When Ms. Kane's office recently investigated the Altoona-Johnstown diocese, it
found an unholy horror show. A grand jury report on that probe said that
hundreds of kids were abused by clergy over some 40 years. At least 50 priests
and religious leaders were involved. Church leaders participated in cover-ups.
The report said the church held sway over local officials and police, preventing
or hampering investigations."

Pennsylvania Attorney General Kathleen Kane was on trial last week, defending
herself against charges she says were trumped up by the old boys' network in our
state's judicial system. So she might have been too distracted to read the York
Daily Record story about priests accused of sexual abuse in the Catholic Diocese
of Harrisburg, which includes Franklin County.

But someone in her office must look into questions the report raises about how
forthcoming and proactive the diocese has been with priest abuse cases in our
region. Someone with subpoena power.

Reporter Brandie Kessler identified 15 priests with ties to the Harrisburg
diocese who'd been accused of sexually abusing children - including a priest who
served in Greencastle.

In response to the reporting, the diocese grudgingly acknowledged those cases,
even issuing a statement to parishioners warning them that the news story would
include previously reported abuse cases but also some that "had a lower
profile."

A lower profile.

In other words, cases that had been essentially buried in the church's massive
bureaucracy - publicly unacknowledged, unaccounted for, possibly unatoned for.

Handling such cases in a low-profile manner, shuffling abusers around to other
dioceses, is at the very heart of the priest abuse scandals in Boston,
Philadelphia and Altoona-Johnstown. This is what high-ranking church officials
have been charged and convicted of doing.

Prosecutors and grand juries are the only ones with legal power to compel
cooperation by the diocese.

When Ms. Kane's office recently investigated the Altoona-Johnstown diocese, it
found an unholy horror show. A grand jury report on that probe said that
hundreds of kids were abused by clergy over some 40 years. At least 50 priests
and religious leaders were involved. Church leaders participated in cover-ups.
The report said the church held sway over local officials and police, preventing
or hampering investigations.

Is that what has occurred in our area diocese? It's impossible to say from the
outside. But it's unsettling that the number of cases doesn't seem to add up.

In 2007, the diocese said in a PennLive report that it had received allegations
against 24 priests since 1950, but it did not name them. YDR asked for a full
list of accused priests since 1950, but the diocese did not respond. YDR found
15 who'd been accused. Who are the others? Have more cases been uncovered since
that 2007 report?

Church officials have said they want to be transparent and have encouraged
victims to come forward - no matter how long ago the abuse occurred. In fact,
last week the diocese shared links to The Daily Record's story on social media
and urged victims to come forward.

So why not now release a full list of priests who have served in this diocese
and who were accused of sexual abuse here or elsewhere?

A public list is what brought Susan Blum of New Freedom forward. She saw the
name of the priest she said abused her on a published list and realized she was
not alone; others had suffered at his hands.

She and many other victims like her at the very least deserve a full accounting
of abuse in the church.

The path to such an accounting in the Harrisburg diocese should be through an
investigation by the state Attorney General's Office.

-York Daily Record

"When Ms. Kane's office recently investigated the Altoona-Johnstown diocese, it
found an unholy horror show. A grand jury report on that probe said that
hundreds of kids were abused by clergy over some 40 years. At least 50 priests
and religious leaders were involved. Church leaders participated in cover-ups.
The report said the church held sway over local officials and police, preventing
or hampering investigations."

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: cpo


                         Copyright 2016 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                           December 20, 2008 Saturday

Elder Kiffin sways Jeffery to the Vols

BYLINE: ALAN DELL CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 389 words

DATELINE: SARASOTA


SARASOTA -- All Arthur Jeffery needed to hear was the name Monte Kiffin. It was
enough to sway the Booker High defensive tackle to Tennessee.

The 6-foot-4, 285- pound Jeffery called the University of Tennessee on Thursday
and told the football coaches he was going to become a Volunteer.

New Vols head coach Lane Kiffin was not there when the call came in, but he can
thank his dad, Monte, who is leaving the Tampa Bucs after this season to become
the defensive coordinator for his son.

Weighing his final choice between Tennessee and the University of South Florida,
it was a done deal when it became official that the elder Kiffin was on his way
to Knoxville.

"It was between USF and Tennessee, but when I heard that Kiffin was going to run
the defense it flipped them ahead," Jeffery said.

His verbal commitment is non-binding and high school players cannot sign a
letter of intent until Feb. 4, but Jeffery said he won't change his mind.
Getting a chance to play for a man, who is considered one of the best defensive
minds in the NFL is something you just don't pass up, he said.

"It's solid as a rock. When I make a decision I usually stick with it and in
this case there is no way I am changing my mind," Jeffery said.

The 18-year-old is actually a Dallas Cowboys fan, but his mother, Martha Weeks,
is a Bucs fan.

"Coach Kiffin was the key for me," Jeffery said. "There is something he brings
to the table that makes his players play better and I want to find out what it
is."

Jeffery tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his knee last September and had
surgery on Oct. 24. He expects to be fully recovered by the spring and said USF
and Tennessee were the only schools that stuck by him through his injury. Others
were starting to get back in touch with him when word got out that his rehab was
going well.

"It meant a lot to me that those schools stayed with me," Jeffery said.

"Coach (Lane) Kiffin called me back Thursday night and sounded more excited than
me. There is an opportunity at Tennessee that you don't often find. You get to
play for a great coach and it's a new beginning with a new staff. We are all
starting from scratch."

Jeffery was the Herald-Tribune All-Area Defensive Player of the Year in 2007. He
led Booker in sacks (11), blocked three field goals and two PATs, had five
forced fumbles and 27 tackles for losses.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            August 30, 2008 Saturday

Lai See

BYLINE: with Neil Gough

SECTION: BUSINESS; Lai See; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 650 words


Red faces as Jobs' obituary dead wrong

When it comes to breaking stories, financial newswires compete down to the
fractions of a second. So a hush must have fallen over the Reuters newsroom in
Silicon Valley on Wednesday after Bloomberg appeared to have scooped all other
media with news of the death of Apple's charismatic chief Steve Jobs.

It was no doubt news to Mr Jobs, too.

It turns out Bloomberg accidentally published an incomplete obituary on Mr Jobs.

The practice of preparing obituaries of notable people in advance is common in
the media world. Many outlets, including this newspaper, do so in order to be
able to get the news out as soon as possible.

Bloomberg's 17-page obituary for Mr Jobs was apparently published inadvertently
during a routine update, according to media gossip website gawker.com.

The "obit" included a list of Mr Jobs' friends and peers, along with their phone
numbers, who could be contacted for their reaction to the news of his death.

In typical newswire fashion, Bloomberg issued a correction in a blink:

Story Referencing Apple Was Sent in Error by Bloomberg News

Aug. 27 (Bloomberg) - An incomplete story referencing AppleInc. was
inadvertently published by Bloomberg News at 4:27 p.m. New York time today. The
item was never meant for publication and has been retracted.

Oops!

High-rise to sway opinion

It has taken 14 years but China's tallest building, the 492-metre  Shanghai
World Financial Centre, finally opens to the public today.

The US$1.4 billion bottle opener-shaped skyscraper, owned by Japanese developer
Minoru Mori, has some interesting features.

As home to world's highest hotel, a Park Hyatt on floors 79 to 93, the
architects had to come up with a way to deal with the effects the building
swaying up to one metre in high winds would have on sleeping guests.

To counter the sensation, they put two 150-tonne computer-controlled
counterweights on the 90th floor. Also, there are springs below the hotel's pool
so that water doesn't spill over the edges when the building sways.

We wonder if they've got a similar setup in the bar.

Small is beautiful

Macau nabbed bragging rights to the "world's largest casino resort" a year ago
with the opening of the US$2.5 billion, 3,000-room Venetian. But now developers
in the casino boomtown are gearing up for a different kind of competition:
building the ultimate luxury boutique hotel.

Most visitors to the territory agree that since its opening in 2006, the Wynn
Macau has ranked at the top of the luxury segment. But Venetian developer Las
Vegas Sands Corp threw down the gauntlet this week with the opening of its
US$1.1 billion, 360-room Four Seasons hotel and casino.

In terms of small and spectacular status, Las Vegas Sands president and chief
operating officer William Weidner said in an interview that since the Wynn was
in the process of expanding to 1,000 rooms from its current 600, it wouldn't
really qualify as boutique property.

Rival operator Melco Crown Entertainment's 216-room Crown Macau is another
strong contender and bills itself as a six-star property (albeit in a three-star
location, as Macau residents have been known to joke). And despite having 600
rooms, the MGM Grand is sort of boutique when compared with  the 6,000-room
complexes going up on Cotai.

In the boutique pipeline, Galaxy Entertainment plans to launch a 254-room Banyan
Tree hotel at its Cotai property. Likewise, Macao Studio City plans to include a
118-room luxury hotel created by David Tang, although the project is struggling
to secure financing.

But Lai See reckons none of the above can touch Macau's boutique-est luxury
hotel - Stanley Ho Hung-sun's Pousada de Sao Tiago (below).

Built into a 17th-century Portuguese fort and with just 12 rooms, the Sao Tiago
is in a different category altogether when it comes to competing against Macau's
newest and swankiest hotel properties: it has no casino.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Steve Jobs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             October 1, 2006 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Miniature Sketches Offer a Bird's-Eye View of the Big Top

BYLINE: By BENJAMIN GENOCCHIO

SECTION: Section 14CN; Column 1; Connecticut Weekly Desk; ART REVIEW; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 588 words


The Real Room, a corridorlike space near the entrance to Real Art Ways, is
usually devoted to young and emerging artists. But this month it plays host to
the drawings of Ken Morgan, a Connecticut resident whose tightly focused,
energetic drawings pick up on wider art world trends. On view are four dozen
miniature pen and ink sketches on ledger paper. They are minimal, but instantly
captivating, the little doodlelike designs seemingly bursting out of the page.
And they do, in a way, for Mr. Morgan sometimes combines multiple sheets of
paper, tearing open the top layers to give his drawings depth and texture.

A viewer's first impression is of abstract designs, since the sketches don't
look like anything familiar. But more patient viewing reveals glimpses of
another world -- broken, fragmentary scenes from the artist's unusual childhood.

Mr. Morgan was born into a family of circus acrobats, and until entering
college, he traveled the United States and Canada performing acrobatics with his
father and three brothers. He began performing at the age of 9 months, ''when he
was strapped into a bucket atop a pole balanced on his father's forehead,''
according to an exhibition wall label. This was evidently useful training for
his later years as a ''sway pole'' acrobat, which involves swinging, balancing
and even hanging upside down on the top of a 60- to 120-foot-high swaying steel
pole.

Mr. Morgan has mellowed somewhat since his daredevilish days. Now in his
mid-50's, his delicate pictorial stories of circus life are composed of little
more than a few simple lines combined with an occasional rip or tear in the
upper layer of paper, revealing a drawing underneath. I love this layered
quality, of looking through the surface to what is below. It gives you the
impression of looking into another world, which in many ways we are.

Some of the sketches seem to show acrobatic implements -- for instance, drawing
No. 163 would appear to depict a sway pole. But most are not literal
representations of things or events. Instead, they try to evoke something of the
energy and dynamism of Mr. Morgan's early acrobatic years, with the artist
allowing his drawing hand to move freely and intuitively over the page.

Intentionally or not, Mr. Morgan's drawings reflect a wider art world trend --
an enthusiasm for doodlelike drawings. This kind of work is everywhere these
days, from New York art galleries to museum shows. Its popularity partly
reflects a nostalgia for the handmade in an increasingly technological society
and a desire for artworks that are personal, playful and fun. Collectors and
curators appear to have wearied of moralistic artwork on world issues.
Doodlelike drawing offers a kind of escapism -- stubbornly childlike, often
fantasy-oriented, with the artists creating an imaginary world peopled with
odd-looking beings. Then there are the more intuitive and psychedelic works, in
which the artists make kaleidoscopic arrangements of random imagery, an approach
similar to Mr. Morgan's.

How Mr. Morgan will evolve his doodle drawings is unclear. The simplified form
and miniature scale perfectly match the humble subject matter, so altering the
size or definition of the imagery is probably not an option. But for now he has
found a lovely and wondrous way to evoke an almost universal childhood fantasy:
running away with the circus.

''Ken Morgan: Multiple Page Drawings'' is at Real Art Ways, 56 Arbor Street,
Hartford, through Oct. 16. Information: (860) 232-1006 or www.realartways.org.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: ACROBATS -- ''Al Morgan and His Toy Boys'' in 1959, with Ken
Morgan, right.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              508 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Courier (Connelsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 4, 2008 Thursday

Fay-West split on pick of Palin as McCain's No. 2

BYLINE: Mark Hofmann, The Daily Courier, Connellsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 453 words


Sep. 4--Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin took the spotlight Wednesday night during the
Republican National Convention.

Palin, Sen. John McCain's running mate, is making history. Palin, 44, is the
first woman to be selected as a Republican vice presidential candidate.

The country last night had the chance to get to know a little more about the
one-term governor.

But how do local residents feel about McCain's vice presidential nominee?

Some are optimistic that she may sway Hillary Clinton voters to the Republican
side; others say that won't happen.

"It was a shrewd move on his part," said Kimberly Fox of Scottdale. "But we're
not voting for her; we're voting for him (McCain)."

Jackie Rabenstein of Scottdale said Palin or any woman would be a better fit for
the office than the already established boy's club.

"I think for the people on the fence, he (McCain) made a wise choice,"
Rabenstein said.

Rabenstein is also not concerned that Palin has only served as governor for
about two years. She also doesn't feel that the fact that Palin's 17-year-old
daughter is pregnant should have any effect on the election.

Mary Kaufman of Scottdale said McCain's choice was to find someone new in the
Republican party who's not tied to President George W. Bush. She doesn't believe
Hillary Clinton voters will support the McCain/Palin ticket just because there
is a woman on it.

"I think Hillary voters are more intelligent than that," Kaufman said.

Amanda Perkey of Tarrs said Palin may sway Clinton supporters because of the
historical aspect.

"I think the nation is excited with having a female leader," Perkey said. "I
guess it would help him (McCain)."

Kelly Williams of Charleroi doesn't believe voters will switch their votes
because of the candidate's gender, but she believes Palin was a good choice for
McCain's running mate.

"He obviously chose her for good reasons -- for her beliefs and values,"
Williams said.

Bridget McCuahe of Connellsville says Palin could sway Clinton supporters. She
said supporters will remember the claims Clinton made against her opponent
Barack Obama during the primaries.

"I think they will go with McCain," McCuahe said.

"Actually, not really," said Jennifer Stephens of Connellsville. "Just because
she's a woman doesn't mean she has the same views as Hillary."

To see more of The Daily Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/dailycourier/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Daily
Courier, Connellsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080904-DC-Fay-West-split-on-pick-of-Palin-as-McCain-s-No-2-0904

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DC


                        Copyright 2008 The Daily Courier


                              509 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              June 23, 2013 Sunday

Objection! What Lawyers Can't Say At Trials

BYLINE: Brett Hambright

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 823  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

bhambright@lnpnews.com

Don't make it personal, counselor - and that's an order.

That was a local judge's recent pretrial ruling regarding an attorney injecting
his personal life into statements to a jury.

Lancaster County Judge James Cullen prohibited attorney Jeff Conrad last week
from discussing his past experiences as a Marine and former prosecutor.

It's a tactic the veteran trial lawyer often uses to ingratiate himself with
jurors - building a rapport that, locals say, can swing a jury's decision on
guilt or innocence.

"OK, maybe I do do that a little bit," Conrad acknowledged while discussing the
order. "We all have to follow ethical parameters, but I believe I have the right
to argue zealously."

But this time, Cullen said no.

Conrad's client ultimately decided to plead guilty, so the ruling on Conrad's
personal life proved moot.

But there have been plenty of other instances where attorneys cross the line
while trying to sway Lancaster County trial juries.

"Psychology is such a huge part of being a good lawyer," said county Judge
Dennis Reinaker, formerly an attorney for both sides. "And it's amazing how many
times jurors believe people they like."

But how far is too far?

Attorneys, generally, have a host of items they're not permitted to bring into a
trial. They must toe the line while trying to sway Lancaster County trial
juries.

The verdict seems unanimous: An attorney's words carry a lot of weight in court.

During a death-penalty case here in March, an out-of-town attorney referenced a
Bible passage in closing arguments.

President Judge Joseph Madenspacher halted the attorney, Dennis Charles, on the
spot. Charles said he wasn't familiar with a rule prohibiting mentioning the
Bible.

In January, Conrad's words again came under fire.

While defending a Denver man on trial for warding off three teenage trespassers
with a shotgun, Conrad discussed defendant Richard Hersh's "liberty."

Conrad explained to jurors that Hersh could be sent to prison - "his liberty is
at stake," Conrad told the panel while gesturing toward Hersh. (Hersh ultimately
was acquitted.)

It wasn't the first time Conrad, who said he's approaching 100 trials, discussed
a defendant's liberty.

It was allowed at the Hersh trial, but in the same order last week, Cullen
constricted Conrad's use of the word.

"I may discuss liberty, but very limited," Conrad said of the ruling.

Conrad insists that each and every juror should be aware of what's on the line.

"It's a very serious matter and they need to know that," Conrad said. "It
heightens the game and it should. This is all about liberty. No matter what the
crime, a person's liberty is at stake."

While juries are supposed to make judgments based only on evidence and witness
testimony, local litigants say there's more to it than that.

Reinaker called attorney-jury rapport "extremely important."

"Sure, there are some cases that you can't win, no matter what," he said. "But
the close ones, things like that often tip the scales.

"I always felt that as an attorney, but I know it now from talking with jurors
[after trials]. They don't always know why they view things the way they do, but
I can tell from their comments that they favored one of the attorneys over the
other."

But it's a dangerous game. Attorneys publicly admonished for saying too much
could be making the wrong impression.

"If they get caught," Madenspacher said, "it looks bad for them and their case."

Madenspacher said he "almost never" halts an attorney's argument as he did in
the Matthew Becker capital murder trial in March.

But there are certain breaches of boundaries that warrant it.

For example, attorneys:

Can't discuss religion or cite religious literature. Madenspacher cited a 1992
state Supreme Court appeal ruling over a York County death-penalty case that
forbids it.

Can't inject personal opinion of a defendant's guilt or innocence.

Can't criticize a defendant for their hygiene, clothing, or appearance - or
insult them otherwise.

"You can't call him or her a liar," said Chris Patterson, a longtime defense
attorney here. "You can't say 'his story stinks as much as he does.' "

Can't ask jurors to put themselves in the defendant's or victim's shoes.

Patterson learned that one in a DUI trial years ago while discussing the
difficulties of completing a sobriety test.

"I caught hell," Patterson said, "for saying to a jury, 'I wish I could ask you
to perform field-sobriety tests.' "

But it's not always what a jury hears that tips the balance, according to
locals.

During a past sex-assault trial, Reinaker recalled, a juror spotted the alleged
victim - a young woman - making out with a man on a street near the courthouse.

"It was clear that nobody on the jury liked that and they didn't believe her
testimony," Reinaker said. "And the defendant was acquitted."

Hard to say if the on-street romance swayed the verdict.

"But it just goes to show how perceptions can be influenced by lots of things,"
Reinaker said.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            June 29, 1988 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

SKYSCRAPERS SWAY IN STRONG CALIFORNIA EARTHQUAKE

BYLINE: Source: AP

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 271 words


A strong earthquake shook a wide area of northern California yesterday, making
skyscrapers sway and dumping cans and bottles from supermarket shelves

No injuries were reported and damage was slight.

The quake was initially reported near 5.0 on the Richter scale by several
agencies, but the reading was upgraded to 5.7 by the University of California
seismographic stations at Berkeley. Other scientists kept to the lower figure. A
quake of that magnitude can cause heavy damage in populated areas.

The quake, which hit at 11.43am, was one of the strongest along the San Andreas
Fault since the 1906 quake that destroyed much of San Francisco, according to
Robert Uhrhammer at the University of California at Berkeley.

The San Andreas Fault, the longest beneath the State, produces dozens of quakes
along its 1,045km length every year.

A spokeswoman for the US Geological Survey, Ms Pat Jorgenson, said the epicentre
was about 25km south of San Jose.

The quake was felt over a large area, extending from Santa Rosa, about 100km
north of San Francisco, to the Monterey Peninsula 150km to the south. It lasted
up to 10 seconds in many areas.

Workers in San Francisco skyscrapers took the quake in their stride. In the
48-storey Transamerica building, constructed to withstand far more powerful
temors, workers said there was no panic.

Ms Ginger Johnson, a receptionist for Montgomery Securities on the 21st floor,
said: "Our traders immediately started betting on how big it was."

The 38 trains that were running on Bay Area Rapid Transit lines were briefly
halted to allow a check for track damage, but were quickly returned to
operation.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1988 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            April 26, 2014 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Artist tries to revive fashion illustration; Whimsical drawings a force before
photos and websites

BYLINE: Jodie Sinnema, Edmonton Journal

SECTION: ARTS &; LIFE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 803 words


Photos can capture the colours and sway of skirts and blouses, but Hayley Wright
believes the dying art of fashion illustration can create unique sway and
character to a designer's collection.

Wright, 24, works as the manager of the junior section at Simons in West
Edmonton Mall, and sells vintage clothing through her business on Etsy. But with
fine arts training and a diploma in fashion marketing and merchandising, Wright
would like to expand her work as a fashion illustrator.

"It creates a little bit more of a whimsical atmosphere is an otherwise serious
industry," she said.

What is a fashion illustrator? Fashion illustrators have historically been
employed by design studios or fashion houses to sketch out a designer's piece
before it goes into production. Before cameras were invented, "fashion
illustration was the only way to translate the most current fashion trends to
consumers during the late 19th and early 20th centuries," Wright explains.
"Oftentimes, fashion illustration is referred to as a dying art. However, there
are many contemporary artists, myself included, who are fighting to keep it
alive."

Where is such work useful? Not all fashion designers are highly skilled at
sketching their own garment ideas. That's where someone like Wright can come in.
But Wright says fashion illustrators can also generate images for advertisements
or company logos. She created the logo and some artwork for Nina Tang in San
Francisco's Fawn Boutique, for

instance.

Fashion illustrators can also be hired to illustrate beauty and hair trends.
Wright did eyelash illustrations for a beauty boutique owner who has since moved
to Vancouver. In essence, Wright created an eyelash menu for clients.

Why did you go into fashion illustration? Wright originally wanted to open her
own clothing boutique. Then her dreams shifted.

"I went to Vancouver College of Art and Design (now called Visual College of Art
and Design of Vancouver), but I didn't know that fashion illustration even
existed before then," Wright said. That program demands all design and marketing
students take a fashion illustration course. "Even in my experience - we worked
with the design students, too - They could create the most beautiful clothes,
but they couldn't draw. ... "I was always interested in artwork, but I never
knew you could do it in fashion. Those are my two favourite things."

How do you describe your fashion illustrations? "I don't like for anything to be
too pretty or too beautiful," Wright said. "I like there to be a juxtaposition
of some sort of darker element that will make you think about it a little bit."

While her artwork is "very feminine, very girlie," Wright gives her models
serious facial expressions, adds much shading, then balances it with painted
colours.

Who are some other fashion illustrators? Wright's favourite fashion illustrator
is Oriol Angrill, who uses a technique called double-exposure photography.

Wright says Angrill does portraits of girls or women, then creates stunning
landscapes with pencil and water colours within the portrait.

"It's what I'm trying to do," says Wright, who is currently using pencils and
acrylics for her own illustrations.

She also uses ink and water colour and estimates she spends four to six hours on
each drawn creation.

Katie Rodgers of Paper Fashion used to work for Reebok and was an illustrator on
the side, Wright said. Now, Rodgers has built up her illustration work and has
collaborated with the likes of Kate Spade. One of Rodger's tiny illustrations is
on a Kate Spade handbag, Wright said. Another image was duplicated and made into
a pattern for a textile.

Where can people see your art? Check Wright out on Instagram (@paperinkart) or
contact her via her Etsy Lux Vintage Apparel clothing site.

Her prints (8x10) usually go for $20. Newer originals range in price from $225
to $275. Older ones, which took less time, are in the $150 range.

Where do you see your fashion illustration going? Wright says she's been talking
to Peter Simons, president of the Simons store, about a new store opening in
Vancouver in 2015.

Each Simons store has one art piece, Edmonton's being a piece by Phillip Beesley
called Aurora.

"The sculpture is composed of hundreds of thousands of individual components
including laser-cut stainless steel, acrylic and Mylar, densely massed glass
vessels, and custom computercontrolled circuitry," reads the description on
Beesley's architectural website.

Wright would like to contribute something to the Vancouver store.

"I wouldn't expect I would do something so grand," she said.

Wright is also in talks with the local Simons people to see if copies of her
artwork could be framed in the small home furnishing section in the Edmonton
store, where a faux-kitchen display is already set up.

jsinnema@edmontonjournal.com twitter.com/jodiesinnema

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / A darker side in this Hayley Wright drawing; Ed Kaiser, Edmonton
Journal;  Hayley Wright says she combines two of her favourite things in fashion
artwork.; Supplied;  Illustration by Hayley Wright; Ed Kaiser, Edmonton Journal;
Artist and fashion illustrator Hayley Wright took her artwork to Western Canada
Fashion Week in March.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Edmonton Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                              July 24, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

New technology boosts Ford Flex; Only introduced last year, the new Flex is
already better than it was

BYLINE: Ian Harwood, Special to The Province

SECTION: DRIVING; The Truck Guy; Pg. C12

LENGTH: 792  words


The order came in: Truck Guy, head to Denver, Colo., for an important Ford
launch.

You don't argue with that kind of command. Nevertheless, I was surprised that
the subject of the event was the 2010 Ford Flex. This vehicle was just
introduced last year, what could they possibly do to improve on it?

The Looks

The styling of this vehicle is unique. Scalloped door panels, two-tone roof and
body paint, refined grille and headlight assembly makes it stand out from the
rest of the crossover crowd.

In The Cab

The MyKey system is a new technology Ford developed to allow parents of
teenagers to encourage them to drive safely. The system can be programmed
through the vehicle-message centre.

When the key is inserted into the ignition, the system reads the transponder
chip in the key and immediately identifies the code, which enables certain
default driving modes such as limited top speed, earlier low-fuel warning,
traction-control system that can't be deactivated to limit tire-spinning,
seat-belt reminders and an audio system that's muted until seat belts are
buckled.

The interior is spacious and comfortable. With the front passenger seat folded,
the second row buckets folded via the one touch power release and the third row
50/50 bench folded into the floor, you can carry some very long loads, up to
2,356 litres of cargo. The optional navigation system has been improved, and it
features a home screen that can be customized to include your favourite photo.
The system can store up to 32 jpeg files up to 1.5 megabytes each. The digital
jukebox can store about 2,400 songs and enables users to browse their music via
the screen or through voice activation.

Power

This is where we really notice the difference between the 2009 Flex and the 2010
model. Ford is now using (optional) a lighter-weight, all-aluminum 3.5-litre
EcoBoost V-6 engine that delivers the performance of a V-8 with the fuel economy
of a V-6. This motor is a twin turbocharged, direct injection that produces 355
horsepower and 350 ft.-lb. of torque.

Pump Frequency

Flex AWD, 13.5 / 9.1L/100 km (city/hwy); Flex FWD, 11.8 /8.1L/100 km; Flex AWD
EcoBoost, 13.1/ 9.2 L/100 km.

Warranty Support

Basic, 36 months/60,000 km; powertrain, 60 months/100,000 km;
corrosion/perforation warranty, 60 months/unlimited distance.

Roadworthiness

The trailer-sway control found on the 2009 Ford F150 has been introduced to the
Flex.

Basically, if your trailer sways in one direction the system applies selective
braking pressure on the tow vehicle's opposite side. This creates counter
momentum to the forces applied on the vehicle from the trailer, dampens the yaw
motion and helps to reduce the sway.

Electric power-assist steering with pull-drift compensation greatly improves the
drivability of this vehicle. A pull or drift sensation in steering can be caused
by crowded streets or steady winds. This new technology enables the system to
gradually increase steering compensation in these conditions. The driver does
not need to make an extra effort to help maintain driving comfort straight down
the road.

The other cool option available on this vehicle is the active park assist. I
have experienced this technology with a Lexus vehicle before, but had some
trouble with it. This system worked every time and flawlessly. It uses
ultrasonic sensors to parallel park the vehicle in a minimum slot of 1.2 times
the vehicle length. Once the system is activated, it scans available parking and
notifies you if a suitable space has been found. Simply put the vehicle in
reverse and the system takes over.

The Verdict

The test drive involved a toll highway through the suburbs of Denver to a town
nestled up against the Rocky Mountains called Boulder. From there I drove a very
twisted, steeply graded road to about the 3,000-metre mark. This gave me a
chance to test out some trailer towing exercises. Although I found it a little
difficult to breathe at this altitude, the vehicle's turbos did not. It powered
up the hills towing a trailer with a quad on it with little effort.

I am impressed.

The self-parking capabilities blew me away, so I had to try it several times
just make sure nothing was staged. It worked without fail. When this option is
available on other Ford vehicles, I would strongly recommend it.

I found driving the 2009 version to be very good, but this latest model has more
options I did not think I would see for a few years. Technology sneaks up on you
very quickly and if you embrace it then it can make life a lot easier.

Sticker Price

SE FWD, $32,699; SEL FWD,$35,999; Limited FWD, $41,999; SEL AWD, $37,999;
Limited AWD,$43,199; Limited EcoBoost, $46,599.

Ian Harwood is the corporate sales and operations manager of Custom Truck Parts
in Western Canada.

truckguy@customtruckpartsinc.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Ian Harwood, Special to The Province; Ian Harwood's Ford Flex tester
pauses at the foot of an imposing stone church at an elevation of about 2,300
metres, about an hour west of Boulder. The drive continued on a twisted, steep
road. ;
Photo: Ian Harwood, Special to The Province; The Ford Flex easily powered up the
steeply graded road towing a trailer with a quad on it and the self-parking
worked flawlessly without fail. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2009 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                           October 16, 2002 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Parties weigh campaigns in need of cash;
Congress up for grabs, millions flow to sway voters

BYLINE: By Sharon Theimer Associated Press

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 844 words


WASHINGTON - Democrats are putting Bill Clinton's economic record up against
George W. Bush's in a blitz of TV and radio ads, calls and fliers, while the
president has lent his voice to tape recorded phone calls urging Americans to
vote Republican.

Both parties are unleashing their final volleys in a multimillion-dollar effort
to sway voters, who will determine control of Congress on Nov. 5.

Party strategists also are closely examining new campaign finance reports the
candidates were filing with the Federal Election Commission this week, looking
for those who might - or might not - need their help down the stretch.

In Georgia's Senate race, Republican Rep. Saxby Chambliss is counting on
$900,000 in ads by the National Republican Senatorial Committee from Labor Day
through the election to help chip away at Democratic Sen. Max Cleland's roughly
3-to-1 spending advantage.

Cleland has raised and spent more than $8.7 million, compared with about $5
million in fund-raising and $3 million in spending by Chambliss, according to
campaign reports released Tuesday. Chambliss started the month with more cash on
hand: $1.7 million, compared to $203,085 for Cleland.

"It's a very big boost to get that little extra bit," Michelle Hitt, a
spokeswoman for the Chambliss campaign, said.

Bush and former President Clinton will be waging dueling get-out-the-vote
campaigns in the final days before the election. Each effort is expected to cost
millions.

The DNC is building its push around the state's struggling economy, comparing
Clinton's economic record with Bush's. The party plans to contact voters and
play a recorded message from Clinton. Former Vice President Al Gore, the party's
2000 presidential nominee, also is recording messages for use in key states.

In more than 25 states, the Republican National Committee is telephoning voters
who have requested absentee ballots and playing Bush's recorded voice asking
them to vote Republican.

"Once you receive your ballot, I hope you will support our great Republican
candidates," Bush says in one recording. "They are working to make America
stronger, safer and better. I appreciate your support of my agenda."

Meanwhile, several states with close Senate races are attracting a final wave of
party ad dollars. Each major party plans to spend at least $2 million in
Missouri, South Dakota, Colorado, Minnesota, North Carolina, Arkansas, Texas and
New Hampshire from Labor Day to Election Day, for example.

In all, 15 to 20 close House races make the hot sheet for party spending,
including incumbent-vs.-incumbent matchups in Connecticut, Illinois, Mississippi
and Pennsylvania, and races in Indiana, Georgia, Iowa, Colorado, Maryland,
Texas, South Dakota and Minnesota.

In some cases, the party money will serve as the icing on top of $1 million or
more the campaigns have on hand to spend. In others, it will provide a crucial
infusion for competitive candidates with little cash left.

Republican Elizabeth Dole has spent more than $10 million trying to land North
Carolina's open Senate seat, starting the month with $592,147 on hand.

That compares to $1.1 million on hand for Democratic rival Erskine Bowles, who
had spent $7 million as of Sept. 30. Though Bowles reported more cash on hand,
he also reported more campaign debt: nearly $3 million, compared to $168,773 for
Dole.

In Minnesota's Senate race, Democratic incumbent Paul Wellstone had outspent his
Republican challenger, former St. Paul Mayor Norm Coleman, by nearly $3 million
as of September's end. Wellstone started October with nearly $1.5 million on
hand, compared with about $1.9 million for Coleman.

Among other hot Senate races, Missouri Democratic Sen. Jean Carnahan reported
spending twice as much as Republican challenger Jim Talent. Carnahan began
October with $1.1 million on hand, compared with $2.8 million for Talent.

In New Hampshire's Senate race, Democratic Gov. Jeanne Shaheen reported spending
$2.7 million, with $1.3 million on hand. Republican Rep. John Sununu reported
$1.7 million in spending and $297,622 on hand.

In another marquee race, Democratic Party officials and their New Jersey Senate
candidate Frank Lautenberg said they expect the former senator and millionaire
businessman to spend at least $3 million in money either from his fortune or
personal fund-raising to capture the seat vacated by Democratic Sen. Robert
Torricelli.

House candidates also were filing campaign finance reports Tuesday, including
those in several high-profile incumbent-vs.-incumbent matchups.

In perhaps the costliest of those, Connecticut Republican Rep. Nancy Johnson
reported spending more than $2.4 million so far this election and had $1 million
on hand, compared to more than $1.6 million in spending and $146,280 on hand for
Democratic Rep. Jim Maloney.

The Democratic National Committee also released its latest fund-raising figures.

The DNC has raised $110 million for the 2002 election, beating its previous
midterm election record, set in 1998, by $28 million, Chairman Terry McAuliffe
said.

The committee had $15 million on hand as of Sept. 30.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Associated Press, President Bush (top, left) joins Lt. Gov. Dick
Posthumus, of Michigan, on Monday at a rally for his gubernatorial bid. At left,
ex-President Clinton helps raise funds for 2nd District candidate Joseph
Courtney in Enfield, Conn.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 The Durham Herald Co.


                              514 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                                 July 22, 2012

Nonprofit Groups Organize New Efforts to Sway Lawmakers

BYLINE: Maureen West

SECTION: GOVERNMENT; Managing

LENGTH: 802  words

ABSTRACT

A national-service advocacy group is placing organizers in states with key
political races, while grant makers are holding Foundation 101 sessions to talk
about the charitable deduction and other issues.

FULL TEXT

As candidates around the country campaign in national, state, and local races,
many nonprofits are gearing up to help charities make their case to those
contenders. Among them:

Nonprofit Vote. George Pillsbury, executive director of the Boston group, which
advises charities on advocacy efforts, says the most heavily downloaded resource
on the group's Web site is "A Nonprofit's Guide to Hosting Candidate Forums." In
the past, he notes, voter-registration tool kits were the most popular.

"Four years ago, we were talking with charities about voter education and voter
turnout, and now we are talking more about what nonprofits can do with
candidates," Mr. Pillsbury says.

But voter-registration efforts remain a big part of nonprofits' efforts to sway
lawmakers. Nonprofit Vote is sponsoring a national voter-registration day on
September 25, with more than 75 nonprofit groups participating, including
Families International and the Alliance of Children and Families.

ServiceNation and Save Service in America. Both groups, which promote
volunteerism and national service, are trying to protect national-service
programs like AmeriCorps. ServiceNation is stationing field organizers in seven
states-Iowa, Montana, Florida, Louisiana, Ohio, Kentucky, and Washington-where
key lawmakers could influence votes on national service.

"We are trying to embolden our champions [on Capitol Hill] and mitigate our
opponents," says Christopher Cashman, communications director at ServiceNation.

The organizers will arrange town halls with candidates and mobilize people,
including alumni of national-service programs, to meet with elected officials.
Phone-bank callers will let candidates know they have constituents who care
about national service.

Jewish Federations of North America. The organization is mobilizing its 157
federations, asking them to invite key members of Congress to visit
social-service groups supported by the organizations. In presidential
battleground states, such charities will be suggested to the candidates'
organizers as campaign stops.

In the weeks after the election, says Steven Woolf, the federations' senior
counsel for tax policy, "changes to the tax code could happen at the stroke of
midnight behind closed doors, so we want to make sure we get in front of many of
the people who will be there making those decisions."

The federation is also deeply engaged in trying to assure that Democratic and
Republican party platforms include language that is favorable to nonprofits,
says William Daroff, vice president for public policy.

In May, representatives of the federations met with key White House staff
members, asking for President Obama to downplay the charitable deduction as a
deficit-reduction priority. The federations walked away feeling cautiously
optimistic, Mr. Daroff says, as it also did after a similar discussion with an
adviser to Republican hopeful Mitt Romney.

Catholic Charities USA. Representatives of the group, which oversees 1,400
social-services groups, routinely visit lawmakers on their home turf during
campaign seasons. This year they have prepared talking points and data that
underscore the importance of preserving the charitable deduction for people who
itemize on their federal tax returns, says the Rev. Larry Snyder, Catholic
Charities USA's chief executive. "There is a real sense of urgency," he says.

Council on Foundations. In May, the council took a new Foundation 101 program on
the road to educate lawmakers and their staff members about the charitable tax
deduction and other issues that affect grant makers. The first gathering was
sponsored by the Louisville Community Foundation, in Kentucky. The Arkansas
Community Foundation and the Winthrop Rockefeller Foundation, both in Little
Rock, are hosting a session in August and others are expected to follow.

But there's no guarantee that key lawmakers will hear nonprofits make their
case, as Susan Barry, chief executive of the Louisville foundation, has
discovered. She was disappointed that no one from Senate Minority Leader Mitch
McConnell's staff attended her group's event, even though five other
Congressional aides were there.

But the meetings could be a good first step, she says; one of the Congressional
staff members, she noted, has asked for a follow-up meeting. "They learned some
things about what we do. We learned how we can position ourselves to be
resources, and relationships were formed," she says. "That is a good place for
us to be, especially when the landscape is changing."

Like any relationship, she says, it will take time and trust: "It's a slow
dance."

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          November 11, 2009 Wednesday

McEntee: The gay debate and the power of conversation

BYLINE: By Peg McEntee Tribune Columnist

SECTION: LDS; News; State; Local; Columnists

LENGTH: 515 words


In endorsing Salt Lake City ordinances banning job and housing discrimination
against gay and transgendered people, the LDS Church has come to a moment of
reconciliation with a vocal cadre of Salt Lakers fighting for LGBT civil rights.

A small step? Yes, but one that carries considerable weight in the ongoing
conversation about the latest civil rights campaign in Utah and the nation.

And what made it happen was for emissaries for both sides to sit down and talk
it through.

On Tuesday night, church spokesman Michael Otterson told the City Council that
the church supports the ordinances because they are fair, reasonable and don't
hurt the institution of marriage, which under its doctrine and the Utah
Constitution is reserved for one man and one woman.

Then the council promptly passed it unanimously and earned a standing ovation.

Will Carlson, public policy manager for the gay rights group Equality Utah, told
me a bit of his history: He served a Mormon mission, came out when he got home
and left the church.

Dealing with the two sides' differences has been difficult, he said. But Tuesday
night, "For the first time in years, I got excited. I said, 'Look what my church
did!' "

Incongruous, yes, but heartfelt in the moment.

The LDS Church got hammered for its role in the passage of California's
Proposition 8, which banned gay marriage there. Challenges to its validity still
are working though court.

Now one of its ostensible allies, the very conservative Sutherland Institute,
deems the ordinances "unsound in principle, clarity and effect" and calls on the
Legislature to rescind them.

In turn, lawmakers are in a predicament, since the vast majority are
conservative LDS Republicans. But House Speaker Dave Clark put a tidy spin on
it: The church, he said, sways public opinion, and the public opinion sways
lawmakers.

Much as talking to one another swayed those involved in the secret meetings that
preceded the vote.

Deeda Seed, a former City Council chair and the organizer of the first Kiss-in
after the brouhaha over the arrests of the men who kissed on the church's Main
Street Plaza, helped begin the conversation.

In fact, she was chair of the City Council in 1997 when it passed a similar
nondiscrimination ordinance, which was swiftly rescinded when her successor took
over early in 1998. Former Mayor Rocky Anderson later reinstated it by executive
order.

The first, cautious meetings gradually evolved into thoughtful conversations,
Seed said, as stories were shared. "I learned, as a non-LDS, about the pain and
fear that exists within the LDS Church over this issue."

Those in the meeting shared experiences, both personal or with friends and
associates. The power of stories, Seed said, brought understanding and common
ground. "In the hustle and bustle of policy-making and politics, people neglect
to listen to the narrative that informs our lives."

It's a lesson worth remembering as we as a state and nation walk, however
haltingly, toward the realization of equal rights and responsibilities for
everyone.

pegmcentee@sltrib.com Alt Heads:

Awesome power of talking

it over

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Peg McEntee

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          February 22, 2012 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Musician Or a Poet? Yes to Both

BYLINE: By PETER APPLEBOME

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1095 words


There may be other singer-songwriters in Nashville who would start their day
just so, but then, perhaps not.

''This morning found me up at 6 to feed the dogs, then back in bed, where I read
a little more of Dante's 'Inferno,' '' begins one blog post by Kevin Gordon, who
has a master's in poetry from the University of Iowa Writers' Workshop and a
musical sensibility that's part Muddy Waters and part Carl Perkins. ''It has a
cooling effect. (The further in I get, the more it resembles life here on earth;
Virgil leads Dante up Gallatin Road on a hot July evening).''

From there he takes out the trash, makes espresso in ''the Italian stovetop
thing'' and ponders chores domestic and professional: graphic design, club
bookings, pest control, how much it will cost to fix the van. It's a typical day
in off-brand East Nashville, far outside Music Row's gravitational pull.

Last week Mr. Gordon, who made his first record in 1991, released his first
album since 2005, ''Gloryland,'' an often harrowing tour of the back-roads South
with scenes of burning churches, a serio-comic brawl after a ZZ Top concert in
Shreveport, La., and -- most memorably -- the time the Klan showed up when his
seventh-grade marching band performed about 90 miles from there in Colfax.

It remains to be seen whether the album will put him on a bigger map
commercially, but Mr. Gordon's music is both a distinctive slice of the
Nashville scene far from the country mainstream and a window onto the DIY paths
that increasingly come with a music career.

Sitting in a Times Square coffee bar a few weeks back in black-framed glasses,
denim jacket, jeans and black boots, Mr. Gordon, 48, had the bleary-eyed,
glam-deprived look of a guy who just got off the night shift.

Mr. Gordon, who grew up in Monroe, La., began in a skater punk band and later
played his first professional gig, getting paid half a case of beer, at a sports
bar in Monroe with a bookie operation in the back room and under-age girls
serving drinks in the front.

But along with music he began writing poetry, and after college in Monroe he
headed in 1987 for the prestigious writing program at the University of Iowa.

There he began playing with Bo Ramsey, the Midwestern guitarist and producer
best known for his work with Greg Brown and Lucinda Williams. From Mr. Ramsey he
developed an appreciation of the sonic capacities of blues-based roots music,
and at Iowa he refined his interest in gritty, musical, muscular poetry by
writers like Richard Hugo and Denis Johnson, whose ''Incognito Lounge'' became a
particular touchstone.

By way of explanation, he puts down his coffee and begins reciting Mr. Johnson's
''Sway,'' with its depictions of ''fire-gutted cars, their bones the bones of
coyote and hyena,'' and words blending ''in the tarantellasmic sway'' between
harmony and divergence.

After graduation he moved to Nashville, hoping to mix songwriting for others
with his own music.

''Nashville seemed like the most palatable, the most comfortable, choice I
had,'' he said. ''I figured I could somehow retain my dignity and slip in the
back door by having my songs cut by other people. But it was like outer space to
me, like working in two different value systems.''

Instead he concentrated on making his own records, building up a small but loyal
coterie of fans in Nashville and beyond with music that leaned toward rockabilly
on ''Cadillac Jack's #1 Son'' (1998) and toward an often ominous electric buzz
on ''O Come Look at the Burning'' (2005).

The albums drew critical praise, and his successes include being covered by
Keith Richards, having his music used on HBO's ''True Blood'' and doing a duet
with Ms. Williams on his song ''Down to the Well.'' Ms. Williams, whose father
is a poet and who met Mr. Gordon through Mr. Ramsey, considers herself a fan and
a kindred spirit.

''Country radio is a moot point for this kind of music; it's not an option,''
she said. ''But he's writing songs that are like short stories, and I really
like the kind of swampy, bluesy sound.''

The music on ''Gloryland'' is particularly eclectic, from the spare, soulful
parable of ''Trying to Get to Memphis''; to the jumpy, ZZ Top-style ''Bus to
Shreveport''; to the apocalyptic religious imagery of ''Gloryland,'' with echoes
of Bob Dylan's ''Gotta Serve Somebody,'' but with a very different message.

But its centerpiece is ''Colfax/Step in Time,'' which starts like a talking
blues set against laconic guitar and plunking banjo and builds toward a finale
that's part marching band and part gospel choir. At more than 10 minutes long,
it has the feel of a Southern Gothic ''Alice's Restaurant.'' It begins as a
hormonal junior high road trip, with the band in purple jackets and white slacks
on a bus. And it ends with the black band director, Mr. Minifield, staring
straight ahead, marching past the Klansmen ''in their white dunce caps and robes
with red crosses'' into an unknown future -- ''Like there was somewhere better
he was going, but this was the only goddamned way to get there, today, with his
baton in the air.''

Of course Mr. Gordon, like most of his peers in the diffuse East Nashville
scene, struggles mightily to make his choices work financially. Like most of
them, he has a day job, in his case running a folk art gallery out of his home,
where he lives with his wife, Boo Gordon, who teaches preschool, and his
children, 13 and 15. (Mr. Gordon is scheduled to appear in New York on March 29
at Otto's Shrunken Head in the East Village.)

He says he scraped together the money to make the record by soliciting
sponsorships from fans: an advance download of the album with bonus track for
$10 or more; a ''Gloryland'' T-shirt and a signed advance copy of the CD for $50
or more. At the highest levels, sponsors could get a solo house concert for
$1,500 and a concert with his band for $2,500.

Mr. Gordon ended up with about 135 sponsors, most of whom gave between $25 and
$100 (he had one taker for the solo house concert) and raised $13,000, $3,000
above his goal.

It is unlikely that ''Gloryland'' will turn his career arc into Adele's -- or
Leonard Cohen's, for that matter. But he figures he's doing what he wants, and
there are ways to make it work, so like Mr. Minifield, he's staring straight
ahead and glad to be marching into that unknown future.

''Personally, I love the fact that so much can be done independently now,'' he
said. ''And as I tell people, enough good things keep happening that to think
about quitting would be idiotic, even if I could. But this seems to be
pathological for me. I seem to have to do it.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Kevin Gordon(C1)
 Kevin Gordon, a Nashville singer-songwriter with a master's in poetry, has just
released ''Gloryland,'' his first album since 2005. (PHOTOGRAPH BY RICHARD
PERRY/THE NEW YORK TIMES)(C7)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              517 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 11, 1992, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Lessons at 37,000 feet

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 128 words


Teaching pro Dave Collins anticipated a boring six-hour flight from Miami to San
Francisco Wednesday.  But he forgot to hide his hat, which
had ''Doral Golf Learning Center'' stitched in the band.      ''People

read the newspaper (USA TODAY's hot line story), then saw from my hat that I was
a pro and they wanted lessons on the plane,'' said Collins, 57. ''I never
thought I'd be teaching golf 37,000 feet up in the air.''

Collins keeps his lessons simple, whether in the air or on the ground.

His tip: ''One of the myths is you have to keep your head still while you swing.
Every good golfer moves his head slightly.'' But don't allow your lower body to
sway. ''You sway if your weight shifts outside your back foot,'' he says.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

USA TODAY GOLF HOT LINE

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              518 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday
                                Ontario Edition

U.S. COURTS;
Trump team seeks to sway judges on ban;
Blocking executive order is equivalent to taking 'the extraordinary step of
second-guessing' the President, government papers argue

BYLINE: JOANNA SLATER, ADRIAN MORROW

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 958 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK, WASHINGTON


The legal battle over U.S. President Donald Trump's immigration ban intensified
on Monday as supporters and opponents of the measure sought to sway a panel of
appellate judges ahead of a crucial hearing.

Federal prosecutors submitted fresh arguments in favour of reinstating the ban,
which was temporarily halted by a lower court on Friday. That ruling allowed
refugees and visa holders from seven Muslim-majority countries to once again
enter the United States.

Blocking the ban is equivalent to taking "the extraordinary step of
second-guessing" the President on a matter of national security, an area in
which he has broad legal authority, the government argued in papers filed
Monday.

Meanwhile, the states of Washington and Minnesota, which launched the challenge
to the ban, told the appeals court that restarting the restrictions would
"unleash chaos" and charged that "the President acted in bad faith in an effort
to target Muslims" by signing the executive order on Jan. 27.

The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, which is based in San
Francisco, scheduled a hearing for Tuesday afternoon and experts believe the
judges will issue a ruling as quickly as possible. But the legal combat is
unlikely to end there and could reach all the way to the country's Supreme
Court.

A slew of briefs filed in support of Washington and Minnesota's case underscored
the depth of the opposition to the immigration ban. Nearly 100 technology
companies, 16 states, a major union and 10 former national-security officials
submitted briefs in support of the legal challenge to the ban.

The states said that the ban had harmed the recruitment of highly skilled
employees, prevented staff from returning to jobs at universities and dented tax
revenues. The former government officials, who served primarily under Democratic
presidents, said that the ban could not be justified on the grounds of
protecting national security but instead threatened to harm such interests.

Late last week, Washington and Minnesota won a key victory when a lower court in
Seattle temporarily halted the implementation of the ban nationwide. Visa
holders from seven countries - Iran, Iraq, Somalia, Yemen, Syria, Libya and
Sudan - have raced to reach the United States while the ban is suspended. The
Trump administration quickly appealed the ruling and sought to overturn it.

Meanwhile, Mr. Trump mounted a ferocious defence of his policy. He asserted that
the lower court ruling was a boon to would-be terrorists. And, in terms that
were unusual - if not unprecedented - for an American president, Mr. Trump
disparaged the judge who issued the decision, describing him as a "so-called
judge."

On Monday, during a visit to an air force base in Florida, Mr. Trump reiterated
his call for more stringent checks on those entering the United States. "We need
strong programs so that people who love us and want to love our country and will
end up loving our country are allowed in, not people that want to destroy us and
destroy our country," Mr. Trump said.

The federal appeals court in San Francisco is known for its liberal bent. But
its ruling is expected to focus on whether the lower-court judge in Seattle
overstepped his authority in issuing a ruling that applied nationwide, not on
the larger questions surrounding the constitutionality of the immigration ban.

Once the appeals court rules, either side could ask the Supreme Court to take up
the case.

At present, the highest court has only eight sitting justices and is divided
equally into liberal and conservative wings.

To overturn an appeals court ruling would require five justices, while a tie
would leave the ruling intact. (Mr. Trump's nominee to fill the empty seat on
the the court, Neil Gorsuch, is still in the early phases of his confirmation
process.)

The case could also move back to the lower court in Seattle for a fuller hearing
on its merits.

That result, too, could be subject to a series of appeals eventually ending at
the Supreme Court.

A group of 97 of the world's top technology companies, including Google,
Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, Twitter and Uber, argued in a brief that Mr. Trump's
order inflicts "substantial harm on U.S. companies."

The immigration ban "hinders the ability of American companies to attract great
talent; increases costs imposed on business; makes it more difficult for U.S.
firms to compete in the international marketplace; and gives global enterprises
a new, significant incentive to build operations - and hire new employees -
outside the United States," the brief states.

The companies contend that the order violates both the U.S. Constitution and an
immigration law enacted in 1965 that prohibits excluding people on the basis of
nationality.

A group of 10 former secretaries of state, Central Intelligence Agency directors
and other national-security officials - from the administrations of Bill
Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama - also submitted a joint declaration
backing the states' fight against the order.

The declaration asserted that Mr. Trump's order would "endanger U.S. troops in
the field" by damaging the country's ability to gather intelligence in the
Middle East and would ultimately help the Islamic State group's recruitment
efforts "by feeding into the narrative that the United States is at war with
Islam."

Another brief was filed by 16 state and district attorneys-general, among them
the states of New York, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, California, Iowa and
Illinois. They detailed the disruptions that the ban had caused to hospital
staffing and educational institutions.

The interests of the country would be best served by continuing to block the
ban, they wrote, thereby "avoiding further turmoil," pending a more thorough
legal review by the courts.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Tehran Times

                              May 25, 2015 Monday

Obama gave in to Congress on Iran to sway votes on his side: academic

LENGTH: 497  words


By Javad Heirannia

TEHRAN - President Barack Obama signed legislation on Friday that gives Congress
the power to review and potentially reject a nuclear deal with Iran.

Professor Nader Entessar from South Alabama University says Obama agreed to
demands by Congress in order to win the support of some Republican congressmen
for nuclear deal with Iran. "President Obama thinks by agreeing to Congress's
demands, he can sway some votes to his side," Entessar tells the Tehran Times.
Achieving a deal with Iran has become a central element of Obama's foreign
policy ambitions, and the new law, which Obama vigorously opposed at the
beginning, imposes conditions on his ability to act on his own.

Entessar says, "The bill certainly erodes the element of trust and
confidence-building in the ongoing negotiations between Iran and 5+1 countries."
Following is the full text of the interview: Q: What is the purpose of behind
the congressional the bill while the two sides are negotiating for a nuclear
deal? A: One purpose of the bill is to convey a message to the Executive Branch
of the U.S. government that Congress must be involved in approving or
disapproving the outcome of a possible final agreement with Iran. The second
reason must be analyzed in the context of the make-up of the U.S. Congress. The
neocons who have always been opposed to any meaningful negotiations with Iran
are in control of Congress, and they have not given up on the idea of killing
any deal with Iran. Negotiation for them implies Iran's surrender. Q: Why
President Obama changed his view and accepted to sign the bill? A: President
Obama thinks by agreeing to Congress's demands, he can sway some votes to his
side. That is, in case of Congressional rejection of a possible nuclear deal,
Obama can veto the bill and still have enough support in Congress to sustain the
President's rejection of his veto. This is a band-aid solution that may not help
once Obama is out of office, especially if a right-wing Republican is the next
U.S. president. Q: What is the impact of the bill on negotiations between Iran
and 5+1 group? A: The bill certainly erodes the element of trust and
confidence-building in the ongoing negotiations between Iran and 5+1 countries.
It raises the stakes at a crucial stage of negotiations and erects another
obstacle. Q: Can the bill have negative impact on the integrity of 5+1 in
negotiations with Iran? A: Yes, it raises the question of how serious the 5+1
countries are about their publicly stated intention of a "win-win" solution.
There appears to be a vacuum of leadership in this whole process on the part of
5+1, in general, and the United States, in particular. These countries may have
conflicting goals and, at least on the surface, it appears that they are not on
the same page. ***** [highlight] "Neocons who have always been opposed to any
meaningful negotiations with Iran are in control of Congress, and they have not
given up on the idea of killing any deal with Iran."

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1312


                          Copyright 2015 Tehran Times
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday

Al Ward: Local anglers find success at places near and far

LENGTH: 515 words


I have taken many photos over the years of my hunting and fishing outings, and
enjoy visiting with Martha Acosta of Walgreens when I have some of them printed.

Martha and her husband, Ed, go to Lake Shawnee two or three times a week to fish
for bass. They have a small two-person boat and like to fish on the golf course
end of the lake.

When Martha catches a catfish, Ed gives her a hard time because he prefers to
catch bass.

The last time out, Martha broke her line three times. I think maybe Ed put old
line on her rod so she wouldn't out-fish him.

The couple likes to have a friendly contest to see who catches the most fish and
who lands the largest. On their last outing, Martha's bass was 18 inches long
while Ed's was only 17 inches. Martha was victorious that day. They release most
of their catch.

Bob and Mike Thomas spent last weekend fishing Lake Stockton, Mo., at a bass
tournament. They had good luck, reeling in a total weight of 17.46 pounds to
take 23rd place out of 151 teams. Their largest bass weighed nearly 71/2 pounds.

The winning team weighed in with 25.89 pounds. The winners' last names were also
Thomas, but they didn't split any of their winnings with Bob and Mike. The top
15 teams go on to compete in the National Tour at Kentucky Lake in November.

Father-son duo Martin and Bodie Hischke fished in Minnesota for three days and
had a great time. Bodie's grandfather Ted had planned to take him, but health
problems changed the plans.

Bodie, 12, caught a 191/2-inch walleye and Martin caught a 22-incher. They
caught their limit the first two days and were only one fish short the third
day.

Martin and Bodie really enjoyed their fresh-caught shore lunch along with
potatoes and beans. It doesn't get much better than that meal on a lake bank in
the great outdoors.

Jim Schmelzle had taken his grandson, Sam, fishing before, so it was
granddaughter Sway's turn to fish Milford Lake.

Jay Smith was their guide and put them in some fine fishing territory. They were
catching blue catfish between 5 and 20 pounds. Then, Sway, 14, hooked a big one.
She was using a 40-pound test line and the big cat fought her for 30 minutes
until she got it to the side of the boat so they could net it. The scale showed
65 pounds - the largest fish Jay had ever landed in his boat.

Sway's arms were sore and she had a bruise on her stomach from the pole, but she
enjoyed the experience. After lots of photos, they released the big cat for
another day. Great job, Sway!

Jason Matney took his two sons to Colorado for two days of trout fishing on
Estes Park Lake. Devin and Gavin were on their first trout fishing trip and the
fishing was well worth it. They landed more than 50 trout the first day.

The second day was a little slower, so they headed up stream and got into some
snow on the ground. The trout in the stream were smaller than those they caught
in the lake, but reeling in lots of fish makes an outing very enjoyable for all.

I enjoy hearing and writing about outdoor adventures. Take a kid fishing or
hunting and you will enjoy it as much or more than the kids. Good luck this
fall.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 7, 2011 Monday

EDITORIAL: In Idaho, when is a Republican sufficiently Republican?

BYLINE: Moscow-Pullman Daily News, Moscow, Idaho

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 458 words


March 07--A recent Gallup poll suggests Idaho is the second most conservative
state in the union, trailing only Mississippi.

Who could argue?

After November's elections, the Republican Party holds 28 of 35 seats in the
state Senate (80 percent), 57 of 70 seats in the House (81 percent), all top
elected state officials and all four Congressional seats.

Despite the power, some in the GOP were still concerned Idaho's tiny liberal and
moderate voices held too much sway in primary races and were helping to nominate
and elect "a lot of folks who are 'Republican legislators' who are not as
conservative as the Republican party would like them to be," as Cornel Rasor,
chairman of Bonner County's Central GOP Committee, puts it.

Any sway those voices had, U.S. District Judge Lynn Winmill took away last week,
ruling Idaho's open primary system is unconstitutional.

"Idaho's current open primary system, as applied, forces the Idaho Republican
Party to associate with, and have their nominees and positions determined by
those who have refused to affiliate with the party," Winmill wrote in his
ruling. "The current primary system in Idaho imposes a severe burden on the
Idaho Republican Party's First Amendment rights."

Most Republican leaders in the state cheered the decision, which ensures only
registered Republicans can take part in the party's primary elections. That
means no Independents, and certainly no donkeys.

While the ruling may be good for the extreme right of the party -- the side that
supports candidates being forced to sign loyalty oaths and measures that would
repeal the 17th amendment -- it has the effect of disenfranchising moderates and
independents, who will be excluded from the primaries unless they declare
themselves either Democrat or Republican.

It's not surprising the Republicans sought a ruling that can only strengthen
their hold on the state and promote even more conservative ideals. But it is
surprising the Republicans would consider changing a system that has suited it
so well.

Secretary of State Ben Ysursa, a Republican who defended the state's open
primary system in court, even questioned the logic.

"I don't know what's broken here," Ysursa told The Associated Press. "The
Republican Party's success in recent years has been quite remarkable with the
open primary system. It's pretty hard to argue against the success we've had at
the polls."

Yes, it is.

To see more of the Moscow-Pullman Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.dnews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Moscow-Pullman Daily News,
Moscow, Idaho Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110307-1MW-EDITORIAL-In-Idaho-when-is-a-Republican-sufficiently-Republican-201
10307

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MW


                    Copyright 2011 Moscow-Pullman Daily News


                              522 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      November 20, 1998 Friday 2D EDITION

Testimony unlikely to sway many, Colo. lawmakers say

BYLINE: By Charles Davant, States News Service

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-16

LENGTH: 326 words


WASHINGTON - Colorado lawmakers said independent counsel Kenneth Starr's
appearance before the House Judiciary Committee on Thursday is unlikely to sway
public opinion in favor of removing President Clinton from office.

But the televised hearing might change the way Americans view Starr, some House
members said.

"On the committee there are few members that don't have an opinion in solid
concrete about Ken Starr," said Rep.-elect Tom Tancredo, a Golden Republican.
"The American public watching this thing, however, will have a chance to see Ken
Starr as something other than the demonized aggressor. I think that's good,
because he's not that."    "His presentation shows a methodical investigatory
process, which may put to rest fears of those who believe the typical witchhunt
theory," he said. "He is a very calm and credible witness."

Rep. Joel Hefley, a Colorado Springs Republican, said, "It appears that Ken
Starr is being thorough and sincere in his testimony."

Denver Democrat Diana DeGette agreed that Starr's appearance on television may
humanize him for the public. But she said it was unlikely to provoke a major
change in public opinion, which has been critical of the independent counsel.

"I think the response from the public will be a collective yawn," she said.
"We're hearing nothing new here. The American public has made up its mind."

House Republicans and Democrats have diverging opinions on whether the president
should be allowed to complete his term.

Rep.-elect Mark Udall, a Boulder Democrat, called the investigation into whether
Clinton used his office improperly and obstructed justice "clearly something the
American people want to put behind them."

Fort Collins Republican Bob Schaffer, on the other hand, said, "There is no
question in the minds of most sensible Americans that this president ought to be
replaced."

Republican Rep. Scott McInnis, of Grand Junction, could not be reached for
comment.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1998 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 21, 2015 Friday
                                 Met 2 Edition

A long Windy City goodbye?

BYLINE: Krissah Thompson

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1596 words


The couple, who are away on Martha's Vineyard for their sixth vacation there in
recent years, have made places other than Chicago their retreats from the hot
light of Washington. They will have spent 16 days on the Vineyard, off
Massachusetts, before returning to Washington this weekend. They have not spent
extended time in Chicago, and in the past seven years, their longtime home has
played more of a peripheral role.

The places that have become associated with the Obamas when they are looking for
downtime are known as retreats for the wealthy and famous. One is the Vineyard,
where they are renting a large compound and escape for private dinners with
friends. The president golfs, reads, picks up ice cream with his daughters and
the entire family often goes on bike rides.

They also have traveled to the Coachella Valley in California. Michelle Obama
was there this summer, in Thunderbird Heights, a community where she and her
husband have stayed previously, according to local news reports. The repeated
trips to the valley prompted inevitable speculation about whether she was house
shopping there. "It's her second [visit] in a little more than a year and could
add more fuel to rumors that the power couple may ultimately move to the
Coachella Valley," the Desert Sun reported.

Each Christmas, the Obamas head to the president's native state of Hawaii, a
longtime tradition. Thanksgiving has been spent in Washington for the past
several years when their large extended family comes to the White House for the
holiday.

The first couple's go-to weekend getaway destinations have been New York, where
Michelle Obama has attended Broadway shows, and Florida, where the president has
spent time golfing. The Obamas have begun to tell friends that they plan to make
the Big Apple their home, said Peter Slevin, author of "Michelle Obama: A Life"
and a Chicago resident.

"They've probably outgrown Chicago socially and professionally," said Slevin,
who interviewed many of the family's associates. "Chicago can't hold them."

New York holds sway

Chicago did, however, help shape them. Michelle Obama was back home this summer
to speak at a high school graduation and reminded the students in the audience
that she was once one of them.

"I am who I am today because of this community," she said at the ceremony, held
at Chicago State University.

The president, who served as a U.S. senator from Illinois, also spoke movingly
about the role Chicago played in his personal story when the couple announced in
May that his presidential library and foundation will be built in the city.

"All the strands of my life came together and I really became a man when I moved
to Chicago," Obama said in the announcement video. "That's where I was able to
apply that early idealism to try to work in communities in public service.
That's where I met my wife. That's where my children were born, and the people
there, the community, the lessons that I learned, they are all based right in
these few square miles."

The library is a coup for the city, but it doesn't necessarily mean the first
family will reestablish its home life in town. In some ways, Chicago's rhythms
have become distant to the Obamas, who have flown there mostly for brief stints
- to attend a wedding and a funeral, to take in a concert, and to campaign for
candidates.

Still, Chicago is a pretty big city; it's hardly Little Rock, which the Clintons
largely abandoned after the White House. Why not just go back home?

New York appears to hold sway for personal and professional reasons.

Barack Obama spent time there while completing his undergraduate degree at
Columbia and has written that his time in the city was transformational. His
foundation will have a presence in New York as well as Hawaii.

Michelle Obama has established her own professional and personal connections in
New York. She spoke this year at the opening ceremony of the Whitney Museum of
American Art and attended the ribbon-cutting ceremony for the Metropolitan
Museum of Art's Anna Wintour Costume Center, where she hugged the teary-eyed
Vogue editor.

Those kinds of connections could prove helpful in the couple's next act.
Additionally, the president and first lady have playfully groused about the
harsh Chicago winters.

White House aides are reluctant to speak publicly about the Obamas' future. They
would like the conversation to remain focused on the president's remaining 16
months in office. But surely the planning has begun. Already, the couple have
said they are likely to remain in Washington after the president's term ends in
January 2017. Their youngest daughter, Sasha, will still be in high school and
they do not want to uproot her.

Other presidents have left Washington quickly. Tradition holds that as new
commanders in chief are inaugurated, the outgoing ones are ferried by helicopter
to Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland and hustled back home, where they live
under Secret Service protection. For most heads of state, it was clear where
they would be going. Jimmy Carter returned to Georgia; Ronald Reagan to
California.

George W. Bush and his wife, Laura, flew to Dallas, where they have been
surrounded by longtime friends in a suburban neighborhood. Initially, Bush
suggested to Laura that they make their home in Crawford, Tex., where they had
built the ranch that served as their retreat from the White House. She nudged
him toward a lifestyle that was a tad more cosmopolitan, but both were content
to return to their home state.

Bill Clinton and Hillary Rodham Clinton, who is running for president, opted to
relocate to New York, where she built her political career and he built the
family's foundation.

The Obamas have indicated that they plan to remain active after they leave the
White House, adopting a model that is more activist (like the Clintons) than
reserved (like the Bushes). However, it is unlikely that their Chicago ties will
be cut as quickly as the Clintons' ties to Little Rock were. Much of Michelle
Obama's family remains there, as do the causes that ignited Barack Obama's
political career.

Even if they spend more time elsewhere, they may keep a Chicago address.

Rooted in city's history

Does the decision the Obamas make in the coming months about where to live even
matter now? Everyone exists in the cloud, right? You carry your office with you
in the phone in your pocket. The couple did virtually take Chicago with them to
the White House. Michelle Obama's mother relocated to help care for their two
daughters. Their longtime personal trainer began holding sessions for them at
the White House. The first lady's hairstylist, also from Chicago, has traveled
the world with her. Friends from back home found jobs in Washington - some at
the White House.

Surely the same kind of accommodations could be made wherever the Obamas
eventually land.

That is Marcia Chatelain's hope. The professor, who is teaching history and
African American studies at Georgetown University, is a native of Chicago and
the author of "South Side Girls: Growing Up in the Great Migration," a book that
looks at Chicago's great migration from the perspective of black girls. Chicago
has made its mark on the Obamas regardless of whether they return permanently,
she said.

"Barack Obama's embrace of Chicago and Michelle Obama's pride in the South Side
of Chicago has planted them firmly in the city's history and their legacy will
continue for generations," Chatelain said in an e-mail. "I think they provided
an education to the nation about the richness of the South Side of Chicago,
despite its many challenges, and they also shed light on a black, upwardly
mobile population that is invisible to many Americans, but has long shaped the
city. No matter where their mailing address is, they will have a global impact
and the very best of what they have to offer is rooted in Chicago."

Timuel Black, a longtime Hyde Park resident who was an early supporter of Barack
Obama's political career, also says Chicago's place in the Obama story is
secure. Black, who is 96, helped introduce Obama to ministers in the area when
the young man was establishing himself as a community leader. A retired
community activist and advocate of Hyde Park-Kenwood, Black has a hard time
believing the Obamas will not come back.

"The history of the Obamas in Hyde Park is a permanent kind of thing, and a
reminder that in this South Side community there were always opportunities for
aspiring young people as the Obamas were and enough support to encourage them,"
Black said. "When [the Obamas] come home to visit, they'll come here."

In an article she wrote for More magazine this summer, Michelle Obama reminisced
over a photo of her family sitting on the porch of their Chicago home just
before her husband's 2008 presidential campaign began. Her daughters were then
young girls in ponytails.

"We have really fond memories of Chicago, and some of our best friends still
live in the area," she wrote. "This is still home for us."

But, the old truism remains: You can't go home again.

krissah.thompson@washpost.com

Susan Walsh

AP

President Obama and first lady Michelle Obama wave from the top of Air Force One
at Andrews Air Force Base, Md. Where they will live after his term is up has
become a topic of discission.

Charles Rex Arbogast

ASSOCIATED PRESS

A 3,000-pound granite marker sits at the corner of Dorchester and 53rd Streets
in Hyde Park marking where President Obama first kissed first lady Michele
Obama.

Matt McClain

The Washington Post

Remnants of the Obamas are visible throughout Chicago, including this mural in
the Rogers Park neighborhood.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              March 6, 2006 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Mazzone Rocks Around The Clock

BYLINE: Thomas Boswell

SECTION: Sports; E01 , THOMAS BOSWELL

LENGTH: 1123 words

DATELINE: VIERA, Fla.


Leo Mazzone sat in the Orioles' dugout at 11 a.m. on Sunday. The pitching coach
was already swaying, back to front, as he perched on the bench. Leo, chill, the
game doesn't start for two hours. Save the famous Mazzone mojo magic for a tight
spot.

"The World Baseball Classic has four of my five starting pitchers. I can't work
with my own rotation until they get back," grumped Mazzone. Sometimes, you've
just got to start worrying and incanting to the baseball gods a little early in
the day.

A few feet away, Orioles Manager Sam Perlozzo was standing and talking about
Mazzone, his lifelong "best friend." The pair grew up together in Cumberland,
Md., then throughout their lives kept crossing paths on the baseball trail,
always vowing that someday, somehow, they'd end up on the same team. Perlozzo
was even the best man at Mazzone's wedding.

Imperceptibly at first, then more markedly as he talked, Perlozzo began to sway
from side to side, shifting his weight from one foot to the other, as he talked
about Mazzone. Is this snake-charming habit contagious?

"Sammy, you can't sway when you talk about Leo," somebody teased Perlozzo.

"When we're on the bench sitting next to each other, sometimes I catch myself
swaying back and forth, just like he does," Perlozzo said. "I've got to stop
that." Otherwise the cameramen, then the comedians will have a field day: Will
the Orioles be the first team to have Bobble Head Day and give away the real
manager and pitching coach?

The Orioles arrived here to play the Nationals for the first of 11 times this
season  --  five of them in the exhibition season. A Battle of the Beltways? Get
serious. These teams have far too much to worry about to start worrying about
each other, especially the Orioles, who haven't matched the Nationals' .500
record in '05 in their last eight seasons.

When you're coming off 74-88 and the pitching coach is your major offseason
acquisition, you've got plenty on your mind. At least, in the Orioles' case,
they have two first-rate baseball minds  --  in Perlozzo and Mazzone  --
working on the problems. Perlozzo may be a remarkable upgrade over Lee Mazzilli,
who had to rely on his subordinates to lip-sync strategy for him so much that he
became known as Milli Mazzilli.

With the Braves, Mazzone helped produce the No. 1 or No. 2 pitching staff in the
National League in 12 of the last 14 seasons. Mazzone became so famous, often at
the expense of low-key Atlanta Manager Bobby Cox, that the issue of celebrity
coach may have loosened the Mazzone-Braves bond.

However, the true key to the Orioles landing Mazzone was his friendship with
Perlozzo, stretching back to high school days, when Mazzone was a baseball rival
of one of Perlozzo's older brothers. The Orioles have one obvious potential
strength  --  a five-man pitching rotation that is young, only half-developed,
but might become extremely good. Enter Mazzone, who deliberately keeps a low
profile these days, deflecting attention to his old buddy who waited so long for
his first chance to be a major league manager. True to type, Perlozzo couldn't
care less. He's always been understatedly confident in himself and just shifts
the focus back on Mazzone.

"Leo says he thinks that Daniel Cabrera [10-13, 4.52 ERA] can be a number one
starter on a pennant-winning team and that Erik Bedard [6-8, 4.00] can be a
number two on a pennant-winning team," Perlozzo says. "We'll see. We certainly
think they have the potential to be outstanding pitchers."

The 6-foot-7 Cabrera and Bedard are vital because the starters behind them  --
Rodrigo Lopez (15-12, 4.90), Bruce Chen (13-10, 3.83) and Kris Benson (10-8,
4.13 with the Mets)  --  are remarkably talented, as long as they comprise the
back end of a rotation.

So, can Cabrera, who sometimes throws 100 mph, and the smooth southpaw Bedard
become the Baltimore equivalents of John Smoltz and Tom Glavine? At 24 and 26,
they're no longer "young phenoms." It's time for both to mature, stay healthy
and produce.

"All I know is when Leo talks to our pitchers, I see a whole lot of listening,"
Perlozzo said.

What they hear from Mazzone is often baseball heresy. "What do you throw on the
first pitch if the scouting report says, 'First-pitch fastball hitter,' "
Mazzone will ask. If you answer, "Anything but a fastball," Mazzone may say,
"No! Throw him a fastball, but on the low outside corner. Get him to roll over
on it [trying to pull the ball] and get a groundout on one pitch."

Much of Mazzone sounds odd at first, then logical upon reflection. To wit, his
relievers throw every day of the season unless common sense (a long stint the
previous night) dictates otherwise. However, they just don't throw particularly
hard.

"Regulated intensity" is the mantra, Mazzone says. Loosen up a little, throw a
few pitches to precise spots at, perhaps, three-quarters effort, then "spin a
few balls" to keep your sense of touch and command of your breaking pitches.
That's enough, Mazzone says, because it "keeps you sharp."

How can you learn to pitch with consistent command unless you practice
frequently? Hitters take batting practice every day, don't they? "Our starters
will now throw twice between starts, not once," Perlozzo said.

In Atlanta, Mazzone's starters were seldom injured and usually pitch-count
efficient. Frequent throwing seemed to build arm strength, in part because
maximum effort was saved for game use only.

Mazzone is replacing one of the best pitching coaches of the last 30 years in
Ray Miller, who is recovering from offseason heart surgery. In most cases, what
Miller couldn't teach about pitching wasn't going to get learned. All offseason,
Perlozzo called Miller to check on his improving health and spirits. But it was
obvious that, with the loss of Miller, the need for Mazzone was even greater.

"For years we'd say, 'One of these days we'll sit back and finish our careers
together,' " Perlozzo said. "But I still wondered 'Will he really leave the
Braves? After 14 division titles in a row?' " Twice, Perlozzo phoned Mazzone to
argue against him accepting his offer. "I don't want you sitting next to me next
year having regrets," Perlozzo said. The second time he said it, Mazzone
responded, "What are you talking about?"

"You're my best friend," Perlozzo said. "I can't have that hanging over my head.
It's not worth it if you end up not being happy that you did it."

Mazzone got so silent on the phone that his fiancee called out, "What's the
matter?"

"He's worried about me being happy," barked the brusque Mazzone, who acts like
happiness would give him a rash.

"It's done. I'm coming," he told Perlozzo. "Now don't ask me about it no more."

So, let the swaying begin.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              525 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              October 31, 2000, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Tougher tone, faster pace

BYLINE: TIM NICKENS; BILL ADAIR

SECTION: NATIONAL; ELECTION 2000; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1257 words

DATELINE: BURBANK, Calif.



Frantically trying to break open a toss-up race, candidates scurry from coast to
coast to sway voters in the final week.

George W. Bush says Al Gore can't bring people together. Gore says Bush "could
drive our economy into the ditch."

As the Texas governor and the vice president kicked off their final frenzied
week of campaigning, the pace appeared quicker Monday and the attacks sharper as
the candidates rallied supporters and tried to sway undecided voters who could
break open the tightest race in decades.

The back-to-back appearances by the candidates on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno
may be the only levity for the week. When Leno put on a Bush Halloween mask
Monday night, Bush put on a Gore mask.

"Now that's scary," the Texas governor joked.

Bush also had a message for younger brother and Florida Gov. Jeb Bush about the
importance of delivering Florida.

"He recognizes that Thanksgiving might be a little chilly if things don't go
well," the Texas governor said. "No pressure, brother."

Gore gets his turn on Leno tonight.

After making two stops in New Mexico, where the race for the state's five
electoral votes is considered a toss-up, Bush held two raucous rallies Monday
night in California.

"People forget I'm from the West - West Texas," Bush joked with Republican
supporters at a rally in Burbank. "Now that isn't exactly California, but it's a
heck of a lot closer than Washington (D.C.)."

In fact, this beginning of the end game is playing out in states that usually
vote Democratic.

Bush is branching out and trying to force Gore to spend time and money to court
electoral votes he should have locked up by now. Gore is trying to prevent the
poaching.

Gore scrapped a planned boat trip across Lake Michigan over the weekend and
adjusted his schedule so he could head west as well. He spent Monday in Michigan
and Wisconsin, two toss-up states that President Clinton won four years ago,
before heading first to Oregon and then on to California today. He will fly all
night tonight to Florida for appearances in Orlando and Tampa on Wednesday.

In its final days, this is clearly a race - from coast to coast.

Gore turns up the volume

Gore has been campaigning virtually around the clock, taking advantage of time
zone changes to pack more events into every day.

The Gore crowds have been huge and loud. Sunday night, more than 15,000 people
turned out in Muskegon, Mich. In East Lansing, Mich., the crowd wanted the Kiss.

Not just any kiss, but another face-mashing, cheek-twisting maneuver like the
one at the Democratic convention.

"Kiss him?" Tipper Gore asked the crowd of auto workers, laborers and Michigan
State students. The crowd roared.

And so they kissed. It was not quite the steamy vice presidential face-lock from
L.A., but more than you usually see at a Democratic political gathering.

"How was that?" Tipper asked, and the crowd cheered.

The kiss has become a regular feature in the vice president's campaign, a symbol
of Gore's new passion. During a bus tour through Michigan and Wisconsin Sunday
and Monday, Gore kissed and shouted and pleaded. He railed at HMOs and drug
companies and "special interests." At one point, when Tipper mentioned how
passionate her husband had become, the vice president jokingly fanned her with a
Gore-Lieberman sign to cool her down.

Suddenly, it seems the Tin Man has a heart.

"I will fight for you!" he hollered. "I will work hard for you every day!"

In Michigan and Wisconsin, Gore turned up the volume on his populism.

"I still believe, deep down in my heart," he hollered in East Lansing, "that
this country is better off when the working people and the middle class families
have a government that is led by somebody who has a passion to fight for the
people that most need help!"

He confessed that populism didn't always work. Sometimes, a president follows
the popular will and "promises the moon," he said. But Democrats "have found a
way to balance this concern for working people with economic common sense."

Gore kept up his criticism of Bush, saying the nation was "at a fork in the
road. We can go the right way, or we can make a U-turn and go back to the old
ways."

  He said the Supreme Court is at risk because the next president is likely to
appoint as many as five new justices.  Gore turned Bush's own phrases against
him, saying the Texas governor was practicing "fuzzy math" with his Social
Security proposal.

 Just as Bush portrays Gore as hostage to special interests, Gore said Bush
"gives in to the powerful interests" and had tailored his tax plan to help the
rich.

Bush keeps up attack

Bush bounded up the steps of his 757 campaign plane as the sun rose Monday in
Austin and pronounced himself "as energized as I can be." But his delivery was
flat at the first two stops in Albuquerque, N.M., where the yellow fall leaves
brightened the brown landscape.

Despite reading from TelePrompTers in an airport hangar, Bush stumbled over his
words several times during a speech that read better than it sounded. He even
got one of his standard lines backward, declaring "Gore is for the people" when
he meant to say the vice president is for the government and he is for the
people.

Even Bush caught that one.

"There I go again," he said, as the crowd of several thousand laughed.

The Texas governor talked of "bringing America together" to work toward common
goals and vowed to unite members of both parties in Washington.

"This election has many issues, but one great question and it is this," Bush
said quietly in the hangar. "Can we bring America together, move beyond the
petty arguments, and real results for the American people? This is the question
the American people must answer. And if they answer the question yes, we will
win."

  Bush repeatedly portrayed Gore as a politician who will say anything to get
elected and who pits one group of Americans against another on issues ranging
from education to tax cuts to Social Security.

"He talks of "ripping the lungs out' of political opponents," Bush said. "He
scares the elderly for political gain. His campaign attacks are designed to
spread falsehood and cynicism. If you try to win at any cost, the price is high:
You lose your ability to inspire our people and lead a nation."

That did not prevent the Texas governor from taking shots at Gore. He contended
the vice president's plan to offer matching money for new retirement investment
accounts separate from Social Security would require future generations to pay
"massive new taxes."

Bush also defended his education initiative that would require annual testing of
students and hold schools accountable for the results. A study by the Rand Corp.
released last week concluded that state tests taken by Texas students
artificially inflate their progress because the students are not doing as well
on national tests.

Bush dismissed criticism about teachers teaching to a test. "Teaching a child to
read, teaching a child to comprehend, is not teaching to a test," he told about
200 listeners at an elementary school outside Albuquerque. "It is teaching a
child so a child can pass a reading comprehension test."

Today, Bush travels to Oregon and Washington before heading to Minnesota on
Wednesday. Those states have voted Democratic in recent presidential elections.
But there is a concern among some Democrats that Green Party candidate Ralph
Nader is siphoning so many liberal voters away from Gore that Bush may pick off
one or two of those states.


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Associated Press, (2); COLOR PHOTO, (2); BLACK AND WHITE
PHOTO, Associated Press; Texas Gov. George W. Bush stays positive as crowds
cheer outside Bosque Farms Elementary School in New Mexico.; Vice President Al
Gore and running mate Joseph Lieberman run along the streets of Chilton, Wis.,
to greet supporters.; Barbara and Jeb Bush; Jimmy Buffett; Jay Leno displays a
mock newspaper headline while chatting with Gov. George W. Bush on the Tonight
Show with Jay Leno.

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              526 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           September 1, 2005 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

PLUMBING COMPANY SOLD

SECTION: CAPITAL REGION BUSINESS JOURNAL; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 1143 words


Columbia County

Golz Heating and Air Conditioning of Portage has been purchased by Terrytown
Plumbing in Baraboo, said owner Gary Kowalke.

The new business, Terrytown Portage Plumbing, Heating and Cooling, is based off
Highway 51 in the former Moore's Center on the south side of Portage. The
4,000-square-foot facility opened in June.

"We are honoring any service contract that was paid for but wasn't completed to
make sure no one was left on the short end of the stick," said Tom Fisk, who was
one of the Golz employees to stay on with the new business.

Terrytown Plumbing in Baraboo started in 1979 and employs 20 people.

DANE COUNTY

Middleton companies merge

Two small Middleton firms have merged. Sway Connection Marketing has acquired
Pike + Company, a 19-year-old design firm.

With annual revenues of about $500,000, Sway focuses on nontraditional
advertising such as Web logs and video with clients that include Berbee
Information Networks and Charter Communications. Pike + Company has annual
revenues of nearly $1 million, said Jason Weaver, Sway's chief executive
officer. The combined company will have six full-time and two part-time
employees and will occupy the Pike + Company offices at 1350 Deming Way.

DODGE COUNTY

Westra Construction closes

Westra Construction, a Waupun-based national construction company, closed its
doors in July after nearly 60 years in business.

The closing stunned many employees, though they said the company recently had
laid off some workers. Seventy-six lost their jobs.

"This will have a big effect on Waupun," said Mayor Jodi Steger.

The business was started in 1948 by William Westra and his son Dewey. The
employee-owned company had locations in Waupun, Phoenix, Ariz., and Harrisburg,
Pa., according to its Web site. It was unclear how many jobs were lost at the
offices outside Wisconsin.

Beaver Dam could get Menards

A Menards home improvement center could be destined for Beaver Dam.

Members of the Menard family have shown an interest in building a store on the
city's north side, said Mayor Jack Hankes.

The possible site is east of Frances Lane and north of Highway B, just east of
the new Wal-Mart Supercenter and Frances Court strip mall.

"Menards has approached the city regarding the location of a store here," said
Hankes, but negotiations are still in the preliminary stages.

GREEN COUNTY

Farm-supply firm honored

A South Wayne farm-supply company was honored for its environmental stewardship.

Greg's Feed & Seed received the Environmental Respect Award for 2005, sponsored
by DuPont Crop Protection and CropLife magazine. The company was honored for
exceeding local, state and federal regulations in its package warehouse design,
never transferring bulk products unless over a load pad and loading and
unloading products over concrete. The company was also recognized for storing
its equipment indoors to prevent soil contamination.

IOWA COUNTY

Dodgeville plans Supercenter

Plans are moving forward for a Wal-Mart Supercenter in Dodgeville.

The city approved architectural plans for the 155,000-square-foot store earlier
this summer and construction could start by October, said Randy Edge, city
assessor. Edge said that since the land is already zoned for limited industrial
use and the city has no big-box ordinance, no further approval is required from
the city. Dodgeville already has a regular Wal-Mart store.

The store would be located in the northeastern corner of the city, north of
Highway 18 and south of Leffler Street.

Edge said the store could be open by fall 2006.

Cheesemaker takes top prize

A Wisconsin farmstead cheesemaker won "Best of Show" at the 22nd annual American
Cheese Society annual competition in Louisville, Ky., in July.

Mike Gingrich of Uplands Cheese Co., Dodgeville, took top honors for his
Pleasant Ridge Reserve, a Beaufort-style cheese.

The contest, which had 749 entries, included cheesemakers from 26 states and
Canada.

Sid Cook of Carr Valley Cheese in LaValle won 20 awards for his cheeses. Other
area winners included Cedar Grove Cheese, Plain; Crave Brothers Farmstead
Cheese, Waterloo; DCI Cheese Co., Mayville; Family Fresh Pack, Belleville;
Lactalis USA-Belmont, Belmont; Maple Leaf Cheese Co., Monroe; Organic Valley, La
Farge; and Roth Kase USA, Monroe.

JEFFERSON COUNTY

Senior center to be condos

A local builder has purchased a Jefferson senior living center with plans to
renovate the building into condominiums, apartments and industrial space.

According to a press release from Colliers Barry, a Milwaukee property
management company, Brian Johnson purchased the 200,000-square-foot center at
1425 Wisconsin Drive from Jefferson County.

LAFAYETTE COUNTY

Japanese learn about honey

A group of Japanese business people visited Wisconsin in July on a sweet
mission: to meet with Wisconsin honey producers and packers.

The delegation focused on the purity of Wisconsin honey and how it is used in
the state's restaurants, stores and food processing plants.

The group visited Howery Honey Farm in Darlington and Willow Creek Apiaries in
Potosi as part of its trip.

ROCK COUNTY

GM plant called vulnerable

The General Motors plant in Janesville is on a short list of automotive plants
that could be endangered by further oil price hikes, according to a study
released in late July.

The study by the University of Michigan's Transportation Research Institute and
the Natural Resources Defense Council, said 16 plants of the Big Three
automakers are the most vulnerable to cutbacks, including those that produce
sport utility vehicles in Janesville; Oklahoma City; Arlington, Texas; and
Moraine, Ohio.

"Given the precarious situation of the automakers, they cannot afford to ignore
fuel economy," said Roland Hawang of the Natural Resources Defense Council and
one of the study's authors.

If the cost of a barrel of oil rises to $80 or $100, possibly due to a supply
disruption, gas prices would reach $2.86 to $3.37, according to the study, which
may be enough to drive down demand for SUVs and larger pickup trucks.

Como works with NASA

The space shuttle, which returned to space in July, is getting a little help
from a Janesville company. Como Industrial Equipment provides oil-filtration
equipment for the NASA Glen Research Center's Electric Propulsion Laboratory.
The laboratory's vacuum chambers simulate space flights to test hardware and
other equipment. Como has had the NASA contract for more than five years.

SAUK COUNTY

Circus World chief resigns

Circus World President and CEO Larry Fisher resigned July 21, a day after the
board of directors announced a projected year-end shortfall of at least
$500,000.

Board Chairwoman Renee Boldt said Fisher announced his resignation at a staff
meeting. "(He said) because of the continuing frustration over the financial
situation at the Baraboo museum that he has decided to resign his post as
president and CEO and pursue other interests," Boldt said.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Digest

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              527 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                 April 29, 2005

Corporate Kindness for Congress;
TYLER, TOO

BYLINE: Gus Tyler

SECTION: The Shmooze; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 403 words


In January, when much of America was exposed to freezing cold and fierce winds,
Tom DeLay, leader of the Republican Party in the House of Representatives, took
off for Hawaii with his wife. Their five-day junket was no ordinary trip: They
checked in at the most expensive quarters; Tom played golf on a course designed
by Arnold Palmer. The cost of the five-day indulgence came to $10.000 dollars,
or $2,000 a day.

But that didn't bother the DeLays, because they did not pay a penny of the
expenses. Corporations and trade organizations that represent American airports
and airlines covered all costs. DeLay was not the only legislator present who
enjoyed this "free lunch"; more than 40 lawmakers and staff were beneficiaries
of the same corporate kindness. The only thing expected from these guests was
that they participate in the discussions that took place at the gathering.

Our source of information for this revealing information is a front-page story
in The Wall Street Journal with a headline reading, "More Lawmakers Take Trips
Funded by Corporations." The subhead explains why: "Businesses Find New Ways To
Sway Congress Members After Finance Reform, Rep. DeLay Heads to Hawaii."

The airlines and airport industry are not the only ones to indulge in these "new
ways to 'sway'" legislators: The medical industry spent $117,000 on this in 2000
and more than doubled the sum in 2004; the finance business spent $245,000 in
2000 and increased it to $502,000 in 2004; the telecom and high-tech business
spent $377,000 in 2000 and raised it to $759,000 in 2004; the transportation
industry spent $321,00 in 200 and raised the amount to $348,000 in 2004;
agribusiness spent $256,000 in 2000 and lifted it slightly to $298,000 in 2004.
The energy industry spent $505,000 in 2000 and reduced its outlay to $406,000 in
2004. Roughly, from 2000 to 2004 the total outlay to sway lawmakers at the
federal level doubled.

Not all the subsidized luxury travel is limited to the United States. The U.S.
Chamber of Commerce has flown more than a dozen House and Senate staff members
to the Dominican Republic. The object, ostensibly, was to "educate" them as to
what was going on in trade with the Caribbean.

The Wall Street Journal refers, sarcastically, to this procedure in order to
persuade members and staff of Congress as "educational travel," a truly clever
euphemism for what in commoner circles would be called "bribery."

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2005 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 6, 2012 Thursday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Obama Counting on Clinton to Help Sway Independent Voters

BYLINE: By CARL HULSE and JEFF ZELENY

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; National Desk; Pg.

LENGTH: 1381 words


CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- Former President Bill Clinton tried to rebut Republican
arguments against the re-election of President Obama in a major speech at the
Democratic National Convention Wednesday night, saying Mr. Obama has taken steps
to turn around an economy left in shambles by Republicans.

''In Tampa, the Republican argument against the president's re-election was
pretty simple: We left him a total mess, he hasn't finished cleaning it up yet,
so fire him and put us back in,'' Mr. Clinton said.

''I like the argument for President Obama's re-election a lot better,'' Mr.
Clinton said. ''He inherited a deeply damaged economy, he put a floor under the
crash - he began the long hard road to recovery, and laid the foundation for a
more modern, more well-balanced economy that will produce millions of good new
jobs, vibrant new businesses, and lots of new wealth for the innovators.''

Mr. Clinton described Mr. Obama as a man who is ''cool on the inside,'' but who
''burns for America on the outside.'' And in one of his most well-received
lines, he said, ''I want a man who had the good sense to marry Michele Obama."

The Clinton speech took on added weight since Mr. Obama, despite some
differences with the former president in the 2008 election, is looking to his
predecessor to sway Democrats and independents who remain uncertain about their
vote. Mr. Obama was set to appear on stage with Mr. Clinton.

''The most important question is, what kind of country do you want to live in?''
Mr. Clinton asked in his speech. ''If you want a you're-on-your-own,
winner-take-all society, you should support the Republican ticket. If you want a
country of shared prosperity and shared responsibility -- a
we're-all-in-this-together society -- you should vote for Barack Obama and Joe
Biden.''

Mr. Clinton's speech followed an address by Elizabeth Warren, the Massachusetts
Senate candidate who assailed oil companies and Wall Street executives by
saying, ''People feel like the system is rigged against them. And here's the
painful part: they're right. The system is rigged.'' And before that, Sandra
Fluke, the Georgetown law graduate who came to embody the fight over employer
health insurance coverage, appeared in a prime-time speaking slot, highlighting
how Democrats were fully embracing social issues and abortion rights as they
seek to draw female voters.

Earlier, Mr. Obama arrived in Charlotte as threats of bad weather led convention
organizers to move his acceptance speech on Thursday from the outdoor venue of
the Bank of America Stadium to the arena where the rest of the week's convention
events are being held.

The president traveled on Air Force One from Washington as his party gathered in
Charlotte, which was spared from rain for the first time in days. However,
organizers cited the threat of potentially bad storms in abandoning their plans
to hold the last night of the convention in the stadium.

Jen Psaki, a campaign spokeswoman, said organizers feared that they would have
had to evacuate the stadium if a dangerous storm approached and that the
president was disappointed with the outcome.

''We're all disappointed, because we had 65,000 ticket holders plus 19,000
people who were on the waiting list, excited to hear him deliver his speech
tomorrow night,'' Ms. Psaki said. ''This isn't a call we wanted to make.''

The decision to keep the convention indoors is a disappointment to the Obama
campaign and means that Mr. Obama will not recreate the scene of the 2008
convention speech he gave in a Denver football stadium packed with cheering
supporters -- a signature moment for the campaign.

''We have been monitoring weather forecasts closely, and several reports predict
thunderstorms in the area, therefore we have decided to move Thursday's
proceedings to Time Warner Cable Arena to ensure the safety and security of our
delegates and convention guests,'' said Steve Kerrigan, who is overseeing the
convention for the Democrats. ''The energy and enthusiasm for our convention in
Charlotte has been overwhelming, and we share the disappointment of over 65,000
people who signed up for community credentials to be there with the president in
person.''

Despite the abrupt shift in plans, Democrats believed they were off to a strong
start with their convention, and that the lineup of speakers on Tuesday night,
led by the first lady, Michelle Obama, had roused the audience and television
viewers for what promises to be a hard-fought final two months of the campaign
between the president and the Republican candidate, Mitt Romney.

''This is what this convention is all about,'' said Valerie Jarrett, a senior
adviser to the president, in an appearance on MSNBC. ''It gives us an
opportunity to really crystallize for the American people this stark contrast.
And it's their choice what direction we want to go forward.

''So at the end of the week, I think we will have told a very effective story
that should help not just galvanize our base, but galvanize our country,'' Ms.
Jarrett said.

The campaign had hoped to recreate the excitement of Denver, when an
enthusiastic throng embraced the president at the climax of the convention four
years ago. That event drew ridicule from Republicans who derided it as an
over-the-top setting with its stage framed by Greek columns. Republicans
immediately sought to turn this week's change in venue against the Democrats.

''The Democrats continue to downgrade convention events due to lack of
enthusiasm -- this time they are moving out of Bank of America/Panther
stadium,'' began a statement from the Republican National Committee put out
within minutes of the announcement. ''Problems filling the seats?''

Convention organizers needed to make a decision Wednesday because of the
logistics of moving the convention and its large news media contingent to the
stadium, used by the Carolina Panthers.

Both parties have been troubled by bad weather at their respective conventions.
Hurricane Isaac forced the cancellation of the first day of the Republican
convention last week in Tampa, Fla., and it has rained steadily here in
Charlotte, leaving conventiongoers soaked or covered in rain gear and the
organizers fretting about the potential for lightning at the outdoor arena in
the heart of the city.

The party had been reluctant to move the speech since the stadium allowed them
to build a crowd of as many as 65,000 people and distribute thousands of tickets
to Obama supporters in a state the campaign would sorely like to win a second
time.

Mr. Kerrigan said those ''community credential holders'' would be able to listen
to the president on a special conference call Thursday.

''We will work with the campaign to ensure that those unable to attend
tomorrow's event will be invited to see the president between now and Election
Day,'' he said.

Campaign officials had hoped that a packed stadium rally would answer the
lingering concerns that the energy around Mr. Obama's re-election bid is less
than that for his race four years ago.

A day after Jim Messina, the campaign manager, pledged to go forward with the
outdoor speech ''rain or shine -- unless there's a safety issue,'' organizers
concluded Wednesday morning that the weather was too unpredictable. The campaign
dismissed suggestions that it would have had trouble filling the seats, which
were distributed to people who volunteered on the campaign or waited in line for
hours to get tickets.

Four years ago, Mr. Obama became the third major presidential candidate to leave
the site of his convention to give an acceptance speech at a stadium. Organizers
planned that speech after John F. Kennedy's appearance in 1960 at the Los
Angeles Memorial Coliseum, the only other such address to be held in an outdoor
stadium in the modern television era.

Here in North Carolina, the outdoor speech was always risky, considering
summertime rain and thunderstorms are far more common than in Denver. In 2008,
the campaign produced a raft of meteorological data showing it had rained on the
date of the speech, Aug. 28, only once in 20 years.

But Mr. Messina and other campaign officials had been committed to trying to
reprise the stadium rally here. A day before canceling the outdoor speech, he
told reporters: ''It's going to be a special moment, and we're really excited
about it.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/09/06/us/politics/obama-to-speak-indoors-because-of-
weather-threat.html

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              529 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday
                                 State Edition

Human Rights Campaign Gala goes all out

BYLINE: Michael Barnes American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 1090 words


The annual Human Rights Campaign Austin Gala Dinner is like no other event in
town.

First, it's large. Very large.

This year, it took up one of the biggest ballrooms at the super-sized JW
Marriott. And the benefit supports a wide-ranging national group. The Human
Rights Campaign, which advocates for the LGBT community, counts 1.5 million
members and a budget of around $50 million.

Last year, it shared in a huge legal victory when the U.S. Supreme Court decided
in favor of marriage equality. It is now pushing for, among other things, a
federal anti-discrimination law that would include sexual orientation and gender
identity.

While it doesn't attract the marquee celebrities of the HRC events in Los
Angeles, New York or Washington, D.C., the Austin dinner brings in the big guns
from the local LGBT community, along with its allies.

We were welcomed, for instance, by the eloquent duo of Suzanne Bryant and Sarah
Goodfriend, the first legally married gay couple in Texas. Giving the big
address was Chad Griffin, president of the HRC, who counted the group's wins and
losses.

The highlights, however, of every dinner are the two Visibility Awards, which
honor those who have employed their community's most effective tool for change:
coming out and staying out. Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo movingly presented
the local Bettie Naylor honor to peace officer Gregory Abbink, who came out as
transgender in April 2014. The national award was given to actor Guillermo Diaz,
perhaps best known for his recurring role as Huck on "Scandal."

That's not all. The organizers wisely chose buoyant comic Dana Goldberg to lead
the short live auction. Austin Mayor Steve Adler rose to give a resounding
speech - especially for such a normally reserved guy - thanking his sometime
speechwriter Steven Tomlinson and one of the architects of his campaign, Eugene
Sepulveda. Those two happen to be married to each other.

I got to spend time at their table with one of my all-time favorite actors, Beth
Broderick, also with hard-working eatery owner, Cameron Lockley, and with the
mayor's best ambassador, his accomplished wife, Diane Land.

Kaki Lima pop-up

Pop-up eateries proliferate in Austin. But why? To experiment? To offer variety?
To spice up a slow night? To preview a possible permanent kitchen?

Social eaters don't care in the end. They take it all in. Such was the case at
the Kaki Lima pop-up at Sway. The Boston-based husband-and-wife team behind the
Indonesian street-food fusion concept served 14 dishes from all over the
islands.

The regular Austin Sway servers - always knowledgeable about their Thai
inventions - couldn't readily explain the dishes, so diners at our communal
table had fun guessing with the program as a guide.

Vegetables played a large role, as did tropical fruit. Cayenne and sambal
provided the heat. In keeping with the Spice Islands that were represented here,
we enjoyed punches of clove, tamarind, tumeric, coriander and more. Two hints of
seafood appeared in the Udang Pacri Nanas appetizer and in the Krupuk -
addictive shrimp crackers.

Slow-cooked beef served over jasmine rice turned up as the entree. The dessert?
Coconut rendered three ways and rolled into a sort of crepe.

Is Austin ready for a steady diet of innovative Indonesian food? Who can say?
We've readily adapted to many a cuisine, if done right and presented
consistently.

CASAblanca

You rarely hear a discouraging word about Court Appointed Special Advocates of
Travis County. Except, perhaps, that they lack adequate resources to offer a
volunteer to help every abused or neglected young person enmeshed in the
judicial system. That's changing.

These days, 80 percent of those who are removed from homes earn a trained
volunteer - not a lawyer or social worker, per se - to observe the biological
family, relatives and others to help a judge decide where the kid belongs. The
process usually takes a year. But volunteers call it a life-changing experience.

One good sign: CASA's benefit events just keep growing. The latest CASAblanca
filled the fourth-floor banquet room at the JW Marriott. Spokeswoman Callie
Langford told me they wanted to raise $600,000 that night. When speakers rose to
talk, everyone fell silent. Not customary for Austin galas.

I caught up with the ever-evolving Steven Phenix, who seems to reinvent himself
every few years. Now he works for The Refuge, which gives hope to survivors of
sex trafficking, while volunteering for Bikers Against Child Abuse, which
protects children in ingenious ways.

Back on

My Feet Bash

They came in their running shoes. And their cocktail attire. Several hundred
backers of Back on My Feet, the group that helps the homeless through running,
gathered at the JW Marriott to toast its third anniversary in town.

Back on My Feet helps with health, employment and permanent housing. The Member
of the Year, Dorwin "Raymon" Hargrove, formerly homeless, was the subject of a
previous Out & About column.

This night, however, Hargrove was dressed in a snappy suit. He retains his job
at Magnolia Cafe, and hopes to regain his commercial driving license. Hargrove
spoke directly and forcefully about his life experiences. He told me personally
about running the Austin Half-Marathon the next day and how he could bring his
grandmother up from Houston to witness it.

Not coincidentally, the winner of the community honors was John Conley, retiring
head of the Austin Marathon and Half-Marathon. His deeds were propagated by
nonprofit treasure Kay Morris, founder of Marathon Kids, which gets hundreds of
thousands of kids to exercise and eat healthy.

Upbring Red Ball

Now that's what I call rebranding: The former Lutheran Social Services of Texas
is now Upbring. For many decades, the statewide charity battled the abuse and
neglect of children, especially through adoption and foster care. It now helps a
wide range of young people with issues of safety, education, vocation and life
skills.

To go with the new image, they threw a benefit at the always stylish Fair Market
to raise some $100,000 for their ongoing efforts. Some old-school benefactors
attended, but also a younger crowd that probably would not have been drawn to
LSS before.

I sat at a table of extremely bright conversationalists and heard from the
stage, not only from Upbring's energetic leadership, but from also two young
people whose redemption stories are exactly what makes people support groups
like this.

Huzzah for re-thinking and re-branding a veteran NGO!

Contact Michael Barnes at 512-445-3970 or mbarnes@statesman.com

Twitter: @outandabout

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 10, 2008 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

Tight race in Iowa could make ethanol a key issue;
Candidates' views on biofuels may sway undecideds

BYLINE: Grant Schulte

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 789 words


DES MOINES -- There are many things Bob Bowman will consider when he casts a
ballot in this year's presidential race.

The 58-year-old eastern Iowa farmer wants a strong free-trade advocate in the
White House. He wants a president who strengthens the financial safety net for
farmers. And, like many Iowans, Bowman wants a proven supporter of ethanol.

"Obviously, that's toward the top of the list," says Bowman, who leans
Republican but says his vote  is "still up for grabs."

Bowman, who farms 2,000 acres, illustrates what agricultural and political
experts such as Iowa State University political scientist Steffen Schmidt say is
a potential lever to sway on-the-fence voters in Iowa.

Ethanol might have slipped off the national radar, he says, but could grow in
importance if the race in Iowa tightens between Republican John McCain and
Democrat Barack Obama.

A Sept. 27 Rasmussen Reports poll showed Obama with a 51% to 43% lead over
McCain in Iowa. The state has been almost equally divided the past two
presidential elections. In 2004, President Bush edged Sen. John Kerry 49.9% to
49.2%. In 2004, Al Gore barely beat Bush, 48.5% to 48.2%.

Schmidt says McCain's early opposition to ethanol tax credits could diminish his
chances in the state. Obama, by contrast, he says, campaigned heavily on ethanol
prior to the Iowa caucuses.

"I think it's always going to weigh in with a certain segment of voters who see
ethanol as an important source of alternative energy," Schmidt says.

Both campaigns insist their approach to biofuels would better serve Iowans and
the nation.

McCain supports energy alternatives such as ethanol, but he believes the fuel
additive can compete without "isolationist tariffs and special interest
subsidies," Iowa campaign spokeswoman Wendy Riemann says.

"Every year, the ethanol industry shows further signs that it can live without
government support," Riemann says. "By leveling the playing fields, and allowing
the greater development of market-based solutions, John McCain believes we can
gain better options for our fuel needs."

Jenni Lee, an Iowa spokeswoman for Obama, says Obama's experience representing
Illinois has positioned him as an authority on ethanol's benefits.

"While Sen. Obama is committed to supporting Iowa biofuels, Sen. McCain sides
with oil companies over ethanol," Lee said in an e-mail. "Sen. McCain is a vocal
opponent of ethanol subsidies, which would not only cost the state thousands of
jobs, but it just makes no sense for our energy security."

McCain drew criticism last week from Iowa Gov. Chet Culver, a Democrat, who cast
ethanol as a state job-creator and a solution to high gas prices.

"I think if he were really putting 'country first,' and he was serious about
cutting free from our dependence on foreign oil, he wouldn't oppose supporting
ethanol," Culver says.

Ethanol's impact on the Iowa race is clouded by variables, including delayed
disaster relief for this summer's record flood, a shaken national economy and
the social-conservative appeal of McCain's running mate, Alaska Gov. Sarah
Palin, Schmidt says.

Drake University political scientist Dennis Goldford says ethanol "isn't one of
those deal breakers, the way abortion or gay marriage is. It's not a
make-or-break issue."

In May, the U.S. House overwhelmingly rejected Bush's veto of a $289 billion
farm bill that created separate incentives for corn-based ethanol and cellulosic
biofuels. The bill established a 45-cent-per-gallon tax credit for ethanol
refineries, a 6-cent drop from the previous incentive.

Iowa leads the nation's biofuel output, providing 31% of all U.S. ethanol with
28 refineries, according to a January report by John Urbanchuk, director of
LECG, a financial analysis firm. Iowa has 14 ethanol plants under construction,
which will boost production by nearly 70%, the report states.

In Iowa, ethanol also generated $2.9 billion in household income in 2007,
generated more than 96,000 jobs since its creation and increased the gross
domestic product by 10%, the report says.

Farmers can thank ethanol for the market's high corn prices as the harvest
season nears, says Bruce Babcock, director of Iowa State University's Center for
Agricultural and Rural Development. Corn prices on Thursday rose to $4.40 per
bushel, according to the Chicago Board of Trade. Prices last year at this time
hovered at about $3.50 per bushel, board records show.

Babcock says Iowans also could benefit from the development of cellulosic
ethanol, a biofuel derived from wood, grasses and non-edible parts of plants.
The refineries already exist to process the material, he says, but the
technology to produce that kind of ethanol likely needs five to 10 more years to
develop.

Schulte reports for The Des Moines Register

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: October 13, 2008



CORRECTION: Al Gore, then vice president, won the state of Iowa in the 2000
presidential election. The year was incorrect in a story Friday.

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Carlos Roig and Dave Merrill, USA TODAY, Sources: Census
Bureau (2007)
USA TODAY research
Almanac of American Politics (Chart)
PHOTO, B/W, Harry Baumert, The Des Moines Register

DOCUMENT-TYPE: POLITICS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 19, 2011 Monday

BRIEF: KCAC Basketball Schedule

BYLINE: The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 109 words


Sept. 19--KCAC

Four-Man Basketball Schedule

Monday

7 p.m. -- Logan's Heroesvs. The Fuzzles; 8 -- Cali Sway Dist. vs. Mile Hi CJD; 9
-- Hertz Rent a Car vs. B League Bombers.

Tuesday

7 p.m. -- McQueen vs. Killoys; 8 -- Steve French vs. ESAC Hanging Five; 9 --
Buddha's vs. B League Bombers.

Wednesday

7 p.m. -- MSE vs. Copper King Saloon; 8 -- Vu Villa vs. GIACs; 9 -- ESAC Hanging
Five vs. Cali Sway Dist.

Thursday

7 p.m. -- Buddha's vs. The Fuzzles; 8 -- Vu Villa vs. Mile Hi CJD; 9 -- PSI vs.
Hertz Rent a Car.

___ (c)2011 The Montana Standard (Butte, Mont.) Visit The Montana Standard
(Butte, Mont.) at www.mtstandard.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110919-BU-BRF-KCAC-Basketball-Schedule-0919-20110919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2011 The Montana Standard


                              532 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           September 1, 2012 Saturday

Raising Romney's game

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. IN6

LENGTH: 389 words


Mitt Romney and Republican organizers had two jobs in Tampa this past week:
Energize the party base, and attract uncommitted voters, especially those who
backed President Barack Obama four years ago but are now disillusioned. They got
partway there.

Even at this late stage of the presidential race, Romney had to ease the doubts
of some Republicans, especially Tea Party activists at the vanguard of the
conservative movement. He took a key step in selecting Tea Party favourite
Wisconsin congressman Paul Ryan as his running mate. And he sealed the deal in
Tampa with a worthy convention speech.

But it's another question if the party's festival of free enterprise bromides,
declarations of American exceptionalism and attacks on Obama will sway many of
the undecided. Any pro-Republican bump in the polls will likely be smothered by
the hoopla of the Democratic convention in Charlotte, North Carolina, next week.

With all their balloons and bluster, elaborate stagecraft and funny hats,
there's an element of the bizarre in these conventions. But they warrant
attention. One is choosing the world's most powerful leader.

Certainly the oddest moment in Tampa came when Clint Eastwood, now 82, delivered
a humourous speech, partly addressed to an empty chair where he imagined Obama
was sitting. Some in the hall saw it as an amusing break from the usual scripted
lectures while others just found it strange. It was a bit of both.

As at any political convention, there was a conscious effort to shore up party
weaknesses. The Republicans lack crucial support among women and minorities,
especially blacks and Hispanics. So the list of speakers was heavy with female
and minority figures. While a good thing, it was hardly representative of this
pale party as a whole.

There was also a push to change Romney's image, reinforced by Democrat attack
ads, as a cold corporate raider with no empathy for the middle class or poor.
The most touching moments in Tampa came as people, including parents who had
lost children, came forward to explain the difference Romney had made in their
lives. A video released shortly before Romney's speech was also evocative,
stating the candidate's case better than he himself ever did.

Will all this sway independents? Not by itself. But the Republicans are upping
their game. The Democrats should pay attention.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2012 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              533 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            March 17, 2010 Wednesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Jesus and politics don't mix' Point of View o God loves us too much to take
sides in our political debates.

BYLINE: Jamie Allman o jallman@stl.emmis.com

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 601 words

DATELINE: 0


It's always amusing watching political partisans stumble their way through
trying to use Jesus for their gain. They're like the Keystone Kops. For the sake
of argument, I'll call them the Brimstone Cops.

Jesus probably never realized he had so many buddies until the Health Care
Reform Whateveritis came on the scene. When you see left-leaning editorial pages
quoting Bible verses you really know how crazy things have become.

Let's face it: Most Americans have a negative reaction when Jesus and politics
mix. It's kind of like why I don't bring my cooler of beer to Mass. I know I
could, but cracking open as cold one during the second reading just doesn't seem
right. There's a time and place for each of God's gifts.

So when a conservative congressman like Todd Akin says God helped sway votes or
when other partisans say Jesus directs us to support a piece of legislation, I
think most Americans just say: give me another reason, any other reason, please.

I feel the same way when I see those hands clasped in prayer during a World
Series, as if God has the time or the desire to sway a ball game. I feel the
same way when a person dies suddenly and someone says God "wanted him." Sorry.
Most of us don't think God is out there pushing cars into each other on
Interstate 270 so he can collect souls.

My sense is that if God truly intended religion to play that much of a role in
political debate, he would have made sure Jesus was born with a blue suit and a
red tie. I also sense that God knows what we know: The political world is
entirely unnatural. Try forming a two-party system in your home or office. You'd
be fighting constantly.

My other sense is that God probably never intended for us to put the solutions
to all of our problems in the hands of a bunch of strangers in Washington, D.C.
And certainly if God truly intended for us to always turn to government for a
solution to our woes, he would have taken time out from creating Pluto and given
us the U.S. Senate much sooner.

Indeed, few people can claim to know what Jesus would really "do."

One thing is for sure: Claiming to know is tantamount to stepping on a land mine
that blows up only when you step off of it.

Many on the liberal side who push a variety of social programs will mention that
the Bible says we must take care of the poor. There aren't many sane people who
reject the notion of their responsibility to the poor. But the Bible
exploitation becomes trickier when we ask what Jesus meant by that. Did Jesus
really intend for us to slough off our individual responsibility and let the
government do it for us by using other people's money?

Many conservatives, conversely, like to exploit the Bible to impose governmental
regulation of pet social issues. Some push for prayer in public schools. Or
creationism in textbooks. Did Jesus really intend for us to use the force of
government to define marriage, to compel our kids to pray or to teach our
children about Genesis?

Perhaps God's greatest gift to us - aside from life itself - is free will.
Sometimes that free will creates a filibuster-proof majority and sometimes it
creates an oppressively large federal government. But let's not make paper
airplanes out of Bible pages and heave them into our debates. Let's not keep
using Jesus to defend political ideas and actions. He loves us too much to take
sides.

It's too bad Jesus wasn't born with some kind of warning label for politicians
bent on driving us in one direction or another. It may have read: "Do not
operate heavy machinery when using my name."

Jamie Allman is host of "Allman in the Morning" on KFTK-97.1 FM Talk radio.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COMMENTARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             July 23, 2015 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

EAST in CATCH-UP MODE;
SEC West's recent dominance pushing programs to improve coaching, facilities.

BYLINE:  By Anthony Chiang   Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 607 words

DATELINE: HOOVER, Ala.


Arkansas coach Bret Bielema isn't complaining about his team's difficult
schedule, but he would like to see how it's created.

"The schedule is kind of what it is," Bielema said at Southeastern Conference
media days last week. "I always tell our players don't take issue or complain
about something you can't control. It's made by some computer somewhere. I would
like to know where it's at because I would like to see if it really exists."

But Bielema and his players don't have to find that computer to learn why their
schedule is so tough. They just have to look at the list of teams in their side
of the conference -- the SEC West -- to realize their schedule is a product of
the most challenging division in college football.

SEC West teams have won the past six conference titles. The last time an SEC
East team won the conference title was in 2008 when Florida beat Alabama.

"The SEC West is the toughest division in football," Auburn coach Gus Malzahn
said. "I don't even think it's close. It's a man's league. There are no off
weeks."

The SEC West has been looked at as the conference's dominant division for a
while. In fact, four of the final five BCS national champions came from the SEC
West before college football moved to a playoff last season.

Alabama (2009, 2011, 2012) and Auburn (2010) accounted for the four national
titles. But the emergence of programs such as Mississippi State and Ole Miss has
added to the depth of the division.

"I can make a legitimate argument for all seven teams in the West of how they
can win our side of the league," Mississippi State coach Dan Mullen said. "When
you have that much competition, it certainly makes it challenging."

The media can't even make up its mind on the SEC West champion.

For the first time in the 23-year history of the poll, the media was divided on
a divisional champion and the overall SEC champion. Although Auburn was selected
to win the SEC title, Alabama was picked to win the SEC West.

Mississippi State, which finished second in the SEC West race with a 6-2
conference record last season, was picked to end the upcoming season at the
bottom of the division by the media despite returning the conference's most
proven quarterback in Dak Prescott.

"The East won some when I was over at Florida, too," said Mullen, who served as
the Gators' offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach from 2005 through 2008.
"Unfortunately, it's following me around with the competition aspect of things.
I just think sometimes the balance sways and the power sways."

The SEC West may just have temporary control of the conference, but Gators coach
Jim McElwain believes those seven programs have earned it.

"I think the one thing that they have done on that side is they've really
invested in facilities," McElwain said. "When you look at it up and down as far
as helping in the recruiting phase of it, there are a lot of really good things
happening that way. They got out ahead of the curve just a little bit."

It's one of the reasons Florida committed to building a $15 million indoor
practice facility this year.

The SEC West has put pressure on the SEC East to catch up.

"You have to give the West credit," Kentucky coach Mark Stoops said. "Shoot,
they're a bunch of good teams. They're a bunch of good coaches. They've got a
commitment from a lot of people to do things right."

achiang@pbpost.com Twitter: @Anthony_Chiang

sec championships

The West has won six straight SEC Championship games, by a combined score of
263-113.

2014: Alabama 42, Missouri 13

2013: Auburn 59, Missouri 42

2012: Alabama 32, Georgia 28

2011: LSU 42, Georgia 10

2010: Auburn 56, S. Carolina 17

2009: Alabama 32, Florida 13

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            August 19, 2014 Tuesday

Can ex-Obama strategist David Plouffe ride to Uber's rescue?

BYLINE: By Heather Somerville hsomerville@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; Technology; Venture Capital; Personal Technology;
News; Business

LENGTH: 657 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- Uber on Tuesday tapped David Plouffe, former campaign manager
and White House adviser to President Barack Obama, to wage a multifront fight
against regulators and the taxi industry, becoming the latest Silicon Valley
company to hire a Washington insider to woo policymakers and bolster its
political firepower.

Uber co-founder and CEO Travis Kalanick said Plouffe would make "sure that our
story is told, and that the right outcome happens" to prevail against regulators
and insurance and taxi companies that have staged fierce opposition to
smartphone apps like the one his company offers that let users hire a car for a
ride.

"There are a number of places that we aren't in because of the regulations that
exist today," Kalanick said. "And we have tens of thousands of consumers, and
sometimes hundreds of thousands of consumers, who are clamoring for a way to get
around that city. "

Uber is part of a trend: Increasingly, startups and tech giants have found
themselves in a maelstrom of lobbyists and politics, according to tech experts,
as they tangle with business regulations.

"There is a practical acknowledgment in Silicon Valley that, much to our
chagrin, Washington plays a larger and larger role in our lives," said Bob
Ackerman, founder and director of Palo Alto venture firm Allegis Capital. "And
like it or not, you have to engage."

Apple's Tim Cook last year tapped former Environmental Protection Agency chief
Lisa Jackson to lead the company's environmental initiatives. Google in 2012
hired Susan Molinari, a former Republican member of Congress from New York, to
be its head lobbyist. And recently San Francisco cloud software company Dropbox
appointed former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to its board of directors
to aid the company's global expansion.

Plouffe, 47, will join Uber in San Francisco at the end of September as senior
vice president of policy and strategy, and will run Uber's campaign in its
self-described political race against taxis and regulators. The company did not
disclose his salary.

Plouffe on Tuesday said his role at Uber "will be very familiar" after his work
running Obama's 2008 campaign. "But with any new challenge, there are
distinctions and a learning curve," he added.

Ackerman said Plouffe's hire is "an astute move on the part of Uber. They are up
against an entrenched, well-organized adversary in the taxi industry that has
developed and maintained tremendous political sway."

After the Public Utilities Commission last year rolled out new regulations to
legalize on-demand car service apps, Uber and its supporters had hoped most of
the country would follow California's lead. Instead, the company has continued
to face resistance in new markets, and some experts say only a seasoned
political strategist -- not software engineers -- can sway regulators from
Dallas to Philadelphia, Spain and Germany.

Uber, founded in 2009, is one is of the few young companies to put a top
Washington official on its payroll -- and it can afford to do so thanks to
stratospheric venture capital funding, including the largest-ever VC investment
of $1.2 billion this year, which pushed the company's valuation to at least
$18.2 billion. Like Google and other tech giants, Uber has also hired powerful
lobbyists in Washington to drive its expansion, and in May tapped Ashwini
Chhabra, a former top official at the Taxi and Limousine Commission in New York,
as its first leader of policy development and community engagement. The car
service is now in 170 cities and 43 countries.

"It's hard to deny progress," Plouffe said. "It's hard to stand in the way of
change."

Plouffe said he will commute to San Francisco initially but has plans to move to
the West Coast with his wife, Olivia Morgan, and their two children in summer
2015. He will also end his roles as contributor to Bloomberg TV and ABC News.

Contact Heather Somerville at 510-208-6413. Follow her at
Twitter.com/heathersomervil .

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ** FILE ** This May 10, 2007, file photo shows David Plouffe, campaign
manager for Democratic presidential hopeful Sen. Barack Obama, D-Ill., in his
Chicago campaign headquarters. As the marathon Democratic primary campaign nears
an end, Obama's staff is on the verge of vindicating its belief that the
eloquent black freshman senator was a unique candidate who could win the
Democratic nomination. The band of Obama loyalists who imagined that could
happen have stunned even themselves with their success against Hillary Rodham
Clinton. (AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast, File)
ST LOUIS - OCTOBER 02: Obama campaign manager David Plouffe speaks to the media
in the spin room after the vice presidential debate at the Field House of
Washington University's Athletic Complex on October 2, 2008 in St. Louis,
Missouri. The highly anticipated showdown between the two vice-presidential
candidates will be their only debate before the election. (Photo by Chip
Somodevilla/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2013 Monday

Georgia: School tests popular -- despite propaganda

LENGTH: 496  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Georgia Partnership For Excellence In Education, The State of Georgia has issued
the following news release:

Among the tools driving the productivity revolution in the public sector are
increasingly precise statistical techniques to evaluate how efficiently a
company performs its key tasks. This allows firms to figure out where they need
to improve.

But in public education, there's long been resistance to using data to determine
how to upgrade schools. This is a shame, because we have a massive trove of
information that could be used to improve how students are taught.

Does an approach that emphasizes repetition and mastery of basics work better
with some math courses than others? Which concepts are most crucial in improving
reading comprehension? Are certain classroom styles much better for students
from homes where English is not spoken?

Some school districts and states already take this approach to some degree. But
in California, heavy number-crunching is often disdained for a terrible reason:
because it allows for individual teachers to be empirically evaluated.

Politically powerful teachers unions say such evaluations are unfair because
teachers can't motivate unmotivated students who are from troubled homes or who
have disinterested parents or both.

Yet some teachers can do much more than others to help students, including those
in difficult circumstances. We should strive to find out why.

Entire states also do better by their students. National Assessment of
Educational Progress test results shows Texas students score much better than
California students -- and not just overall but among white, Latino and
African-American subsets. It's no coincidence that in Texas, adult employees
have much less sway over K-12 education policy than in California.

This is what makes so laughable Gov. Jerry Brown's claim that no one has figured
out what works in public schools. For starters, what works is having school
districts where students -- not adult employees -- are the top priority.

This will elicit the usual sneering from the California Teachers Association
about allegedly backward Texans and the usual narrative that reformers are
"corporate" stooges. It will also lead to complaints about the broad failure of
non-educators to grasp that teaching is an art, not a science.

But the good news is that this propaganda doesn't sway the public. A new poll
released last week by USC and the Policy Analysis for California Education group
found strong support for even more standardized testing of students and for
using the results in evaluating teacher performance.

This is a triumph of common sense over disinformation. If we have tools to help
us figure out how to improve public schools, let's use them.

And if these tools identify bad teachers, that's a good thing. These teachers
will then have to improve or move on -- just like poor performers in most
professions. That's not unfair. That's life.

For further information please visit: http://www.gpee.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            January 8, 2009 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

LET LOOSE THE JUICE AT HIGH NOON SALOON

BYLINE: By ROB THOMAS The Capital Times

SECTION: 77 SQUARE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 617 words


Funny, I don't recall seeing the part in "8 Mile" where Eminem got schooled by
Chicago rapper Juice . It must be in the deleted scenes section on the DVD
somewhere.

Juice really did best Eminem at the 1997 Scribble Jam, and since then Juice has
gone on to become an influential player (if never a breakout star) in the
Chicago rap scene, working with everyone from Lupe Fiasco to Common to Kanye
West. Juice's own formidable skills at the mic will be on display when he
headlines a show at the High Noon Saloon, 701 E. Washington Ave., at 9:30 p.m.
next Wednesday, Jan. 14.

The cover is $10, and you can get advance tickets through the PayPal link at
www.high-noon.com. Some top local talent will be opening for Juice, including
white-hot Madison duo The Crest and up-and-comers The Fall Guys (MC Starr and DJ
Pain 1). DJ Pain 1 was featured in a recent cover package on the life of local
musicians; read the story and watch the video at 77square.com.

One of Ottumwa, Iowa's most valuable exports is the rollicking six-piece She
Swings, She Sways , which has brought a winsome folk-pop sound to shows
throughout the Midwest. It's Madison's turn when the band plays The Frequency,
121 W. Main St., at 10 p.m. Friday, Jan. 9. Tickets are $5 at the door, and
Sabertooth Man, Nebula and the Patchwork Monkey , and Blake Whitworth (Blake
Whitworth? What the hell kind of name is that?) open.

Ever wonder how people from different ethnic backgrounds might behave
differently in certain social situations, and if such differences might be
humorous?

Carlos Mencia 's your man. The Cable ACE Award winner and star of Comedy
Central's hit "Mind of Mencia" is known for his politically incorrect material,
which strikes some as brutally honest and others as borderline offensive.

Mencia (who popped in for a surprise Monday night show at the Comedy Club on
State Street last fall to workshop some new material), plays the Crystal Grand
Music Theatre, at 430 Monroe St. up in the Wisconsin Dells, at 8 p.m. Friday.
Visit www.crystalgrand.com for more info.

If local surf rock legends Knuckel Drager could simply play in every Wisconsin
home every night for the next three months, nobody would have to worry about
having to pay their heating bills. Alas, that's not practical, so the band is
doing the next best thing by headlining a Keep Wisconsin Warm Fund benefit at 10
p.m. Friday at the High Noon. The cover charge is $8, and United Sons of Toil
and The Killer Dolphin with Rabies provide some early combustion.

Local rockers Start from Scratch headline a show at the Majestic Theatre, 115
King St., at 8:30 p.m. Friday. The cover is $5, and Pudge, The Starrs and Bryan
Courtney open the show.

Dread I of the reggae group International Connection has the music in his blood:
his uncle is reggae legend Burning Spear. (This is mentioned in all caps in his
bio on his MySpace page, so you can't miss it.) On its debut album,
International Connection gives the usual shout-outs to peace, love and Jah, with
a warm Jamaica dance-hall sound that should provide a solid bulwark against the
frigid temps and bad vibes outside when the band plays the Annex, 1206 Regent
St., at 9 p.m. Saturday, Jan. 10. Tickets are $7 at the door.

The Mad Rollin' Dolls have their first bout of 2009 Saturday night, and after
all the bruises and scrapes have been properly treated, everybody's going over
to the High Noon for the after-party.

Palindromic Milwaukee rockers IfIHadaHiFi headline with high-energy dance-punk,
and Those Damned Young Livers and The Hussy should also shove the audience
against the railing, musically speaking. The music starts at 10 p.m., and
admission is $5, or free if you hang onto your derby stub.

rthomas@madison.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SUBMITTED PHOTOS Above: Comedian Carlos Mencia plays at the Crystal
Grand Music Theatre in Wisconsin Dells on Friday. Below: Iowa's She Swings, She
Sways hits The Frequency on Friday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           October 30, 2008 Thursday

In a bid to sway voters, rivals turn up the noise;
ELECTIONS 2008

BYLINE: Jim Rutenberg - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 648 words

DATELINE: NORFOLK, Virginia


The presidential campaigns of Senators John McCain and Barack Obama are making
their last-ditch advertising pitches in a loud, televised shouting match over
health care and taxes, terrorism and presidential readiness, trying to sway the
few remaining undecided voters or to wavering supporters to the polls on
Tuesday.

McCain and the Republican Party are ending their advertising campaign with a
blistering run of commercials that use images of tanks, Islamic extremists and,
literally, stormy seas to paint Obama as a risky choice in dangerous times. In a
bid to win over the undecided ''security moms'' who watch television shows like
''The View'' and ''Oprah,'' one of the McCain campaign's most widely shown
commercials this week features recent comments from Senator Joseph Biden warning
of ''an international crisis'' that will ''test the mettle of this guy,'' Obama.

The commercials are part of a lean-and-mean insurgent ad war by McCain, who has
redirected his dwindling resources to vital parts of critical states like this
one, surgically picking where his spots run to confront a television onslaught
by Obama that is unrivaled in political history and dwarfs McCain's in most
places.

McCain recently has had help from the independent advertising unit of the
Republican National Committee, which embarked upon a $26 million campaign in the
final weeks of the election, including efforts to buttress McCain in reliably
Republican states like West Virginia and Montana.

But, even with that help, McCain is in many ways shouting into the roar of a
locomotive. The nearly $21 million Obama spent on ads last week was nearly twice
what McCain spent along with the Republican Party in that period.

And, with virtually limitless resources, Obama is ending his presidential
advertising campaign with a dizzying array of commercials striking mostly
economic arguments: A spot running heavily here promotes Obama's tax cuts; (''A
nurse earning 60 grand?'' an announcer says. ''You get a thousand bucks under
Obama - under McCain, just $150''); spots in Colorado and Pennsylvania accuse
McCain of helping companies that ''ship jobs overseas,'' and, in a commercial
running heavily in senior-citizen-rich Florida, falsely accuses McCain of
proposing large cuts to Medicare.

Obama will further flex his advertising muscle Wednesday with a half-hour
infomercial running in prime time on four broadcast networks, Fox, NBC, CBS and
Univision.

Unable to match the Obama juggernaut, McCain is making a last stand in towns he
needs to win, like this one, where he and the Republican National Committee have
combined resources to advertise as heavily as Obama, who has not needed similar
help from his party. The situation is similar in Cincinnati; Harrisburg,
Pennsylvania; and Richmond, Virginia, which are among the places where McCain
has tried to match Obama.

There have been consequences for McCain, who has had to reduce his advertising
in swing states like New Hampshire and Wisconsin so he can advertise in states
he must win, like Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Virginia.

Analysts say he has little choice.

''If you're the McCain campaign, there are two columns right now in your
thinking: places you have to win and places you need to win,'' said Evan Tracey,
the chief operating officer of a firm that monitors political advertising, CMAG.
Translating that into layman's terms, he said: ''You don't have to eat, but you
need to breathe.''

''There's no White House without Virginia,'' he said. ''So it doesn't matter
what happens in Wisconsin or New Hampshire if he doesn't win there.''

So while the advertising war can feel awfully lopsided for Obama in the most
expensive cities to advertise in, like Miami, Philadelphia and Washington (which
reaches the northern parts of Virginia), viewers in Cincinnati, Harrisburg and
Norfolk are in the middle of a full-scale, spot-for-spot advertising war.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            August 17, 2013 Saturday

Dueling messages about health care, insurance marketplace

LENGTH: 468  words


Officials with MNsure, the state's new online health insurance marketplace, will
announce their new marketing campaign at a news conference Sunday.
In doing so, they likely will start of a new round of efforts to sway public
opinion about a cornerstone of the federal health care overhaul -- a national
effort to enroll uninsured people in health plans to rein in the cost of
healthcare.


Minnesotans can expect to see a flood of local and national ads as these
insurance marketplaces prepare go live Oct. 1. Already, groups for and against
the health care law are producing advertisements designed to sway public
opinion. One YouTube video by Crossroads GPS, a group co-founded by GOP
strategist Karl Rove, superimposes the heads of President Obama and Nancy Pelosi
over computer-generated funnel clouds that blow through a city.
Others are more serious like this one, also from a conservative group Americans
for Prosperity, where a Virginia pediatrician tending a young patient voices her
fears about Obamacare.
Pro-Obamacare pitches are also appearing, like this one from Organizing for
Action, a group formed by members of President Obama's election campaign. It
begins with photos of a baby girl connected to numerous tubes while sleeping in
a hospital bed. Her mother talks about the cost of treating her daughter's heart
defect.
While MNsure has cloaked the theme of its ad campaign in secrecy, other states
launched mass media programs months ago.
In this Colorado ad, a woman chooses a plan on the new online site and when she
pushes the enter key on her laptop, she is surrounded by celebrating baseball
players in their locker room, complete with popping champagne corks.
MNsure and the other states' health insurance marketplaces will provide many
consumers with their first major interaction with a law that for years now has
been a hazy concept with all the appeal of the federal tax code. The
marketplaces will be a major test of the law, and their success depends on how
many consumers and small businesses use them to enroll in coverage.
"We're going to see advertisements... pushing for people who lack health
insurance to enroll in new programs," University of Minnesota public health
professor Sarah Gollust said. "On the other side though, we're gearing up for
the mid-term elections in 2014, so political candidates also have incentives
to...set the stage for how the public understands implementation as either
successful or a failure."
Public opinion trends have remained fairly constant since the federal health
care law passed in 2010, according to a Kaiser Health tracking poll.

The margin between those who support the law and those who oppose it has barely
budged so just how much influence the ads will have in swaying people away from
their current opinions is an open question.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 29, 2012 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

In Albany and at Polls, Conservative Party's Sway Rises

BYLINE: By SAM ROBERTS

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1045 words


The chances that Wendy E. Long might beat Kirsten E. Gillibrand, the Democratic
incumbent, in the Senate election this fall are decidedly slim. Still, Ms.
Long's victory this week in the Republican primary provided New York State's
Conservative Party with one more reason to celebrate its muscular sway within
the Republican Party.

''The Conservative endorsement was extremely important in helping to win the
Republican primary,'' Ms. Long said. ''It essentially acts as a 'Good
Housekeeping' seal of approval for many conservative Republican voters and Tea
Party members when they are evaluating candidates.''

This month, the party celebrated its 50th anniversary (at which the talk show
host Sean Hannity spoke), having notched several legislative victories during
the session that just ended -- capping a successful electoral record in a
decidedly blue state in which the Conservatives have elbowed the Republican
Party to the right. Not so far right, though, Conservatives say, that the party
has outlived its original objectives or become a victim of its own success.

''If the state Republican Party was where the national party is,'' said Michael
R. Long of Brooklyn, the Conservative state chairman, ''we'd be out of
business.''

The Conservative Party's endorsement of Ms. Long, a Manhattan lawyer who is not
related to Mr. Long, helped her win the three-way Republican primary to go up
against Senator Gillibrand because of a political equation that has gone
unaltered for nearly four decades: Since 1974, no Republican has won statewide
in New York without the official backing of the Conservative Party.

The number of enrolled Conservatives has been dwindling for a number of years --
it now stands at about 140,000 of the state's 10.5 million registered voters
(''they're aging out or moving to Florida, California and Texas,'' Mr. Long
said). But two years ago, the party regained a place high on the ballot for
statewide elections by drawing 232,000 votes on its line for Carl P. Paladino,
the Republican candidate for governor who lost to Andrew M. Cuomo, a Democrat.

Conservative voters provided the margin of victory in a half-dozen State Senate
races, helping Republicans to recapture control of that body. Conservatives were
credited with killing two bills in the latest legislative session, one that
would have raised the minimum wage and another that would have decriminalized
possession of small amounts of marijuana.

Last year, Conservatives were stung when four Republican senators voted to
support making same-sex marriage legal, prompting Mr. Long to withhold his
party's endorsement for their re-election -- a decision that could cost
Republicans control of the Senate. One of the four decided not to run again and
the other three face primary challenges.

''I would still like a Republican Senate,'' Mr. Long said, ''but I certainly
can't flinch and change my word on that, or then we become meaningless.''

The party was organized in 1962 by leaders who were alarmed by what they viewed
as the liberal bent of Republican elected officials in New York, and who sought
to form a counterweight to the Liberal Party. The new party rapidly singled out
three Republican targets: Gov. Nelson A. Rockefeller, Senator Jacob K. Javits
and Mayor John V. Lindsay.

''We always had a target, and that target was the liberals,'' said Serphin R.
Maltese, Mr. Long's predecessor as state chairman and a former state senator
from Queens. ''Certainly the word 'liberal' was much more approved of than
'conservative.' Look at it now: we were initiators of a great movement. We did
it in New York, the liberal bastion of the United States.''

In 1962, the party's candidate for governor got only 142,000 votes. But in 1965,
William F. Buckley got nearly 350,000, or 13 percent, as the Conservative
candidate for New York mayor.

The following year, building on the campaigns of Barry Goldwater in 1964 and Mr.
Buckley in 1965, Paul L. Adams got 513,000 votes as the Conservative candidate
for governor, bumping the Liberal Party from one of the higher lines on the
ballot. In 1970, James L. Buckley ran solely on the Conservative line and
squeaked past a Democrat and a Republican-Liberal to win Robert F. Kennedy's
former Senate seat.

And within less than two decades, all three of the party's original targets were
eliminated politically. Mr. Lindsay mounted a short-lived presidential campaign
in 1972 and decided not to seek re-election as mayor the following year; Mr.
Rockefeller was bounced from the national ticket as President Gerald R. Ford's
running mate in 1976; and Mr. Javits was defeated in a Republican primary and
then in the general election in 1980 by Alfonse M. D'Amato.

''The unholy trinity of Javits, Rockefeller and Lindsay were the raison d'etre
for the party's establishment in 1962,'' said Kieran Mahoney, a political
consultant whose father, J. Daniel Mahoney, was the party's second state
chairman, ''and in one fashion or another we got all three of them.''

In 2001, James P. Molinaro, a top Conservative Party leader, was elected Staten
Island borough president. The following year, the Liberal Party lost its
automatic state ballot line in large part because of Mr. Cuomo's abandoned
campaign for governor that year.

''If you think 50 years ago, our original intention was we had targets because
you needed somebody to inspire people,'' Mr. Maltese said, adding that the
original targets happened to be incumbent liberal Republicans. ''Today, there
are still in the Republican Party many people who resent the Conservative Party,
but the vast majority realize we have a working partnership.''

y

This article has been revised to reflect the following correction:

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              541 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                            August 27, 2011 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Sway Machinery blends cantorial music, African beat, blues to create own sound

BYLINE: Bernard Perusse, The Gazette

SECTION: CULTURE; Bernard Perusse; Pg. E6

LENGTH: 872  words


Jeremiah Lockwood can't remember a time when Jewish cantorial music wasn't in
his life. His father, Larry, was a composer and musician and his grandfather,
Jacob Konigsberg, was a cantor. But when Lockwood was a child, the sound of that
sacred music merging with blues or world beat in his head was way off in the
future.

"We listened to cantorial records and sang table melodies, which was a beautiful
part of childhood and early adulthood," the guitarist and frontman of the Sway
Machinery said during a recent telephone interview.

"When I began wanting to be a musician myself, I realized how much I loved that
experience and I tried to figure out ways to bring it into the music I was
making. That's been an ongoing goal, to take this raw experience of making music
in a family with the people you love - that incredible feeling of history and
transcendence - and turn it into something I can use as a composer and creator
of new music."

Robert Johnson helped point the way. Lockwood was only 12 when he heard a box
set containing the collected works of the blues legend, who died in 1938.

"I listened to it every day to figure out how to play that style of music," he
said.

Lockwood's guitar teacher schooled him in the Piedmont blues guitar-picking
style and by his teenage years, he was a sometime street musician playing
electric guitar through a battery-powered amplifier in his neighbourhood on the
Upper West Side of Manhattan.

A street fair brought him to the attention of a blues musician working as
Carolina Slim (the moniker was originally used by a Piedmont master who died in
1953). The latter-day Slim took the young Lockwood under his wing.

"The idea of delving into cantorial music as a performer of the style . I didn't
really feel like I could do that. That didn't seem like something that was
possible," Lockwood said.

So the issue became how to blend the music that was in his blood with his more
recent passion, the blues.

It was desert music that solved that second bit of the puzzle. Lockwood was
drawn to North Africa's Berber music. Gnawa sounds, the recordings of Tuareg
musicians Tinariwen and the haunting guitar work of Malian musician Ali Farka
Touré all seemed to suggest a way to blend the sounds Lockwood loved.

"The Berbers hit me in a very deep place. The music felt like it was speaking to
this place of connection between the ancient Semitic roots of Eastern European
Jewish music and the African-American music I felt a very strong affinity toward
as a young musician," Lockwood said.

"It felt like it was a meeting ground of (places from) the ancient world that I
wanted to tap into with my music. It gave me an idea about a way I could explore
the melodies I grew up with. It was a very exciting feeling of discovery when I
started writing arrangements of cantorial music and I felt very free to try and
do whatever my ears drew me toward.

"I was drawing very freely on blues, on African music and deepening my skills as
a performer of cantorial music - and it gave me a feeling of freedom. When I'm
performing, I try to draw on the feeling that there's a vocabulary, a language I
can draw on that I can call my own, that will make me feel safe and strong in
all the different worlds I'm coming from," he said.

After a rawer punk-rock-trio version of the Sway Machinery had run its course
over roughly a decade, Lockwood launched the current group under the same name
in 2006. The name, he said, alludes to the idea of human beings as machines
created by gods and the swaying movement of Jewish men when praying.

The group's 2009 debut album, Hidden Melodies Revealed, put cantorial music in a
setting that featured horns and a backbeat.

They played the Festival in the Desert in Mali last year.

"The festival represented to me the centre of a very wonderful, magical
cross-breeding ground of different musical cultures - one of the really strong
places where Arabic music culture met African music culture," Lockwood said.

"And the spectacle of the humanity meeting in the middle of nowhere."

While there, the band recorded its second disc, The House of Friendly Ghosts,
Volume 1, which featured Malian vocalist Khaira Arby .

The group - Lockwood, saxophone player Stuart Bogie, trumpet player Jordan
McLean, bassist Nikhil Yerawadekar and drummer John Bollinger - takes a detour
from its usual rock-club milieu to perform Tuesday at the Montreal Jewish Music
Festival. It's the kind of musical environment that is becoming more common for
the band, Lockwood said.

The guitarist promised that there would be new material at the concert.

"We're constantly exploring, trying to break new ground and create better
music," he said.

The Sway Machinery, with Ghetto Shtreiml, perform Tuesday at 9 p.m. at La Sala
Rossa, 4848 St. Laurent Blvd., as part of the second annual Montreal Jewish
Music Festival. Tickets cost $15.

The Montreal Jewish Music Festival runs from Sunday to Thursday. Other acts on
the schedule include Hasidic New Wave, Serendipity 4 featuring Theodore Bikel,
Pitom, Christian Dawid's Klezmer Contra Dance, the Shaar Hashomayim Choir,
Nekouda and the Andy Statman Trio.

To purchase tickets, or for more details, go to montrealjewishmusicfest.com.

bperusse@ montrealgazette.com

twitter.com/bernieperusse

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TATIANA MCCABE; Jeremiah Lockwood (left), guitarist and frontman of the
Sway Machinery, with bandmates Nikhil Yerawadekar, John Bollinger, Stuart Bogie
and Jordan McLean.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 12, 2006 Saturday

VITAL ORGANICS

BYLINE: RAAKHEE MIRCHANDANI

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 491 words


ORGANIC isn't just for the crunchy, hippie-dippy vegans who frequent the
greenmarket wearing Birkenstocks. The socially conscious designation now has a
place in mainstream fashion.

Clothing lines like Perfectly Imperfect, Under the Canopy and James Jeans, and
cosmetic companies like NOE and Inara are giving consumers what they're asking
for - eco-friendly clothes and products that aren't lame.

"Organic products are much fuller and more diverse," says James Sway, president
of James Jeans, a popular premium denim line based in Los Angeles that has a
special organic line. "I like to say the difference is like how you cook meat -
do you microwave it or do you have it on the barbeque? It's the same thing. We
hand-brush the organic compound on each pair to give it that aged look.

We do it in gradual strokes, like Asian calligraphy." Sway says all the
organically grown cotton for his jeans comes from Egypt, the organic dyes are
from Turkey, and the finished product is sold out of his downtown Los Angeles
warehouse.

Twenty-five percent of all the insecticides used globally are used on cotton
plants. And according to Malia Curran, a nutrionist for the North Atlantic
region for Whole Foods market, cotton is one of the most pesticide-intensive
crops in the world. In the U.S., 10 percent of all agricultural chemicals are
used on cotton plantations alone.

"As people are becoming more aware of choosing organic foods, they're getting
the message that organic cotton is just as much - if not more - of a problem,"
she says.

"We're not just talking about the environment. We're talking about the way our
agricultural system is working now, farmers are so chemically dependent, and
we're talking about protecting the soil to grow food for the future." Curran
says that to produce one Tshirt it takes one-third of a pound of chemicals. She
says the benefit of organic cotton farming is all about preservation. As more
chemicals get dumped into the ground, the soil starts to get "tired," or
depleted of nutrients. As the soil starts to weaken, farmers have to use more
chemicals to make the crops grow and, eventually, the soil starts to erode and
the ground is no longer farmable.

And she stresses the importance of organic beauty lines, explaining that the
skin absorbs what you apply to it.

"I started my company to be more environmentally responsible and as an outlet to
send a positive impression to the world," says Jadie Kadietz, the designer and
owner of Perfectly Imperfect, a high-end cotton knit line.

Kadietz, a former designer at Three Dots, uses all locally grown cotton from
Texas and makes all her clothes in Los Angeles. Her trendy line - dyed racerback
tanks, long tees, henleys and dresses - even come with little messages inspired
from fortune cookies.

"I've always collected the little fortunes - I have tons of them," she says.
"It's been 15 years. I eat Chinese food once a week and I always ask for an
extra cookie."

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GOING FOR GREEN: New organic products include (from left) James Jeans
($194 at Barneys), Happy Green Bee baby clothes ($38 at happygreenbee.com), NOE
skin care ($20 at Ricky's) and Under the Canopy T-shirt ($42 at Caravan in the
East Village).

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            November 2, 2008 Sunday

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 791 words


One of the most fearless circus performers was born and raised in North Dakota.

Vernon Liedtke was billed as the "Sensational Orton," and his death-defying
acts, high in the air, caused those in the audience to gasp.

Most of his later acclaim was for his "sway pole" act. According to circus
lingo, this is defined as "an act in which the performer perches atop an
extremely tall pole, then sways and rocks the pole giddily from side to side and
is very dangerous to perform."

While on top of this swaying pole, 100 feet in the air, Liedtke would do hand
stands and other acrobatic feats. Besides performing at many local fairs,
Liedtke also performed at the 1940 San Francisco World's Fair, on national
television and before much of the European royalty.

On Dec. 1, 1957, while practicing at his home in Dallas for another European
tour, one of the guy wires, supporting the pole, broke, and Liedtke plunged to
his death.

Liedtke was born June 28, 1912, to Adolf and Grantie Ellen Randall Liedtke on
his father's homestead, one mile north of Robinson in Kidder County.

From an early age, he was mischievous and a daredevil. He loved to climb and
showed no fear of heights.

In the early 1920s, the family went to see the Ringling Brothers Barnum Bailey
Circus when it came to Jamestown. From that time on, Liedtke knew what he wanted
to do when he got older - join the circus.

He would study circus posters and practice the tricks that he saw displayed on
the posters. To practice the trapeze acts, he erected two sets of swings. One
set was in the barn's hay loft, and the other was on the ground. He learned to
get one of the swings going at a maximum arc and then let go and grab the other
swing.

In 1927, the Orton Brothers Circus came to Robinson. He talked to the owners,
Miles and Bayard Orton, about joining their circus. Since they could use the
help of a strong farm kid in setting up the equipment, they relented, but only
if Liedtke had his parents' permission.

Knowing that he would probably run away if they denied him, his parents agreed
on the condition that he return home every fall to continue his education until
graduation. Liedtke agreed.

The Orton Brothers were the third generation of circus owners. Their circus
performed throughout the Midwestern states and was billed as the "World's
Greatest Little Show."

Liedtke began his summers with the circus doing manual work, such as setting up
and tearing down the equipment. Soon he also was given other duties like being a
clown and playing in the band. As he promised, Liedtke returned every fall to
Robinson until he graduated from high school in 1930.

He soon joined Orton Brothers on a full-time basis.

The grandfather of the Orton Circus owners established a town, 25 miles west of
Des Moines, Iowa, called Ortonville. It was where the circus people spent the
winters, and it was where Liedtke rejoined his circus family.

Miles and Bayard Orton had a younger sister, Grace, who was primarily in charge
of wardrobe for the circus performers. She had been trained to do trapeze work
and often filled in when one of the regular performers was injured or too ill to
work. She taught Liedtke the art of the trapeze, and soon the two fell in love
and got married.

At this time, the Great Depression made it difficult for most people to afford
buying tickets for the circus and, in 1932, the Orton Brothers Circus was forced
to close.

Times were tough for Vernon and Grace Liedtke, but, between infrequent odd jobs,
he continued to work on his trapeze skills. In 1934, he made his first public
appearance on the trapeze at the Shrine Circus in Fargo.

Liedtke worked with a booking agency out of Boston, but, having to compete with
other more experienced trapeze artists, he decided to look for another act that
was more unique.

Liedtke's new act was the sway pole. Grace had experience with the sway pole and
was the first female to do a one-hand stand atop a 100-foot high pole. Billing
himself as the "Sensational Orton," the couple began to get gigs at state fairs
and other exhibitions.

Their big break came in 1940 when they were asked to perform at the World's Fair
in San Francisco. With this exposure, the Liedtkes were finally able to find
steady employment during the summers.

In 1946, the couple divorced, and his career suffered until 1948 when he married
another performer, Doris Blackburn. In 1950, they were asked to join the Bertram
Mills Circus in England.

They performed before Queen Elizabeth and other European royalty, and their act
was so successful, that they were asked back three more times over the next six
years.

(Written by Curt Eriksmoen and edited by Jan Eriksmoen. Reach the Eriksmoens by
e-mail at cjeriksmoen@cableone.net.) Top circus performer came from North Dakota

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Lawmakers must not back intolerance

BYLINE: opinion

SECTION: OPINION; Local Editorial; Pg. 02-20 OPIN church FRI EDITED

LENGTH: 581 words


bkm

Our opinion

Lawmakers

must not back

intolerance

THE ISSUE: Senate File 115, which would bar discrimination based on sexual
orientation or gender identity, is up for a House committee hearing today.

WE BELIEVE: Efforts by the Catholic Diocese of Cheyenne to mislead the public on
this bill should be ignored. It is more than worthy of passage.

TELL US WHAT YOU THINK:

Contact us via email at opinion@wyomingnews.com

"The number of men and women who have deep-seated homosexual tendencies is not
negligible. This inclination ? constitutes for most of them a trial. They must
be accepted with respect, compassion, and sensitivity. Every sign of unjust
discrimination in their regard should be avoided." - Catechism of the Catholic
Church

Does Wyoming really want to have this mud fight with the whole world watching?
Do religious leaders truly wish to argue that it is proper to discriminate
against their fellow human beings?

Apparently some do. So if you don't want to be embarrassed by intolerance, you
might want to avert your eyes from the Capitol today. That is where the House
Labor, Health and Social Services Committee will hold a hearing on Senate File
115. It seeks to prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender
identity. It has passed the Senate.

Leading a full-court religious press against the bill, in unfortunate fashion,
is the Catholic Diocese of Cheyenne. Rather than speaking in measured tones
about perceived impacts of the bill, its leaders are choosing to spew
half-truths and prejudice in an effort to sway lawmakers to oppose the measure.

Given the passage quoted above from the church's Catechism - as well as the push
by Pope Francis to sway Catholics toward acceptance of the LGBT community - it
is hard to understand what this is all about. Only the diocese can explain the
discrepancy between its own Catechism and its actions. But now it is circulating
a four-page memo against the bill that it hopes to insert in church bulletins
Sunday.

First, the biggest untruth.

The church claims SF 115 lacks protections for groups and individuals who feel
they must discriminate for religious reasons. An example might be a Catholic
school that chooses only Catholic teachers or a priest who is asked to marry a
gay couple.

But the fact is SF 115 contains the broadest possible exemptions. It excuses
religious organizations; expressive associations; individuals, such as clergy,
who work for such organizations; and those who are members of expressive
associations.

Religious exemptions should be a worry for the diocese, and it has every right
to get these protections are in place. Unfortunately, it hasn't stopped there.
Rather, the memo assaults the very humanity of those the diocese seeks to
discriminate against.

For example, it claims sexual orientation and gender identity are "changeable
self-perception(s)" based on the "whimsical" nature of the person involved. It
also asserts that children (the bill would protect them in schools) whose gender
identity is "at odds with their biology" have been "propagandized" by their
parents. The diocese calls that "a form of child abuse."

Does the church really believe that homosexuals and others would submit
themselves to societal abuse - including proven job discrimination - on a whim?
Apparently it does.

But members of the House Labor Committee, indeed the Legislature, should reject
these arguments and pass SF 115. To not do so would send a message that Wyoming
agrees with such intolerance. It does not.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Health Daily Digest

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

Tango Therapy May Reduce Risk of Falls in Cancer Patients: Study

LENGTH: 209 words

DATELINE: U.S.


U.S., July 8 -- According to a study conducted by a team of researchers from the
Ohio State University in the US, Argentine Tango dance may reduce the risk of
falls in patients who have undergone cancer treatment. The study deals with the
common side effects of cancer treatment.

The team of researchers designed a dance intervention course that involved 20
sessions of adapted Argentine Tango, for the study. For ten weeks, the study
subjects attended one-hour sessions twice a week.

The study researchers measured the study subjects' standing postural sway with a
computer-aided force platform at the beginning of the dance intervention series
and at completion of the 10-weeks of instruction. The cancer patients who were
the study subjects were then asked to report satisfaction with the intervention.

The findings of the study underlined that medial and lateral sway decreased by
56 per cent just after five weeks of Argentine tango.

The findings would be presented at the 2016 annual meeting of American Congress
of Rehabilitation Medicine in Chicago.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Health Daily Digest. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                     July 22, 2000, Saturday, Final Edition

Amtrak Testing of High-Speed Electric Train Is Delayed Again

Don Phillips , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 466 words


Testing of Amtrak's new 150-mph electric trains has been halted for a few days
after loose or broken bolts were found on anti-sway bars that help steady the
ride of the coaches, Amtrak and the manufacturer said yesterday.

Gilles Paget, a spokesman for the Canadian-French consortium building the new
trains for the Boston-Washington route, said the test trains should be ready to
resume their runs by Monday, and the problem is not expected to affect the
overall test schedule.

The problem is different from the broken bolts, discovered in mid-June, that
connect the body of the two locomotives, called "power cars," to the wheel sets.
That problem was solved by installing longer bolts.

Richard Sarles, Amtrak's vice president for Northeast Corridor high-speed rail,
said the current problem appears to be human error. Lock washers that help hold
the anti-sway bar to the car body were not properly installed, he said.

Sarles said the problem was discovered Thursday night as the train was being put
through tests in excess of 150 mph. Test engineers heard noises under a coach
and stopped the train for an inspection. They discovered a loose bolt, and later
inspections discovered other loose or broken bolts.

Paget, director of public affairs and communication-North America for Bombardier
Inc. of Montreal, said inspection of the bolts on all test trains should be
complete over the weekend and the bolt problem shouldn't affect the overall
testing schedule. Bombardier and Paris-based Alstom SA formed a consortium to
build 20 trains for the electrified Northeast Corridor route from Washington to
New York and Boston.

No date has been set for the beginning of service for the Acela Express, as
Amtrak calls the trains, but it is expected no earlier than September.

Amtrak originally said service would begin by last spring, then set a series of
new dates as problems, mainly involving the wheel sets and the train's tilt
mechanism, slowed the project. Finally, even as a major advertising program
moved forward, Amtrak decided to set no new start dates until it could be sure
the trains would be ready and reliable.

The 304-passenger trains are to replace Metroliner service between Washington
and New York and enhance service between New York and Boston, where Amtrak has
had difficulty attracting business travel because of travel times that can
approach five hours.

The Acela Express, with a coach-tilting mechanism that allows the train to
travel faster on the numerous curves in Connecticut and Rhode Island, was
originally advertised as a three-hour train. However, railroad sources have said
that it likely will begin service on a schedule of perhaps 10 to 20 minutes
longer. Even on the slower schedule, it would be much faster than current
trains.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              547 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of the Navy (California)
Issues Solicitation for "Weapons Impact Scoring Set Portable Retractable Tower"

LENGTH: 434  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of the Navy, Naval Sea Systems Command officer has issued
requirement for "Weapons Impact Scoring Set Portable Retractable Tower"

Solicitation No: RFI-N64267-16-T-0247

Notice Type: Special Notice
Posted Date: July 27, 2016

Description: Request for information for Weapons Impact Scoring Set Portable
Retractable Tower - Request for Information. Please provide Photos and refer to
attached PDFs for further information.


Response to RFI questions are as follows:
Q: Will the questions be answered before the response is due.
A: Yes
Q: #12: (2) Total sections require the section to be approx. 32' to have at a 4'
overlap, or the use of a mast with (2) 30' sections. An unguided system with a
6' mast will generate a lot of deflection and sway. What are the accuracy
requirements? Deflection? Sway? At Operational Wind speed? Survival Wind speed?
A: #12 Operation Maximum deflection of 0.1 degree at 30MPH wind with 300 pound
payload and surface area of 20 square feet. Minimum survival wind speed of
70MPH.
Q: #18: 300 +? Or should this read a max payload up to 300 lbs.? What does 300+
mean as it could be 1000.
A: #18: Payload shall be minimum of 300 pounds.
Q: #19 We would offer a superior design containing continuous interlocking
capabilities by each tower leg supported by our version of slide radial rods
that extend the entire length of every tower leg. The radial pressure slide bar
system described on No. 19 of the RFI requirements provides contact to only one
side of the tower top section and only the last 5ft of the tower section. I
would like to see evidence that supports the statement on the requirement that
radial pressure slide bar system eliminates the use of guy wires and provides
greater tower stability. Such statement should be supported by test results and
analysis. We will gladly provide analysis and destructive test results to
support our tower's capabilities. Please read carefully our comments below on a,
b, and c.
(Q19a)We recommend removing this requirement from the SOW. Testing showed that
this type of system exerts an outward force on the rungs to which the bars are
mounted (100 psi or more depending on tolerances, plumbness, etc. This is in the
static (not under wind load) condition.) With a preload on the rungs, causing
deflections in the beam, it was found to reduce the rung FOS by a factor of 3.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 336

Contact Details: NSWC Corona Division P.O. Box 5000 Corona, California
92878-5000 United States

Point of Contact(s): Salvador Silva, Contract Specialist Salvador.Silva@navy.mil
Phone: 9513934958


LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                              May 23, 2011 Monday

Entry helped sway DOJ on Bucyrus deal

LENGTH: 219 words


The prospect of new entry into the manufacture of trucks used in mining helped
sway the U.S. Department of Justice to approve Caterpillar Inc.'s $8.6 billion
purchase of Bucyrus International Inc., according to Sean Boland, the Baker
Botts LLP antitrust partner who helped shepherd the deal through antitrust
reviews in 14 countries. He was joined in handling the antitrust work by fellow
Baker Botts partner Paul Cuomo. DOJ approval was announced May 20. The deal,
announced in November, received a second request for information from DOJ in
January. There had been outside speculation that the deal would require some
divestiture in the mining truck segment, but Boland said his team successfully
argued that to the extent the companies were competitors, the loss of Bucyrus
could be offset by entry from Komatsu Ltd.or Hitachi Construction Machinery Co.
Peoria, Ill.-based Caterpillar has a roughly 70% global mining truck market
share. The company had argued that its "mechanical drive" mining trucks tend to
be used in smaller mines and for shorter driving distances. Milwaukee-based
Bucyrus, which specializes in mining, has a 5% share of mining trucks and
produces higher-speed electrical-drive trucks better suited for longer distances
and high-elevation driving.  - Bill McConnell

DEAL SIZE

$ 1-10 Billion

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2011 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Sunday Telegraph (LONDON)

                            February 5, 2006 Sunday

OUT THIS WEEK

BYLINE: BEN THOMPSON

SECTION: SEVEN; Pop; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 735 words


SWAY

This is My Demo Decypha pounds 11.99

Punctuated with snippets from the 'critically acclaimed' work of 'MC
Charlie-Boy' (a satirical compendium of West African stereotypes including 'I
Married Her For The Visa'), this debut album proper from UK hip-hop's great
African hope picks up Ambrose Campbell's baton and runs with it to great effect.
From the sexual double-standards of the urban music elite, to the destructive
impact of grime's self-perpetuating gangster myths, motor-mouthed Haringey-based
MC Derek 'Sway' Safo tackles some tricky subjects with rare aplomb.

BELLE AND SEBASTIAN

THE LIFE PURSUIT ROUGH TRADE pounds 11.99

After spending the best part of a decade immuring themselves in a macramé
penitentiary of stultifying feyness, these doughty Glaswegian contrarians have
recently staged an audacious, Thin Lizzy-inspired jailbreak. The band's
new-found 1970s rock swagger is the perfect complement to Stuart Murdoch's
urbane lyrics - the people in his best songs step out of the music with the same
fully-formed humanity you'd expect of characters in a really good short story.

ANTHONY HAMILTON

AIN'T NOBODY WORRYIN' BMG pounds 10.99

For those who find it difficult to establish an emotional link with anyone as
vaingloriously named as John Legend, this unassuming but creatively potent North
Carolina soul-man provides a seductive alternative. His voice is rich and sweet
without being syrupy, and from the title track's robust social commentary,
through the jaunty celebration of the fuller-figured woman in 'Sista Big Bones',
to a savage attack on a philandering pastor in the harrowing 'Preacher's
Daughter', Hamilton's return to old-fashioned r'n'b values sounds timely rather
than retro.

TORTOISE AND BONNIE 'PRINCE' BILLY

DOMINO pounds 12.99

Sadistic bearded prankster Bonnie 'Prince' Billy likes to keep his fans
perpetually corralled on the same prairie of misguided outrage where irate Bob
Dylan fans once cried 'Judas'. He's already tested our patience with a patchy
live album and cheesy Nashville-style reworkings of his best songs. Now comes
this provocative covers album, featuring heartfelt versions of Elton John's
'Daniel' and Bruce Springsteen's 'Thunder Road'. Against all the odds, it's a
cracker.

CLAP YOUR HANDS SAY YEAH

WICHITA pounds 11.99

Having risen to prominence somewhat prematurely, courtesy of the same internet
euphoria that propelled Montreal's Arcade Fire to their pre-eminent position in
2005's end-of-year calculations, this Brooklyn-based quintet have become subject
to that dreariest of modern phenomena - the pre-emptive backlash. Fans of
euphorically off-kilter indie-rock are strongly advised not to let the
nay-sayers spoil their fun, however, as this debut collation of nervous tics and
skittish euphoria is a neurotic blast from start to finish.

BROKEN SOCIAL SCENE

CITY SLANG pounds 12.99

How many Canadians can safely be accommodated on a single musical bandwagon?
That is the question this ever-expanding Toronto super-group seem hell-bent on
answering. Now numbering 17 members and with an aesthetic that never throws in
the kitchen sink when the dishwasher is available, their symphonic hubbub can be
an inchoate mess. Happily, too many swirling melodies survive to jeopardise the
cultural ascendancy of the land that brought us Rush and Margaret Trudeau.

ETHIOPIQUES

BUDA MUSIQUE pounds 12.99. THREE SONGS FROM THIS SUPERB COLLECTION OF ETHIOPIAN
JAZZ BRIGHTENED UP THE OTHERWISE DOUR CINEMATIC LANDSCAPE OF JIM JARMUSCH'S
BROKEN FLOWERS. AND GIVEN THAT THE EXPRESSION 'PERFECT DINNER-PARTY MUSIC'
CANNOT BE USED IN ANY OTHER THAN A PEJORATIVE CONTEXT, LET US SAY THAT A LONE
FRIEND IS COMING ROUND TO YOUR HOUSE FOR SOMETHING AS UNCONTENTIOUS AS A CHEESE
SANDWICH, AND YOU HAPPEN TO BE PLAYING THIS EXQUISITE RECORD, AND THE FRIEND
MARVELS AT ITS ARTISTRY AND SUBTLE SHIFTS IN TONE. WELL, THERE CAN'T BE ANY HARM
IN THAT, CAN THERE?

AMBROSE ADEKOYA CAMPBELL

LONDON IS THE PLACE FOR ME 3, HONEST JON'S, pounds 12.99

The Nigerian-born subject of this supremely evocative compilation is alive and
well and living in Plymouth. The remarkable career of the sprightly Campbell,
86, began in 1946, when he supplied the music for Britain's first black dance
company. He went on to become a pillar of the Soho demi-monde, while his band,
the West African Rhythm Brothers, established a vital point of musical
intersection between African, Caribbean and domestic pop styles.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Optimal Stimulus Amplitude for Vestibular Stochastic Stimulation to
Improve Sensorimotor Function

LENGTH: 666  words

DATELINE: Washington


National Aeronautics and Space Administration, The Government of USA has issued
the following news release:


Sensorimotor changes such as postural and gait instabilities can affect the
functional performance of astronauts when they transition across different
gravity environments. We are developing a method, based on stochastic resonance
(SR), to enhance information transfer by applying non-zero levels of external
noise on the vestibular system (vestibular stochastic resonance, VSR). Our
previous work has shown the advantageous effects of VSR in a balance task of
standing on an unstable surface. This technique to improve detection of
vestibular signals uses a stimulus delivery system that is wearable or portable
and provides imperceptibly low levels of white noise-based binaural bipolar
electrical stimulation of the vestibular system. The goal of this project is to
determine optimal levels of stimulation for SR applications by using a defined
vestibular threshold of motion detection.

A series of experiments were carried out to determine a robust paradigm to
identify a vestibular threshold that can then be used to recommend optimal
stimulation levels for SR training applications customized to each crewmember.
Customizing stimulus intensity can maximize treatment effects. The amplitude of
stimulation to be used in the VSR application has varied across studies in the
literature such as 60% of nociceptive stimulus thresholds. We compared subjects'
perceptual threshold with that obtained from two measures of body sway. Each
test session was 463s long and consisted of several 15s sinusoidal stimuli, at
different current amplitudes (0-2 mA), interspersed with 20-20.5s periods of no
stimulation. Subjects sat on a chair with their eyes closed and had to report
their perception of motion through a joystick. A force plate underneath the
chair recorded medio-lateral shear forces and roll moments. First we determined
the percent time during stimulation periods for which perception of motion
(activity above a pre-defined threshold) was reported using the joystick, and
body sway (two standard deviation of the noise level in the baseline
measurement) was detected by the sensors. The percentage time at each
stimulation level for motion detection was normalized with respect to the
largest value and a logistic regression curve fit was applied to these data. The
threshold was defined at the 50% probability of motion detection. Comparison of
threshold of motion detection obtained from joystick data versus body sway
suggests that perceptual thresholds were significantly lower, and were not
impacted by system noise. Further, in order to determine optimal stimulation
amplitude to improve balance, two sets of experiments were carried out. In the
first set of experiments, all subjects received the same level of stimuli and
the intensity of optimal performance was projected back on subjects' vestibular
threshold curve. In the second set of experiments, on different subjects,
stimulation was administered from 20-400% of subjects' vestibular threshold
obtained from joystick data. Preliminary results of our study show that, in
general, using stimulation amplitudes at 40-60% of perceptual motion threshold
improved balance performance significantly compared to control (no stimulation).
The amplitude of vestibular stimulation that improved balance function was
predominantly in the range of +/- 100 to +/- 400 micro A. We hypothesize that
VSR stimulation will act synergistically with sensorimotor adaptability (SA)
training to improve adaptability by increasing utilization of vestibular
information and therefore will help us to optimize and personalize a SA
countermeasure prescription. This combination will help to significantly reduce
the number of days required to recover functional performance to preflight
levels after long-duration spaceflight.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   December 16, 2002 Monday Michigan Edition

Bringing skills back home;
Broadway, TV set builder returns to hometown

BYLINE: By SHARON DETTMER; Tribune Correspondent

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C7; HOMETOWN

LENGTH: 631 words


ST. JOSEPH -- Joseph Chabot of St. Joseph likes to create really big scenes.

So, naturally, the skilled carpenter enjoyed the opportunity to build set design
projects for MSNBC-TV, museums and Broadway theater while working in New York
City for several years.

"I am willing to try to build just about anything, with enough money and time,"
said the industrious 1991 graduate of St. Joseph High School.

Before returning to live and work in St. Joseph, Chabot welcomed the challenging
work in the Big Apple.

Building sets for the world of cable television and Broadway theater
productions, Chabot attempted to "gently sway" technical set designers at times
into the "right creative direction."

"The designers generally dictate what they want in a set. As you work with them
more, you can sway them -- suggest a change to the design a bit. I had to
develop a way of finessing them, to convince them at times," Chabot said.

Learning the art of automation, welding metal work, building backdrops and
sharpening carpentry skills led him to a fantastic opportunity -- working on the
set of MSNBC.

Chabot landed a job as a carpenter with Showman Fabricators Inc. in 1994, but
soon discovered his welding skills were valuable to the company.

Showman Fabricators is a Brooklyn-based scene design shop, employing graphic
artists, carpenters, and other artisans for set design fabrication.

Mark Viola, director of sales and marketing for Showman Fabricators, said Chabot
worked on the award-winning, MSNBC project until completion. The
17,000-square-foot newsroom studio was completed in May 1997, according to
Viola.

The set, with a 30-foot-wide, lighted digital electronic display and pseudo
brick wall, won an Emmy award for set design.

Chabot was instructed by the company to fabricate and weld the 90-foot steel
catwalk seen on the MSNBC set. Eventually, he was assigned as technical director
for steel fabrication on the MSNBC project.

Chabot attended Indiana University South Bend, majoring in the university's
theater design program.

His career started with a stint as technical director for New York Stage and
Film Summerstock Theatre at Vassar College in Poughkeepsie, N.Y.

Then it was off to New York City.

Chabot worked as a freelance carpenter building off-Broadway sets on New York's
Theatre Row, teaching apprentice staffs how to fabricate theatrical sets.

After starting with Showman Fabricators in 1994, one of his projects was
building the podium that eventually was used for ABC-TV's "Who Wants To Be a
Millionaire" game show.

In fact, he's often surprised when he turns the television on. "Sometimes I see
things that I have built just pop up on the television screen," he said.

One of his more unusual design projects was the construction of a motorcycle
ramp for the "The Art of the Motorcycle Exhibition" in 1998 at the Solomon R.
Guggenheim Museum on Fifth Avenue in New York.

"It was supposed to look like a road, but it was a very strange road," Chabot
said.

After the tragic events of Sept. 11, life in New York City just didn't hold the
same attraction for Chabot anymore.

"It really made me re-evaluate my life. I got to the point where I was tired of
working for others. I wanted to come home," Chabot said.

He returned to St. Joseph High School in October 2001 to construct a theater set
for the school's production of "Oklahoma." His love for the theater, and the
learning experience it provided during high school years, has been valuable to
him, he said.

Tom Hevel, auditorium manager at St. Joseph High, was impressed by Chabot's work
for his alma mater.

"His precision woodworking skills are amazing," Hevel said. "Joseph built the
kind of set seen on Broadway. It's been fun for me, learning new skills from a
former student."


LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Joseph Chabot of St. Joseph, while living in New York City, worked on
the MSNBC set as a technical director, carpenter and welder.  Photo provided;
Chabot

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              552 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                              April 6, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Exxon offered to help sway public on offshore oil; Energy giant made proposal at
February meeting with Energy Minister Richard Neufeld in Texas

BYLINE: Judith Lavoie, Times Colonist

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 561  words


Energy giant ExxonMobil offered to help the provincial government influence
public opinion in favour of offshore oil and gas exploration and assist in
getting the federal moratorium lifted, during a meeting with Energy Minister
Richard Neufeld.

Opposition leader Carole James is accusing Neufeld of holding secret meetings
with the oil and gas industry and condoning the company's idea of using its
massive public relations machine to sway the beliefs of British Columbians.

Neufeld said the meeting was part of the government's normal business with oil
companies and there was never any indication the province would accept help from
Exxon.

The February meeting in Houston, Tex., was attended by four ExxonMobil
executives, Neufeld and three ministry staff.

The notes, obtained through a freedom of information request, show ExxonMobil
representatives initially talked about new environmentally friendly
technologies.

"How can E-M help move the moratorium and public opinion?" the notes say.

In reply, ministry representatives said the province is working on a new science
and technology program and moving towards developing regulations for B.C.

"Our goal is to have one level of government review. Key challenges are lack of
public knowledge and organized environmental groups," the notes say.

James said it is extraordinary Neufeld would not have mentioned the meeting when
the government came out with an energy plan dealing with climate change.

"Sadly, it's normal business practice for this government, which is looking at
protecting ExxonMobil's bottom line and not protecting public interest," she
said.

"He was not only looking at oil and gas -- that in itself should have been
public discussion -- but he was looking at how he could work with the company
itself to convince the public that oil and gas drilling was good for them."

However, Neufeld said he never indicated he wanted help from any oil company.
"That's their conversation, not mine," he said. "This is something that
governments have to do -- and the people, not big oil -- so we've never involved
big oil."

The ministry talks to big oil companies regularly because they pump billions
into the province every year, Neufeld said.

"This was kind of an ordinary discussion. They were saying, 'Is there something
we can help you with?'" he said.

There was no secrecy about the meetings and a telephone news conference was held
with reporters back in B.C., Neufeld said. "Carole James is dreaming in
Technicolor."

An e-mail from ExxonMobil media adviser Susan Reeves, sent to reporter Sean
Holman of the online publication 24 Hours, said meeting with B.C.'s energy
minister is part of the normal course of the company's business.

"The British Columbia offshore moratorium issue will be appropriately dealt with
by the provincial government of Canada [sic]," she wrote.

Jennifer Lash, executive director of Living Oceans Society, said offering to
sway public opinion appears to be normal behaviour for ExxonMobil, which has a
history of trying to convince the public that climate change does not exist.

"Now they're offering their resources -- their propaganda machine -- to help the
government mislead the people of B.C.," she said. "Exxon needs to understand
that the people of B.C. don't want to see offshore [oil and gas exploration]
and, I assume, they don't want the company's propaganda."

jlavoie@tc.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                         June 5, 2000 Monday 2D EDITION

Tiger gives kids thrill of a lifetime State champ learns thing or two, also

BYLINE: By Tom Kensler, Denver Post Sports Writer,

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 748 words


Nicole 'Nicki' Birdsong recently won the girls state high  school golf
championship. That's pressure.

But having her swing analyzed by Tiger Woods, that's something  else.

'You just have to take a deep breath and hope you don't miss  the ball,' said
Birdsong, 18. 'I've met some pro golfers before.  But this is definitely a
thrill. Tiger is as good as they come, as  good as there might ever be. I was a
little nervous until he  started talking to me. Then it was fun. He's close to
my age.'

Birdsong was among 25 junior golfers selected to receive  one-on-one instruction
from the world's top-ranked touring pro  Sunday during Tiger Woods Foundation
Junior Clinic activities at  Park Hill Golf Club. It took exactly one swing for
Woods to spot  Birdsong's tendency to sway her hips to the right during her
takeaway.

Woods squatted behind Birdsong and held out a club parallel to  the ground,
about an inch from her right hip. Any sway at all and  she'd bump into the club.

'Now don't cheat on it, don't cheat on it,' Woods said.

Birdsong smiled. Then she hit a middle-iron shot about as  sweet-spot pure as
you'll ever see - sailing high and straight  with a bit of a draw. Her hip did
not touch the club. 'I think  that's really going to help me,' said Birdsong,
who has committed  to play golf at the University of Denver this fall.

Denver was selected as the second of four sites for Tiger  Woods junior clinics
this year. The first was last month in  Oklahoma City. He also will work with
kids in New Orleans and  Norfolk, Va. Tiger's father, Earl Woods, estimated that
Tiger  could receive as much as $ 1.5 million per weekend if he hired  himself
out to a corporate outing. For the junior clinics, he  receives nothing. Tiger
covered the cost of the plane charter and  other expenses.

'He pays his own fare, without the fanfare, without saying  anything,' Earl
Woods said. 'He's postponing his preparation for  the U.S. Open (June 15-18 in
Pebble Beach, Calif.) to be here  because he wants to. The kids here realize
that somebody at the  top is willing to take time off to touch bases with them.
You can  see it in their eyes.'

In addition to the 25 juniors who received personal  instruction from Woods, 100
other youngsters got tips from area  club pros. The clinic concluded with a
trick-shot demonstration by  Woods surrounded on three sides by temporary
bleachers filled with  2,500 invited guests.

Some of the kids obviously were beginners. Others, including  16-year-old Bennie
Espinoza, could have a bright future in the  game. Espinoza, a junior-to-be at
Horizon High School, carries a 3  handicap. Espinoza said he never had received
a formal golf lesson  before it was his turn Sunday to be watched by Woods.

Not surprisingly, Espinoza tried to impress Woods with his  length and was
guilty of swinging too hard. He hit a couple of low  hooks.

'Make sure your posture is good and just let it flow. Just let  it flow,' Woods
suggested.

Espinoza relaxed and belted some drives down the middle. 'This  is the greatest
experience I've had so far in golf, talking to  Tiger,' he said.

Woods helped 13-year-old Brandon Stringfield cure his slice.  Stringfield, an
eighth-grader this fall at Martin Luther King  Middle School, had a problem with
his backswing. He didn't have  enough extension.

'He told me not to have my left arm so close that I could kiss  it,' Stringfield
said. 'I'm going to remember that today I met the  No. 1 player in the world.'

With the help of his father, Woods conducted his first clinic  when he was 13.
His passion for working with youngsters,  especially those from inner-city and
under-privileged backgrounds,  was interrupted during his years at Stanford
because the clinics  were deemed in violation of NCAA rules.

'I enjoy putting a smile on their faces,' Woods said. 'They're  also getting an
opportunity to participate in golf, which some of  them probably have never even
thought of. They don't have to play  golf for a living. It can maybe lead to an
opportunity to make  something of themselves in the business world.'

Each participant in the clinic wore black Nike shorts, a white  Nike golf shirt
and a Titleist visor.

The uniform came complete with a perpetual smile.

'Tiger told me he was proud of me,' Espinoza said. 'Someday  I'm going to tell
my kids about this.'

LOAD-DATE: June 06, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The Denver Post/Bill Ross photos Tiger Woods gave Jared Ito,
11, a lesson of a lifetime at the Tiger Woods Foundation junior clinic. Woods
also thrilled the crowd with his trick shots, below.

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 10, 2002 Thursday

HP head lambasts merger critics;
Says firm cannot remain 'frozen in time'

BYLINE: PATRICK BRETHOUR, TECHNOLOGY REPORTER

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: INTERNATIONAL; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE: LAS VEGAS


Hewlett-Packard Co. head Carly Fiorina has stepped onto the warpath, lambasting
critics of her company's merger with Compaq Computer Corp. as short-sighted
naysayers.

"Every step along the way, there's been the critics who said it can't be done,
it won't work, it won't succeed, it's not the HP way," the HP chairman and chief
executive officer said in a keynote speech at the Consumer Electronics Show on
Tuesday evening.

It was her most aggressive rebuke yet to opponents of the $25-billion (U.S.)
merger, and a barely veiled attack on Walter Hewlett, the HP director and
shareholder who has begun a road show to strengthen opposition.

While not naming Mr. Hewlett specifically, Ms. Fiorina said those who oppose the
merger are out of step with the heritage of founders Dave Packard and Bill
Hewlett, which she portrayed as one of constant change and risk-taking.

Hewlett-Packard shares jumped 3 per cent to $23.46 on the New York Stock
Exchange yesterday. Compaq's stock slid somewhat, falling 49 cents to $10.80 on
the NYSE. The spread between the value of HP's offer for Compaq shares and the
traded value of the shares widened yesterday as a result of the stocks'
movement. The spread is now 27 per cent, compared with 22 per cent on Tuesday,
which is still down from a December high of 33 per cent. Analysts say the spread
is an indication of the market's belief in the likelihood of the merger
proceeding.

Opponents of the deal, including members of the Packard family, have accused HP
management of betraying "the HP way," a corporate culture focused on engineering
prowess and cautious strategy.

But Ms. Fiorina said the company must change to survive. "HP cannot be a company
frozen in time," she said.

Ms. Fiorina and other HP executives met with more than 300 HP retirees yesterday
on the company's campus in Cupertino, Calif. Those retired workers don't hold
enough shares to sway the deal either way, but they are active on Internet chat
sites.

Mr. Hewlett, the director, opposes the deal, as do members of the Packard
family. Together the two families have an 18-per-cent block of shares that will
be voted against the deal. That's not enough to veto the deal, but the stance of
the two families is expected to sway institutional and retail investors.

And Mr. Hewlett is taking direct, if discreet, action to convince other
institutional holders to oppose the deal. Since early December, Mr. Hewlett and
his financial advisers have visited more than 20 large shareholders in New York
and elsewhere on the East Coast.

Ms. Fiorina vowed in December to take a more "aggressive" approach to selling
the merits of the blockbuster merger, which is aimed at creating a massive
diversified technology entity capable of challenging the supremacy of
International Business Machines Corp.

The HP CEO also tried to turn a chief argument made against the merged company
to her advantage, namely that the resulting large unprofitable personal computer
business would dilute HP's successful printing business.

Ms. Fiorina and other HP and Compaq executives have usually talked up the
benefits that a merger will give the combined company in corporate services,
playing down the importance of HP's consumer printing and imaging business. But
on Tuesday, she argued that the merger with Compaq will actually strengthen HP's
ability to develop new imaging and printing products, saying that only a firm
with a broad technology portfolio will have the resources to invent integrated
systems.

A spokesman for Mr. Hewlett said Ms. Fiorina's argument made little sense. "We
fail to see the connection between a profitable imaging and printing business
and the merger with Compaq," Todd Glass said.

He said Mr. Hewlett has met with at least 20 institutional investors. None of
them have publicly stated that they will oppose the deal, but Mr. Glass said
larger investors typically wait until the end of the proxy process to declare
their intentions.

Ms. Fiorina also announced on Tuesday upcoming products from HP, including a
personal computer to be introduced this year that will use Microsoft Corp.'s
Freestyle software. That software, still in development, will allow computer
users to use a remote control to interact with desktop machines.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2002 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 3, 2014 Saturday

Berks Democrats must focus on local races, Jim Dean urges

BYLINE: Liam Migdail-Smith, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 432 words


May 03--Don't worry too much about the political speculation coming out of
Washington, the leader of one of the nation's top Democratic fundraising groups
told Berks County Democrats Friday.

Sure, he said, some Democrats are worried about Republicans taking the Senate.
National committees are scrambling to get to help them fight it.

But Jim Dean, chairman of Democracy for America, said he doesn't buy into that
narrative.

That's partly because he doesn't think Democrats are in as much trouble as many
observers make them out to be.

But it's mostly because he doesn't see those Congressional and Senate races
being as vital to the party's success as local races for state legislative and
municipal offices.

"Those folks that are out pounding on doors, those candidates are the ones that
are going to get us votes up the ticket," Dean told a crowd of candidates and
party members at The Abraham Lincoln hotel in Reading.

Dean was the keynote speaker at the Berks Democrats' spring dinner.

His Vermont-based political action committee supports Democrat candidates and
helps groups and campaigns organize on the local level. It was founded in 2004
by his brother, former Vermont governor and presidential candidate Howard Dean.

Dean said his group doesn't start local activism. It just gives a boost to
efforts that are already happening.

He said candidates for local offices tend to be the ones that have the most face
time with voters. That puts them in the position to foster good impressions of
the party as a whole.

"It is those conversations that matter the most and it matters more than ever in
a non-presidential year," he said.

Volunteers that work on local campaigns also do a lot to sway voters by going
door-to-door and making calls in phone banks, Dean said. The work's not easy, he
said, but it matters.

"The toughest part of politics?" he asked. "Calling someone you don't know. But
it's the most important part of politics."

Pennsylvania is among several states in a unique position to sway national
politics because Democrats will be looking to upset Gov. Tom Corbett, a
Republican incumbent, Dean added.

Those races may seem to have more of an effect on the state politics than the
national stage, he said. But they can influence people's feelings in the next
presidential race.

"The best thing we can do for a good outcome in 2016," Dean said, "is to make a
good outcome in 2014."

Contact Liam Migdail-Smith: 610-371-5022 or lsmith@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2014 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140503-RE-Berks-Democrats-must-focus-on-local-races-Jim-Dean-urges-0503-201405
03

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2014 Reading Eagle


                              556 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 27, 2003 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Brown, Brown All Around

BYLINE: Patricia Dane Rogers, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Home; H01

LENGTH: 1008 words


The design world has been tossing a lot of intense colors at us lately. And
there is one school of thought that all that hot pink, lime green, sizzling
orange and shimmering blue can stand a little sobering up.

Enter dependable, steadying, comforting brown, a color much mentioned in knowing
design circles these days as being just the thing to ground all that fizzy
vibrance.

Legendary designer Billy Baldwin is often credited with being the first to use
brown with panache. His glossy tortoise-shell library for composer Cole Porter's
Waldorf Tower apartment in New York more than 50 years ago is still considered
the benchmark of brown rooms.

Later, Baldwin, who died in 1983 at the age of 80, treated walls of his own
glamorous midtown Manhattan apartment a shade he once described as "my favorite"
-- a shiny "Coromandel black-brown."

Editors of top design magazines see the brown uptick in houses from coast to
coast, in its deepest coffee and chocolate incarnations down to paler bronzes
and caramel. "There are a lot of brown walls out there," says House Beautiful's
Mark Mayfield. "The easiest thing is to do them against cream upholstery à la
Billy Baldwin, but the trend is toward creating a different, more adventurous
formula with splashes of vibrant color that we haven't seen with browns before:
Put pinks, turquoises and chartreuses against brown walls, and they pop."

Just such color combinations are turning up in a wide range of home products,
from bed linens (Atlanta-based Sway, a luxury bed-linen design company recently
introduced a "caffe and bamboo" combo with reversible shams, duvets and pillows
[www.swayhome.com]); to rugs (a brown wool area rug with shocking pink dots by
Maine designer Angela Adams can be ordered at Apartment Zero in downtown
Washington as can Sway products); to fabrics (pink peacocks and strawberries
flock together on a brown background in "Bakerbird," a top-selling cotton print
at Calico Corners).

At the recent International Designer Show House in New York, curtains in
"Abbondio," a dramatic $350-a-yard chocolate Rubelli silk with jumbo blue
arabesques, was the star of a study by Parisian designer Jean-Louis Deniot; it's
available through designers at J. Lambeth & Co. at the Washington Design Center.
New York interior designer Victoria Hagan based her entire new fabric, furniture
and accessories collection, sold through Holly Hunt showrooms nationwide, on a
deep brown color she calls espresso. "I like its boldness," she says, "and its
warmth."

Mark Woodman, color marketing and design manager for Beltsville-based Duron
Paints & Wallcoverings, credits the current popularity of brown to its honest
appeal to the senses. "Brown has morphed into something extremely sensory, and
people take the same kind of lovely solace in it as with Godiva or the finest
pipe tobacco."

Woodman painted his own foyer with wide horizontal stripes of Duron's Spicenut
(No. 8755A), interspersing them with parallel slivers of Jeffrey Blue (No.
8012W). "It made the space feel welcoming," he says, "like someone had wrapped
their arms around you."

Architectural Digest's no-non- sense editor-in-chief, Paige Rense, sounds a
cautionary note about overdoing the color: "Page after page of brown furniture
and walls and our readers will nod off in a brown- induced coma." Brown "can be
chic in small doses," she says, "but it doesn't change your life. . . . Many
brown rooms in New York apartments are seen only at night. Brown and aubergine
can be depressing in the daylight. As a designer, you have to think of the
emotional well-being of your client. I think people are hungry for Matisse
colors."

"Brown has punch," says Washington designer Whitney Stewart. "You can't go wrong
with beige, and you can't go wrong with dark brown. But you're upping the ante
when you use chocolate as a background color. It's nervier than beige." She
likes Donald Kaufman's DKC50 wall paint, "a delicious, velvety matte chocolate
for the walls with splashes of icy blue or lime green fabric" (www.donald
kaufmancolor.com; 201-568-2226).

Decorative painter Malcolm Robson of Robson Worldwide Graining in Lorton, whose
international clientele includes Buckingham Palace and Oscar and Annette de la
Renta, says if not used carefully, the color can swallow other elements in a
room. "Brown furniture -- even wonderful mahogany and walnut -- completely
disappears against brown walls."

The pros are divided on which paint finishes -- matte or shiny -- show brown to
best advantage. Woodman, Stewart and New York interior designer Richard Keith
Langham vote for matte's subtle suedelike look; Hagan prefers a little gloss.
Otherwise, she says, "brown can look a little dead." She lacquered her own New
York foyer with Sherwin-Williams' espresso-dark Black Bean (No. 6006), paired
with Pratt & Lambert's Ancestral White trim (No. 1426 FB) and a soft khaki for
the ceiling. She says, "You need a little cream with the coffee."

A few other tips from design pros:

*  Langham likes the surprise factor of a matte brown ceiling and crimson walls.
In his   New York showroom, a coral sofa and a Bessarabian rug with stylized
pink roses and acid green foliage on a brown background are brought down to
earth by cocoa walls (Pratt & Lambert's Congo Brown No. 2065).

*  Chevy Chase designer Sue Burgess suggests pairing periwinkle blue walls with
brown and white toile upholstery and a chocolate rug. "A vibrant wall color can
take your breath away, so earth tones make a wonderful counterpoint."

*  "I love seashell pink with brown," says Washington designer Joseph Paul
Davis. "In a summer house or in Palm Beach, pale pink walls and furniture with
brown slipcovers piped in white would be dynamite." A favorite wall paint is
Duron's Mission Brown (No. AC140N).

*  Washington decorator Darryl Carter uses brown liberally. "There is a Manuel
Canovas chocolate brown velvet I like for drapery banding against natural
linens. I love dark mahogany furniture against Benjamin Moore's historic color,
Hawthorne Yellow (No. HC-4).

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              557 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 30, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Gardens Rise Where Rubble Once Held Sway

BYLINE: By ROBERTA HERSHENSON

SECTION: Section 11WC; Page 37, Column 1; Westchester Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 685 words


ROSALIE ARCHER'S corn sways high as a man, while Lawrence Bailey's cabbages are
the size of basketballs. On weekends and evenings these city farmers join their
neighbors to pull weeds and harvest crops at a formerly rubble-strewn lot in
downtown Yonkers that has been transformed into a community vegetable garden.

For 30 inner-city apartment dwellers, many of whom grew up on farms, the garden
- sponsored by the Rotary Club of Yonkers in cooperation with the city's Parks,
Recreation and Conservation Department - represents an unusual opportunity to
work a plot of land and grow food for economy and pleasure. Murray Bodin, the
Rotary Club member who began the project, beams when he talks about the sense of
pride and accomplishment reflected on the fertile corner, where gardeners water
each other's tomatoes and keep an eye out for vandals.

But to Mr. Bodin, an engineer who owns a dry-cleaning store in the neighborhood,
the 50-foot-by-150-foot-long strip of green is ''not just a garden'' but a first
step in solving a variety of urban problems, not the least of which is garbage
disposal. The garden is planted in a 10-inch layer of compost - recovered by the
city from stump removal operations and brought to the site, which was previously
covered with broken concrete from building demolition.

''From my graduate work on a resource-recovery program I saw that various wastes
could be composted and used for something productive,'' Mr. Bodin said. ''It's
too easy not to do. It's a low-investment, high-return activity that can't
lose.'' Mr. Bodin noted that planning for the community garden had begun five
years ago. In addition to arranging for the use of the land and laying the
compost, Yonkers also supplied water and provided street lighting and a fence at
the site. Con Edison donated wooden poles (without creosote) to lay on the
ground to contain the soil, which was tested for safety by the county's
Cooperative Extension Association. (Gardeners were asked to grow vegetables
above ground for the first year as a precaution.) The Rotary Club provided a
budget for seeds and tools.

''The beauty of this project is that it can be duplicated all over the city and
county with easily available material,'' Mr. Bodin said. ''This isn't like the
situation in New York City, where people won't give up the land. If someone buys
this property (the lot is city-owned), we'll pick up the dirt with a bulldozer
and transport it to another lot.'' Mr. Bodin estimated that there were 175 such
vacant lots in Yonkers.

He added that he would gladly arrange to move the garden ''if someone comes in
and upgrades the community and spends thousands to create jobs and housing.''

In addition to providing a use for compost and bringing city residents closer to
nature, the gardens ''get people involved, build community spirit and help keep
the neighborhood clean,'' Mr. Bodin said.

More pocket gardens were planned for next summer, he said, including plots for
Girl Scouts and the elderly. ''I'd like to see kids and the elderly working
together,'' he added. Other plans include creating a vineyard and bringing in
neighborhood schoolchildren ''to make wine, or at least grape juice,'' Mr. Bodin
said.

Mr. Bodin, a Hartsdale resident, was born in Yonkers, where his family has been
in the laundry and dry-cleaning business for 50 years. ''My family has always
felt that if you have a business in a community you should do something for the
good of the people there,'' he said. His late father was active in another
Rotary Club garden project years ago, while he himself ran a soapbox derby for
several years in connection with the Yonkers Jaycees.

This summer's garden was not widely publicized, for fear of vandalism. Many of
the gardeners know neither Mr. Bodin nor of his determination to keep the
project going even if the land is puchased. Miss Archer, who lost a previous
garden to redevelopment, sighed when she saw a photographer taking pictures of
the site.

''This one will come to a close, too,'' she said. ''The minute somebody shows
that the land is good, everybody wants it.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Lawrence Bailey in his vegetable plot at the community garden;
Photo of cabbages; Photo of Rosalie Archer tending her community garden plot
(Roberta Hershenson)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              558 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             May 21, 2011 Saturday

Preakness: The 'expert' selections

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: SPORTS; Other

LENGTH: 86 words


Preakness Stakes picks by Racing Writer Paul Daley and other "experts" on the
Sun payroll:

Paul Daley

Win: Mucho Macho Man

Place: Animal Kingdom

Show: Sway Away

(Kentucky Derby pick: Animal Kingdom, 1st)

Nick Caraganis

Win: Dance City

Place: Animal Kingdom

Show: Dialed In

(Kentucky Derby pick: Animal Kingdom, 1st)

Jim Campanini

Win: Animal Kingdom

Place: Mucho Macho Man

Show: Shackleford

(Kentucky Derby pick: Shackleford, 4th)

Dennis Whitton

Win: Sway Away

Place: Shackleford

Show: Dialed In

(Kentucky Derby pick: Pants on Fire, 9th)

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             March 3, 2015 Tuesday

Area rich in leading lawmakers [JUMP]They'll hold sway in legislative session
beginning today;
They'll hold sway in legislative session beginning today

BYLINE: JAMES L. ROSICA Tribune/Scripps Capital Bureau

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; NationWorld; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 625 words



HIGHLIGHT: Who are the movers and shakers this legislative session from the
Tampa Bay area?


TALLAHASSEE - The Tampa Bay region now boasts a host of state lawmakers in
leadership positions as the Legislature kicks off its 117th regular session
today.

The annual 60-day meeting runs through May 1.

The Bay-area delegation includes the Senate and House budget chiefs, a House
majority leader, Senate majority leader and minority leader, and a possible
future Senate president, among others.

Here are highlights:

[diams]Sen. Tom Lee, R-Brandon, is chair of the Appropriations committee, which
puts together the state's yearly spending plan.

He first served in the Senate 1996-2006, including a stint as president his last
two years. Voters returned him to the Senate in 2012.

Lee already is faced with the challenge of plugging a budget hole that may open
if the federal government discontinues more than $1 billion in reimbursement for
hospitals' charity care.

Rep. Richard Corcoran, R-Land O' Lakes, is the House appropriations committee
chair.

He was first elected in 2010 after serving as chief of staff to Republican Marco
Rubio when Rubio was Florida House speaker.

Rubio, now considering a presidential run, represents Florida in the U.S. Senate
along with Democrat Bill Nelson.

Corcoran is slated to take over as state House speaker in two years after the
term of current Speaker Steve Crisafulli.

Rep. Dana Young, R-Tampa, is House Republican leader. She was first elected in
2010 and previously served as deputy leader and majority whip.

Young has taken on issues such as craft beer regulation and gambling reform,
including a comprehensive gaming package she filed Monday.

Among other things, the measure would allow for two destination resort casinos
in South Florida, let the state's dog tracks stop live racing but keep slots,
and establish a new statewide gaming commission.

Sen. Bill Galvano, R-Bradenton, is leader of the Senate Republicans. He was
first elected in 2012 after serving eight years in the House.

His sprawling Senate district covers parts of seven counties, including
southernmost Hillsborough.

Galvano, widely expected to seek the Senate presidency for 2018-20, was
instrumental in drafting the Seminole Compact, the revenue-sharing deal that
allows the tribe to offer blackjack at Tampa's Hard Rock Hotel & Casino and
elsewhere.

Last year, he pressed to repeal the law that requires groceries and drugstores
to sell hard liquor in a separate retail space. That bill died but has been
refiled by others for the current session.

Sen. Arthenia Joyner, D-Tampa, is the Senate's Democratic leader, having
succeeded Fort Lauderdale's Chris Smith.

Joyner was first elected in 2006 to a district that includes parts of
Hillsborough, Manatee, and Pinellas counties.

She's a civil rights pioneer, having been arrested and sent to jail as a Florida
A&M University student while picketing outside the whites-only Florida Theater
in Tallahassee.

Joyner has been a die-hard proponent of Medicaid expansion and promises to push
the issue again this year.

Other powerful legislators from the Bay area are Sens. Jack Latvala and Jeff
Brandes.

Latvala, R-Clearwater, regularly tackles big issues, such as a yearslong battle
to legalize 64-ounce growlers - the most popular size of the jugs used to take
home craft beer on tap.

This year, Latvala also is pushing for an overhaul of the state's utility
regulation board, saying it's too cozy with investor-owned utilities.

He's locked in a close contest with Stuart's Joe Negron to succeed current
Senate President Andy Gardiner.

Brandes, R-St. Petersburg, is a leader in advocating for emerging technologies.
For example, he has filed legislation to help app-based car services such as
Uber and Lyft.

jrosica@tampatrib.com

(850) 765-0807

Twitter: @jlrosicaTBO

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             July 21, 2015 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

As usual in the SEC, West is best

BYLINE:  By Dave Matter  St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 818 words


When Mississippi State football coach Dan Mullen studies the teams that make up
the Southeastern Conference West Division, in which his team resides, he sees
seven possible champions. This year is no exception.

"The best team in the Pac-12, the Big 12, the ACC, the Big Ten, their top team
could compete with any team in the SEC, there's no question about it," Mullen
said at last week's SEC media days in Hoover, Ala. "But when you're looking at
seven teams in the West that feel they have a legitimate chance to win that side
of the league, the competition week in and week out ... if you don't show up and
play your absolute best against every team on our side of the league, you're not
going to win.

"You can't play an OK game and find a way to squeak it out at the end."

Perhaps not, but there's an undercurrent to the SEC West bluster parade that
swept through Hoover last week: The SEC East teams have fallen behind their West
counterparts in more ways than one.

The truest measure of the SEC balance of power happens every year in Atlanta,
where the West champion has beaten the East winner in six straight conference
title games. The West won last year's march to Atlanta, too, with a 10-4 edge
over the East in regular-season head-to-head games. The West outscored the East
492-305 in those games.

A 2-5 record in last season's bowl games notwithstanding, the SEC West has
commanded a greater share of the national spotlight compared to the East. An SEC
East team hasn't been ranked No. 1 in the AP poll since Florida on Nov. 29,
2009. Since then, Alabama and Auburn have won four combined national
championships - and four different West teams have spent a combined 54 weeks at
No. 1, including Mullen's Bulldogs for five weeks last year.

Several factors have contributed to the West's rise, from recruiting to spending
to coaching stability. It's added up a to a seven-team division that has
unprecedented parity, at least in terms of preseason perception. All seven teams
received first-place votes to win the division in last week's poll. Alabama was
picked to win the West, and in the strongest if not strangest statement of the
division's power, Auburn received the most votes to win the conference title.

"I just think sometimes the balance sways and the power sways," Mullen said.

Especially on offense. Last year, the West produced four of the league's top
five offenses for yards per game and five of the top seven for points per game.
Five of the league's top six rushers came from the West, as did four of the top
six passers.

The divisions are separated by more than on-field results. In the SEC West, the
rich get richer. Consider ...

o The SEC's five highest-paid head coaches are in the West, led by Alabama's
Nick Saban - the country's highest paid coach at $7.1 million per year.

o Last year, the SEC West had four of the nation's five highest-paid assistant
coaches, according to USA Today. This year, Auburn made new defensive
coordinator Will Muschamp the top-paid assistant in the country ($1.6 million).

o In the 2013-14 fiscal year, six of the league's top eight spenders for
football came from the SEC West, according to the U.S. Department of Education.
Auburn led the way, spending $49.6 million on football. The average West team
spent $31.5 million

Florida's Jim McElwain is the league's only first-year head coach, but he knows
how the other half lives in the SEC. McElwain was Alabama's offensive
coordinator from 2008-11, just when the SEC's balance of power began to tilt
West.

"I think the one thing that they have done on that side (the West ) is they've
really invested in facilities," McElwain said. "They got out ahead of the curve
just a little bit."

The West has won the recruiting wars, too. From 2010-14, West teams signed 108
players rated among the top 100 high school players in the country each year by
Rivals.com 100, compared to 79 by East teams.

While Pinkel's Tigers have been the class of the SEC East the last two years,
going 7-1 in league play to capture the division outright both years, the league
dynamics have started to resemble Missouri's days in the Big 12. The Tigers'
rise to power in the Big 12 North coincided with drop-offs at traditional powers
Colorado, Kansas State and Nebraska. To MU's credit, Pinkel's team capitalized
and dominated the division in 2007-08.

The Tigers entered the SEC East under similar tones with Tennessee and Florida
not nearly as robust as their former selves. While East coaches Pinkel,
Georgia's Mark Richt and South Carolina's Steve Spurrier are in their second
decade at their respective schools, the other four teams have undergone coaching
changes since Mizzou joined the league.

Will the East catch up anytime soon?

"You have to give the West credit," Kentucky coach Mark Stoops said. "Shoot,
they're a bunch of good teams. They're a bunch of good coaches. They've got a
commitment from a lot of people to do things right."

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Mississippi State quarterback Dak Prescott celebrates after running
for a touchdown during the second half of an NCAA college football game against
Kentucky at Commonwealth Stadium in Lexington, Ky., Saturday, Oct. 25, 2014.
Mississippi State won 45-31. (AP Photo/David Stephenson)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                            December 7, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Can Oprah help Obama get votes?

BYLINE: Andrew Stern, Reuters

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 600  words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


CHICAGO - Celebrity political endorsements do not get much bigger than Oprah
Winfrey's.

But political experts say it is doubtful the popular U.S. talk show host can
sway votes to fellow-Chicagoan and first-term Illinois Senator Barack Obama, the
way she persuades viewers to turn books into instant bestsellers or adopt her
self-help philosophy.

"People say that she won't be able to snap her fingers and have Iowans jump,"
said Dennis Goldford, a political scientist at Drake University in Des Moines,
Iowa.

"She will help furnish him with an audience of people attracted to her, for him
to make his own pitch," Goldford said. "I think she can sell his books a lot
easier than she can sell his candidacy."

Winfrey's book club choices have catapulted such tomes as Anna Karenina and The
Road to bestseller lists, and her shows featuring serious topics such as child
abuse have earned numerous awards, and imitators.

The media spotlight is expected to shine this weekend on big crowds at four
joint appearances by Winfrey and Obama. On Saturday they hit Des Moines and
Cedar Rapids, Iowa, and on Sunday they hit two other early voting state, with
stops in Columbia, S.C., and Manchester, N.H.

Iowa holds the first contest of the party nominating process with its Jan. 3
caucuses. Last weekend's Des Moines Register newspaper poll showed Obama edging
ahead of New York Senator Hillary Clinton in Iowa, with former North Carolina
Senator John Edwards trailing just behind.

The campaign bills Winfrey as Obama's "special guest," and those wanting to
secure a seat at the free Iowa events were asked to volunteer or take a caucus
training course.

Obama and Winfrey are both African-Americans and both make their homes in
Chicago.

"The back story here is that Oprah knows Obama," Northwestern University
political analyst Reuel Rogers said. "Both are from Chicago, and she's known him
for a long time. As she put it, she can attest to 'the depths of his moral
authority.' It's a very distinct personal relationship. It makes me wonder if
she got to know the other candidates, maybe she'd feel that way about them."

Three-quarters of the 8.6 million viewers tuning in to Winfrey's show are women,
and she reaches 46 million unique viewers each week. More than half are over 50
years old, and older people are more likely to vote.

Any voters put off by Winfrey and Obama both being black would be unlikely to
vote for Obama anyway because of his race, Rogers added.

While neither Iowa nor New Hampshire has a sizable black population, South
Carolina does, and Obama has been vying with Clinton to win support from blacks
and from women -- both strong Winfrey constituencies.

Still, Winfrey's celebrity is just that, analysts said, with limited sway over
voters, although she could rouse some non-voters to get involved.

But a Pew Research poll found that 69 per cent of respondents would not be
influenced by Winfrey's endorsement of Obama. Of the 30 per cent who would be
influenced, half were more likely to back her choice and half were less likely.

"Voters typically look for their cues on whom to vote for from political elites
and individuals from their own lives, workplaces, and schools," Rogers said.

Still, there were those who found the notion of celebrity endorsements noxious.

"It's particularly sad there are some people will let them tell them how to
vote," Des Moines resident and teacher Lee Jolliffe said. "It started out I
didn't like Obama. Oprah's endorsement is icing on the cake. Obama is to
politics what (frequent Winfrey guest and psychologist) Dr. Phil (McGraw) is to
counselling: slick and shallow."

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                              May 13, 2005 Friday
                                  City Edition

'IT'S ABOUT PEOPLE';
CHANGING MINDS;
Quincy cancer survivor on stem-cell research crusade

BYLINE: Dan Deleo

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 734 words


The Patriot Ledger As someone who has gone two rounds with cancer, enduring
years of chemotherapy and radiation treatment, Nicholas Puleo sees the promise
of stem-cell research as the best hope for millions of suffering people.

His leukemia in remission, the 22-year-old from Quincy is beginning a one-man
campaign to sway the opinion of anyone who is opposed to the controversial
medical research, which involves the creation and destruction of human embryos
in a process scientists call therapeutic cloning. Experts say stem-cell research
could lead to cures for diabetes, Parkinson's and, one day, possibly cancer.

Tomorrow, Puleo will debut as an unofficial spokesman for the cause before a
friendly audience: the Massachusetts Democratic Party. He will address 2,500
delegates at the party's annual convention in Lowell.

"This is something that needs to be talked about," Puleo said. "The promise of
this research is unimaginable."

The Democratic-controlled Legislature recently passed a veto-proof bill
legalizing the research, including therapeutic cloning.

At the convention, delegates are likely to add a plank to the party platform
supporting the Legislature's action, party spokeswoman Jane Lane said.

But the debate is not over. Yesterday, Gov. Mitt Romney sought to restrict the
measure by adding a ban on the creation of human embryos for scientific
research.

Julie Teer, Romney's spokesman, said the governor supports stem-cell research
using leftover embryos but opposes human cloning.

"(Romney) is optimistic about the potential medical advances with stem-cell
research, but there are important ethical boundaries that need to be considered,
which is why he is opposed to cloning," Teer said.

It is just that kind of thinking Puleo, a recent Northeastern graduate, hopes to
sway.

Although he voted for the governor in 2002, Puleo said he is disappointed in
Romney's position on stem-cell research.

"This is not a liberal thing, it's not a conservative thing, it's about people
who are suffering and it's about finding cures," he said.

Puleo's cure involved six years of chemotherapy and radiation treatment.

He was a 14-year-old Boston College prep school student when he learned he had
Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia, a disease that attacks at the cellular level,
causing the body to produce too many malfunctioning white blood cells.

He underwent chemotherapy once or twice a week for 21/2 years. The debilitating
treatments, which utilize powerful chemicals to attack the cancerous cells, left
him weak, relying on a cane to a walk. But he managed to graduate high school on
time and with stellar grades.

For a time, he had the disease beat.

But the cancer came back.

Puleo had just started at Northeastern University. Out of no where, he developed
a limp. Doctors were perplexed.

To be sure, they performed a spinal tap. This time, they found that leukemia was
attacking his central nervous system.

"For someone who had gone through it already and had done everything they were
supposed to, to hear the doctors say your cancer is back was a crushing blow,"
he said. For the next three years, Puleo juggled classes, an internship at The
Patriot Ledger and more chemo and radiation treatments.

While his classmates were blowing off steam on the weekends, Puleo was in a
hospital bed at the New England Medical Center in Boston. He'd check in Friday
and check out Sunday. While there, he endured treatment that made his hair fall
out, sapped his strength and, at times, his spirit.

"It consumes you. When you're at the hospital, you're thinking about being stuck
there, and when you're not there, you're thinking about not wanting to go back,"
he said.

But with the support of his parents, Lorraine and Jack, his brother, Matt, and
good friend, Sarah Farris, he made it through.

Last September, his cancer went into remission. Last month, he received his
degree in political science. Now he is job hunting.

And he is beginning what he expects to be a long career in political activism.
He hopes to be involved one day in public policy and would consider running for
elected office.

The key, he said, was always pushing forward in life and fighting the
understandable urge to feel self-pity.

"I didn't want to let the cancer define my life, I wanted to define my life with
cancer," he said. "And I managed to somehow, with the support of family and
friends, get through it." Dan DeLeo may be reached at ddeleo@ledger.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Patriot Ledger


                              563 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            November 5, 2006 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

SMART DESIGNS CAN PAY OFF;
RETAIL ARCHITECTS SAY BETTER LOOKING STORES CAN EQUAL BETTER LOOKING SALES
RESULTS

BYLINE: Teresa F. Lindeman, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 1529 words


Edward A. Shriver Jr. stood outside a Shadyside coffee shop and pointed at the
garage door-style window that, when rolled up, allows in fresh air, street
sounds and even people who sometimes step right through.

"I love it," said the Pittsburgh architect who works in retail but was not
involved in the Coffee Tree Roasters design. "It's really effective at breaking
down barriers."

The chic, small Walnut Street space seems light years away from the designs that
have dominated American retail architecture in recent decades. The words "new
shopping center" typically bring to mind boring huge white boxes constructed in
a sea of asphalt.

But retail architects see clients' growing interest in more interactive spaces
and in urban settings such as Shadyside as a sign that even results-driven
merchants are recognizing that better store design -- inside and out -- can
contribute to better sales.

It's not just funky computer retailer Apple's experiments with a stainless steel
exterior on Walnut Street and a huge, clear glass store on New York's Fifth
Avenue that signal change. Even Wal-Mart, which has been dogged by groups trying
to block out its mammoth boxes, has begun trying to tailor store architecture to
particular neighborhoods.

"Better things are coming ... Bear with the damn white stores a little while
longer," said Russell Sway, an Atlanta architect who serves as international
chairman for the Institute of Store Planners.

Retail and commercial space accounts for about 10 percent of revenue reported by
firms in the American Institute of Architects, making it the fourth-largest
category behind educational facilities, office buildings and health-care sites.

That's not to say it's by any means among the sexiest or most lucrative work
architects pursue. Indeed, those who work on retail accounts say the fees don't
come close to those paid by major developers looking for signature office
buildings. While the field can be addictive with the constant challenge of
keeping stores fresh, architects generally strive for something more than an
assignment to adapt the same, square box to different terrains.

Still, retail architects wouldn't mind getting a bit more respect from their
peers, and with a growing number of chains starting to come to the conclusion
that design matters, they may soon get it. Mr. Shriver admits he indulged in a
Rodney Dangerfield moment two years ago, complaining to a friend that retail
architecture didn't get much attention. She suggested he put up or shut up. Now,
in a way, he is.

As the chairman of the American Institute of Architects' new retail and
entertainment committee whose members include an architect with Walt Disney
Imagineering and Midge McCauley, a Washington, D.C., consultant who spent some
time working on Downtown's Fifth and Forbes retail district, Mr. Shriver is
helping set a sort of new agenda for retail architects.

As a practical matter, the realities of tight budgets and the transient nature
of retail still mean store architects rarely get to create the next Guggenheim
Museum. But at a roundtable discussion the new AIA committee hosted last June in
Los Angeles, the general agreement was that, as one participant reportedly
observed, "the bar is pretty low" in the United States.

Among the new group's goals is to look at how retail design can affect the sense
of community and create livable spaces. More pragmatically, it also wants to
promote research into practices that help the client's sales.

Mr. Sway, who is not involved in the AIA group, agreed that last point is
critical. "All of us who design would not have a job if not for the customer.
That's reality."

The store models that people find so easy to criticize do have advantages. The
technique of using architecture as both a brand and an efficient expansion tool
may go back to Howard Johnson's, which put orange roofs across the landscape to
assure traveling families they'd recognize the menu there.

Another architectural innovation that produced many a boring structure was the
enclosed mall, which pulled a roof over the old shopping street and allowed
developers to simplify construction and design. Malls quickly turned into boxes
with smaller boxes inside.

Mr. Shriver worked on department stores such as Kaufmann's back when many were
freestanding buildings tailored to particular sites. When those moved to mall
settings, the design focus turned to efficiency and consistency. "To this day, I
can walk into a department store and tell you where the bathrooms are in two
minutes," he said.

The uniformity trend both inside and outside of the malls accelerated in the
1990s. "Not only did the merchandise begin to look the same, but the stores
looked the same," said Mr. Sway.

Retail mergers and the ease of rolling out prototypes took such a toll on work
available to members of the Institute of Store Planners that the group's
Pittsburgh chapter closed a few years ago and the national group had some shaky
moments.

But things began to change toward the end of the '90s, led by specialty
retailers seeking to create both exclusive merchandise and compelling stores.
The long rows of flat, glass windows that dominated mall interiors received a
jolt from such places as The Disney Store and anti-establishment teen retailer
Hot Topic that created unusual entrances to wake up passers-by.

Abercrombie & Fitch went further and broke up the entire facade with beach house
fronts for its Hollister stores, complete with small decks. American Eagle
Outfitters is now experimenting with a dramatic wooden wall entrance in its new
Martin & Osa chain.

The architectural community hopes that larger box retailers such as Macy's, J.C.
Penney and Kohl's, which have been fighting back against speciality retailers
with new product lines exclusive to their stores, will take the next step and
make their buildings unique, too. Target already is receiving praise for trying
two-story urban stores that break its traditional mold.

Mr. Sway, who turned to overseas assignments when work in the United States
thinned out, noted the Fine Living cable network has a show called "Opening
Soon: By Design'' that follows retail store openings. He's looking for new ideas
to come from an influx of international retailers and designers such as Giorgio
Borruso, who was featured in last week's show following his work on a flagship
Fila store in New York City.

He's also glad to see the growth of the new lifestyle centers that emulate old
town centers, such as The Waterfront in Homestead, or with a mix of retail,
office and residential like The SouthSide Works. The creators of a signature
lifestyle project near Columbus, Ohio, have built structures that can allow new
users to make dramatic changes.

Not everyone is enamored of the streetscape projects crafted by a single
developer trying to get the feel of a small town. "That's an attempt to make a
mall look like a real main street, but it usually feels fake and instantaneous
rather than authentic and incremental," said Douglas Kelbaugh, dean and
professor of architecture and urban planning at the University of Michigan.

It cannot be a true main street if the private owner controls all the buildings
and makes all the rules, including a ban on such things as political protests
and non-sanctioned public gatherings, he said. But Mr. Kelbaugh thinks there
could be a place for mass retailers such as Wal-Mart on a real main street if
the company is willing to adapt to its surroundings. The world's largest
retailer has already tried some new looks and is experimenting with different
formats.

The challenge of designing for urban settings was partly what drew Mr. Shriver
to move away from department stores and into his work as a principal in Downtown
architecture firm S+rada, which works on retail but also handles other types of
projects.

Mr. Shriver has worked with various developers trying to revitalize the retail
district along Fifth and Forbes avenues, and is now involved in the conversion
of the former Lazarus department store into a mixed-used development. His firm
designed the J. Crew store on Walnut Street and he's been back to help
re-configure spaces inside the Galleria at Mt. Lebanon, a former Kaufmann's
store.

He's learned there will always be a balance between ambitions and budget
realities. "A lot of architects don't understand the economics of retail," he
said.

But while demographics mean an architect can spend more money on a building on
Walnut Street than on one in Coraopolis, Mr. Shriver is convinced that doesn't
mean the less expensive store has to be a blight on the landscape. "You don't
have to abandon design to build concrete block boxes."

If budget concerns come with the territory, so does a certain loss of control
that architects such as Frank Lloyd Wright, known for telling clients where to
put their furniture, might not have tolerated.

Mr. Shriver glanced over at the sleek Banana Republic store up the street from
the coffee shop. He didn't work on the clothing store but he believes the big,
street-level windows were part of an architect's design to open the store up to
passers-by. "It would be nice if they put something in the windows besides sale
signs."

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Teresa F. Lindeman can be reached at tlindeman@post-gazette.com or at
412-263-2018.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Darrell Sapp/Post-Gazette: Edward A. Shriver Jr., talks about
one of the "J. Crew" buildings he worked on in Shadyside at the corner of Walnut
and Bellefonte streets. He is the founder and 2006 chairman of the new American
Institute of Architects Retail and Entertainment Committee.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              564 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            October 25, 2015 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Strauss: NFL session won't sway relocation process

BYLINE:  Joe Strauss St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 951 words


For those inclined to visit Peabody Opera House Tuesday night, be aware separate
entrances will be provided.

One for media. One for members of the public who navigated the on-line hoops
required for admission. And another for dogs and ponies.

In what should by now be recognized by everyone as part of the ultimate
insiders' game, the NFL will fulfill its obligation to St. Louis by conducting a
three-hour venting session as prelude to possible relocation of the Rams to
southern California. The league's road show continues to Oakland and San Diego
Wednesday and Thursday, when those markets presumably will similarly spew bile
about a process destined to leave one, perhaps two member cities without a team.

Signs are a Tuesday no-no, according to the league. Face-painting may be
tolerated.

Those attending might glean their three minutes of fame while opining why the
Rams should stay or go, and why the state and city should help underwrite a
second downtown stadium in barely 20 years.

Perhaps it will be cathartic for some. But thinking the vox populi will sway
this process is delusional.

Whether the NFL embraces a "California Solution" by transplanting the San Diego
Chargers and Oakland Raiders to a suburban Los Angeles facility is unknown, as
is the likelihood of it granting Rams owner Stan Kroenke permission to relocate
his franchise to a privately-financed palace in Inglewood. Speculation has
become a parlor game. "Insiders" purport to know the outcome yet strangely none
has yet reported it as fact.

As recently as Friday a player within the percolating intrigue insisted anyone
who claims to know what's in store the next three months is lying.

Of course, prevarication is every bit a part of the process as relocation.

We've already seen a mayor cry crocodile tears over losing a suit to force a
city referendum on financing a fresh facility.

This process isn't about civic populism, no matter how hard some local media
sell the notion. Buying tickets at the obsolete Edward Jones Dome, showing up at
Peabody, carrying signs and starting pep rallies create nice visuals but they
are only white noise when contrasted against the self-interest of 32 owners who
have kept vacant the nation's second-largest media market for 20 years.

Those hopeful the Rams remain in The 314 cite progress made by a gubernatorial
task force led by Dave Peacock and Bob Blitz.

Our Town has shown greater willingness to construct a new facility than either
San Diego or Oakland. But does it really matter?

A local financing plan released Friday afternoon barely moved the needle at NFL
offices. City Hall talks about using Tax Increment Financing and naming rights
fees to subsidize its share of costs. But the notion of investing tax money
gleaned from game-day concessions and parking hardly impresses a league that
views such resources as team-generated. As sane as the city's finance plan may
appear, when spokespeople from the mayor's office begin speaking of "intangible"
benefits that would offset any budgetary shortfall it's time to protect your
wallets. The percentage of revenues returned to the local NFL franchise as a
rebate remains a rather significant unknown.

Tuesday's Peabody spectacle may be entertaining but it won't carry a scintilla
of the impact of the NFL's inevitable brokered convention.

Two of three relocation candidates likely will hear good news. A third will just
as certainly be left without a chair. How the league finesses the "loser" will
be the most intriguing element.

Already we've seen the NFL overlook Kroenke's cross-ownership issues. The league
has hardly encouraged him to re-engage the city over the stadium issue. As
appealing as the Carson Project appears for a Chargers-Raiders joint occupancy,
the NFL has done zilch to douse Kroenke's vision.

Peacock meanwhile has begun to sound an alarm about the need for urgency. Any
interference by city alderman in order to force a March referendum could be
toxic to the process. If there's been a constant to all this, it's the universal
effort to keep city folk from giving a thumbs up or down.

Nine months and two weeks since Peacock and Blitz hosted a Union Stadium press
conference to unveil renderings of the proposed riverfront stadium, little is
known about where the league stands. It's fair to assume Peacock is selling St.
Louis to owners other than Kroenke, who hasn't engaged Gov. Jay Nixon or his
Task Force in talks since an arbiter sided with the Rams in a dispute over their
lease with the Convention and Visitors Commission.

A financing plan is essential to maintain credibility with the league. However,
ultimately it will be owners, not the league office, who determine the three
franchises' fate.

Fair to say the league would prefer a St. Louis team to hold the deed on its
stadium rather than serve as a tenant. Such an arrangement would leave the team
responsible for upkeep, though probably playing poorly with those sensitive to
public money being gifted for a private facility. (In better news, the NFL
continues to entertain Peacock and his vision, unlike the dead-on-arrival plan
advanced by an Oakland developer.) Still, Peacock can have no real idea whether
he's flying blind as the NFL has offered his task force no guarantees.

Peacock can't know where the goal line lay, or if further alterations to
financing equates to the city bidding against itself.

Shifting alliances among owners ultimately will carry the day more than past
association with the league as an Anheuser-Busch exec.

Even if Tuesday night at Peabody is part of an extended kubuki, those who use
the public entrance should bring their questions and their skepticism as well as
their enthusiasm for remaining an NFL city. It's your only chance.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Fans in the Edward Jones Dome spell out "Keep The Rams In St. Louis"
during the Nov. 30 game against the Oakland Raiders. Photo by Chris Lee,
clee@post-dispatch.com

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 31, 2011 Monday

BRIEF: KCAC Basketball Schedule

BYLINE: The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 116 words


Oct. 31--KCAC

Four-man Basketball Schedule

Monday

6 p.m. -- MSE vs. Buddha's; 7 -- Vu Villa vs. Cali Sway Dist.; 8 -- The Fuzzles
vs. Mile Hi CJD.

Tuesday

6 p.m. -- B League Bombers vs. Hertz Rent a Car; 7 -- Killoys vs. McQueen; 8 --
Logan's Heroes vs. GIACs.

Wednesday

6 p.m. -- B League Bombers vs. Buddhas; 7 -- Copper King Saloon vs. ESAC Hanging
Five; 8 -- Hertz Rent a Car vs. McQueen.

Thursday

6 p.m. -- ESAC Hanging Five vs. Cali Sway Dist.; 7 -- Mile Hi CJD vs. GIACs; 8
-- PSI vs. Steve French.

NOTE: The Fall League tournament will begin next week.

___ (c)2011 The Montana Standard (Butte, Mont.) Visit The Montana Standard
(Butte, Mont.) at www.mtstandard.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111031-BU-BRF-KCAC-Basketball-Schedule-1031-20111031

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2011 The Montana Standard


                              566 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 18, 2002, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Planned reforms overlook abuse of stock options

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 606 words

Today's debate: Corporate scandals

Our view: Loophole indicates corporations still hold sway over lawmakers.

When the Senate passed its sweeping corporate-reform bill Monday, Sen. Paul
Sarbanes, D-Md., called it a "major step forward toward restoring confidence" in
the stock market. Indeed, the overwhelming 97-0 victory marks a dramatic shift
in congressional sentiment from just a few weeks ago, when major corporate
reform appeared unlikely to succeed.


But even with the public's strong desire for fixes, powerful corporate interests
still sway Congress. How else to explain lawmakers' refusal to fix the most
glaring accounting abuse by almost every large corporation today: Companies can
pay executives massive amounts of money in the form of stock options without
listing the costs on their balance sheets. Yet they deduct those same costs from
their tax bills.

Thanks in large part to that dual benefit, the use of stock options has more
than quadrupled since 1995. Done right, options can align executives' interests
with shareholders', giving executives a powerful stake in their company's
long-term health. But the overuse of options is creating serious distortions in
the marketplace. Among them:

 * Inflated earnings. Under current rules, companies don't have to count the
cost of options as an expense. The result is that firms hide billions of dollars
in costs and inflate profits.

For example, Intel would have earned just 4 cents a share last year, 79% less
than it reported, had it included the cost of options. Overall, companies
inflated earnings by about 12% in 2000 using stock options, according to
TIAA-CREF, a large pension fund.

 * Short-term focus. The excessive use of options can have the perverse effect
of encouraging executives to pursue short-term gains in stock price, even if it
comes at the expense of the firm's long-term health. It also can insulate
executives from any harm they cause the company. Global Crossing's CEO walked
away with $ 730 million, even as the firm went bankrupt.

Properly accounting for the cost of options would minimize these distortions,
which is why everyone from Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan to the Council of
Institutional Investors endorses it.

Yet the industry still fiercely defends the current corrupt practice. Among the
arguments: Expensing options is too complicated, and making companies do it will
be the death of this important benefit.

None of these claims stands up to close scrutiny. If, for example, calculating
the cost of options is so difficult, why can companies do so when deducting the
costs on their tax bills? Microsoft, Intel and Cisco shaved a total of $ 17
billion off their tax bills during the past three years this way.

Business groups decisively fought past reform attempts. When the Financial
Accounting Standards Board had the temerity to suggest treating options as
expenses, the industry, along with its congressional patrons, pounced. The board
relented.

At least a few companies are rethinking their stand. This week Coca-Cola
announced it would start accounting for options. So did Bank One. That's
welcome, but until every company does the same, the doubts driving down Wall
Street aren't likely to end.

Change won't occur unless Congress acts. Lawmakers, like companies, need to come
clean with the public. Do they favor investors -- or corporate special
interests?

TEXT WITHIN GRAPHIC BEGINS HERE

Stock options explode

Stock-option grants, in billions:

1995: $ 26.5

1996: $ 39.6

1997: $ 55.6

1998: $ 86.7

1999: $ 110.5

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Keith Simmons, USA TODAY, Source: December 2001 Federal
Reserve Bank of New York study (BAR GRAPH)

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              567 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Times (London)

                            October 5, 2007, Friday

Riding high and scenting a big victory, Giuliani is ready for the culture war

BYLINE: Tim Reid, Manchester

SECTION: OVERSEAS NEWS; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 779 words


In the Red Arrow diner, amid steaming plates of blueberry pie and fried bacon,
Rudy Giuliani is grinning, signing baseballs and patting backs. He invokes
Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan, conservative heroes he would love to
emulate.

"Their partnership brought down the Soviet Union," the former New York Mayor
shouts above the din. He then gets to the business at hand: reminding people of
his heroic role after the September 11 terror attacks and his disdain for
Hillary Clinton.

Amid all the machismo of this diner in New Hampshire, the crucial first primary
voting state, Mr Giuliani knows that he is entering a critical phase of his
campaign for the Republican presidential nomination. Some religious
conservatives this week rebelled over his liberal views on abortion and gay
marriage.

Peppered by questions about whether he can win the nomination as a pro abortion
candidate, Mr Giuliani said: "I cannot be all things to all people. If you
disagree with me, don't vote for me." It was the clearest of signs that Mr
Giuliani has decided to ignore social conservatives in the belief that their
hold over the Republican nominating process is over.

The coming test of strength between Mr Giuliani and the Religious Right will
determine if the power of social conservatives, the driving force behind the
Republican resurgence of the 1990s, is waning.

Aides to Mr Giuliani believe that issues such as terrorism and Iraq -his
greatest electoral strengths -are of more concern to many evangelicals and
conservatives than abortion and gay marriage. The Religious Right is also in a
state of flux, with a younger generation that wants to move on from the culture
wars of the 1990s.

When the thrice-married Mr Giuliani announced his candidacy nine months ago, the
conventional wisdom was that he stood little chance of being nominated.

His liberal views on social issues, and an erratic private life, put him at odds
with the conservative Republican base, which has held enormous sway over the
party's primary process since the days of Ronald Reagan. But in new polls this
week, Mr Giuliani has not only maintained the frontrunner status he has enjoyed
since February, but increased it.

Nationally, he now leads his nearest rival, Fred Thompson, 34 per cent to 17. He
is making ground in Iowa, and has moved into a statistical tie in New Hampshire
with Mitt Romney, who enjoyed a double-digit lead there one month ago. He leads
in South Carolina, where social conservatives hold particular sway. Even more
intriguingly, he enjoys greater support among Republican evangelicals than any
of his rivals.

Last night Mr Giuliani's campaign team announced that he had raised $11 million
(£ 5.3 million) between July and September, more than any of his Republican
rivals, but less than half of the amount raised by Hillary Clinton.

Confronted with his surprising durability 90 days before the nominating process
begins, some Christian conservative leaders threatened to defect and rally
behind a third-party candidate if Mr Giuliani is nominated. The move indicated
how worried social conservatives have become about their influence in the party.

They have cause for concern. Last November Rick Santorum, a darling of social
conservatives, lost re-election to his Pennsylvania Senate seat in a landslide.

Ballot initiatives opposing gay marriage and abortion were defeated across
America. A recent Pew Research poll revealed a dramatic decline in support for
conservative issues such as "traditional moral values". Mr Giuliani's message
outside the Red Arrow was simple: he has the best chance to beat Hillary Clinton
in a general election, and he has the strength and leadership to confront
Islamic extremism. Polls support those contentions.

"Conservatives just want to keep Hillary out of office," Frank Luntz, a
Republican pollster, told The Times. "That helps Giuliani. And the battle
against radical jihadism has become a social issue for conservatives. For many,
September 11 has changed their priorities." Mr Giuliani has also been helped by
the lack of a clear conservative standard bearer. Mr Romney was pro-abortion as
little as two years ago. Mr Thompson, a late entry, has seen his campaign
falter. John McCain has never been trusted by the Right.

Mr Giuliani still faces big obstacles. But his chances of success will rest with
Red Arrow diners like Barbara Charrette, a committed social conservative.
"Issues like abortion have polarised the country. I'm looking for someone who is
tough on terror, and a good administrator. Everyone is looking for the best
person to beat Hillary. And that's Rudy."

Gerard Baker, page 19 Latest news on the White House race at
timesonline.co.uk/americas

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

                          January 11, 2006, Wednesday

Intelligent design stays in textbooks; lawsuit fear doesn't sway supporters

BYLINE: By Jim Provance

LENGTH: 767 words



COLUMBUS - The Ohio Board of Education yesterday refused to retreat from its
science standards and lesson plan after a federal court ruling struck down a
Pennsylvania school district's teaching of intelligent design.

Some members worried Ohio will be the next to be sued. Others encouraged a
lawsuit to settle the question once and for all of whether Ohio's science
curricula invite debate that some unnamed intelligent force may have played a
role in creating life on Earth.

A motion to remove language from the state's 10th-grade lesson plan titled
"Critical Analysis of Evolution" failed by a vote of 9-8. Proponents of the
three-year-old language said they hope the defeat will bring a swift end to the
renewed dispute.

Opponents argue that some suggested lessons under "Critical Analysis of
Evolution" were taken from texts often cited as pushing the intelligent design
concept.

"It reeks of ID," said Martha Wise, a board member whose district includes
Toledo. She offered the motion to delete the language.

Foes said intelligent design has no place in a science class. They said they'll
be back next month to try again when two board members who were absent yesterday
could be present.

"The way to set this to rest would have been to adopt the motion," said Patricia
Princehouse, an evolution biology professor at Case Western Reserve University
in Cleveland. "Now this has blown it up."

U.S. District Court Judge John E. Jones last month struck down the teaching of
"intelligent design" in science classes in the Dover Area School District in
south-central Pennsylvania. He found that the theory was creationism in disguise
and a violation of the constitutional separation of church and state.

The concept of intelligent design holds that life is too complex to have
occurred by happenstance, but that some guiding hand had to have played a role.

Supporters of the current language argue that the Dover rule, which mandated
teaching intelligent design, differs from Ohio's optional lesson plan.

Ohio uses the words "intelligent design" once in a parenthetical phrase noting
that a section asking students to "critically analyze" the theory of evolution
does not mandate the teaching or testing of intelligent design.

"If they think we're wrong, and they feel that strongly, then take us to court,"
said board member Michael Cochran of Blacklick, Ohio. "I don't think we'll be
sued. The last thing they want to do is to take us to court and have the state
win, because they'll have bad precedent."

Under pressure from the scientific and business communities, the State Board of
Education set out about five years ago to rewrite Ohio's science standards in
light of the state's pursuit of a more technical and research-based economy.

Among the criticisms of the old standards was one that didn't mention
"evolution," Charles Darwin's theory that man evolved over time from a
single-cell organism.

For the first time, Ohio's standards extensively mention "evolution." But they
also, for the first time, mention "intelligent design," albeit in that
parenthetical reference.

Opponents argue that documents obtained via a public records request from
Americans United for the Separation of Church and State, one of the groups
behind the Dover lawsuit, show Ohio's state board pursued its current language
despite cautions raised by experts within the Department of Education.

Deborah Owens Fink of Richfield, Ohio, was the board member who first introduced
the words "intelligent design" into the proposed standards when they were in the
early stages of being written. Her language was weakened significantly as the
process continued.

"Nothing has evolved in this debate," she said. "The reality is this critical
analysis lesson does not ask students to take a particular viewpoint on an
issue. ... It asks students to merely look at the evidence for the fossil
records, analyze what the evidence is, and look at issues that some scientists
prefer that students not critically analyze."

Two of northwest Ohio's board members - Chairman Sue Westendorf of Bowling Green
and Emerson J. Ross, Jr., of Toledo - voted to keep the current language. Lou
Ann Harrold of Ada, Ohio, joined Ms. Wise among those voting to delete the
language.

Contact Jim Provance at: jprovance@theblade.com or 614-221-0496.


-----


Copyright (c) 2006, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: TO-0111-Intelligent-design-stays-in-textbooks-lawsuit-fear-doesn-t-
sway-supporters

JOURNAL-CODE: TO

               Copyright 2006 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                     Copyright 2006 The Blade, Toledo, Ohio


                              569 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

SiriusXM Brings Boxing Back to Radio with Live Premier Boxing Champions
Broadcasts

LENGTH: 413  words

DATELINE: New York


Sirius XM Holdings has issued the following Press release:

SiriusXM announced today that it will begin broadcasting Premier Boxing
Champions fights to satellite radio listeners nationwide, bringing the sport
back to the national radio airwaves.
SIRIUS XM logo

Introduced in January of this year, Premier Boxing Champions is a new series -
created by Haymon Boxing - that features many of boxing's best and brightest
stars and champions.

SiriusXM's first broadcast will be the April 11 Garcia-Peterson/Lee-Quillin
fight card at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, NY.  Airing on SiriusXM Sports Zone,
channel 92 (8:00 pm ET), the big night of boxing features a clash of champions
Danny Garcia (29-0, 17 KOs) and Lamont Peterson (33-2-1, 17 KOs), and the
co-main event is champion Andy Lee (34-2, 24 KOs) against former champion Peter
Quillin (31-0, 22 KOs).

PBC on SiriusXM broadcasts will be produced by SiriusXM.  The broadcast team for
the April 11 card will feature former New York Athletic Commission Chairman and
former Editor-in-Chief of The Ring Magazine Randy Gordon as the blow-by-blow
voice and former heavyweight contender Gerry Cooney as the analyst.  Sway
Calloway, host of Sway in the Morning on Eminem's Shade 45 channel, will be the
ringside reporter.

SiriusXM will broadcast more than 10 Premier Boxing Champions events in 2015.
Future broadcasts will be announced at a later date.

"So many of the great moments in boxing history were experienced by fight fans
through their radios.  We'll deliver that experience again on SiriusXM by
bringing the sounds and excitement from ringside into those fans' cars, homes
and phones," said Steve Cohen, SiriusXM's SVP of Sports Programming.  "This is a
very exciting time for boxing.  The creation of the Premier Boxing Champions
series and the buzz around big fights and new stars has sports fans as
enthusiastic as ever about the sport.  We look forward to building on that
resurgence by offering live broadcasts of these terrific events to listeners
nationwide."

In addition to PBC on SiriusXM broadcasts, fight fans can tune in to exclusive
boxing talk shows on SiriusXM Sports Zone, channel 92.  Randy Gordon and Gerry
Cooney host At the Fights every Monday and Friday at 6:00 pm ET.  Going the
Distance, hosted by renowned trainer Teddy Atlas, Wallace Matthews and Nabate
Isles airs every Tuesday at 6:00 pm ET.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                              July 12, 2010 Monday

Look to can-do governors for ideas on jobs and economy;
In November, 37 states will elect governors, and there's really only one issue
that will sway voters' choices: how to boost jobs with economic growth.

BYLINE: the Monitor's Editorial Board

LENGTH: 579 words


At the summer meeting of the National Governors Association in Boston this past
weekend, Republicans and Democrats alike implored Congress to pass stalled jobs
legislation that includes billions of dollars in aid to the states.

It's understandable, this looking to Washington to tide over state budgets until
the economy picks up more steam.

Because of state constitutions that require balanced budgets, governors and
legislatures across the country have had to make brutal cuts and raise taxes.
The states want all the help they can get. In November, 37 states will elect
governors, and there's really only one issue that will sway voters' choices: the
economy.

And yet, it is the states themselves that so often lead the way, from job
creation to investments and reforms that will eventually lead to new jobs.

Some states have been blessed with natural resources to weather the Great
Recession and now sluggish growth. Earlier this month Newsweek reported on "The
Great Great Plains" - states such as North Dakota (which has the lowest
unemployment in the country, 3.6 percent in May), Kansas, and Texas. Basic
industries such as agriculture and oil have helped them. Fargo and Omaha are
boom towns attracting workers from around the country.

But these places have also expanded beyond the basics to more sophisticated
agricultural products and renewable-energy technology by making use of local
university research and graduates. In other words, they recognize the value of
an educated workforce.

Education is one area where states are now starting to make great strides. The
National Governors Association has moved mountains to come up with a common set
of reading and math standards for K-12. States are working to improve teaching
by linking pay to performance. A new law in Colorado, for instance, requires
teacher evaluations that tie at least half of their rating to student
performance. The trend toward measurable performance improvements has been
reinforced by the Obama administration's Race to the Top education initiative.

While Congress wrangles over climate legislation that will encourage new "green"
jobs, states have been blazing the way. About 30 states have mandates for
renewable energy, with California a leader. Interestingly, voters are leaning
against a ballot measure that would suspend the state's lower carbon emissions
targets until unemployment comes down, according to a new Field poll. They
recognize that while reducing greenhouse gases may have a short-term cost, it's
beneficial in the future.

Several states, meanwhile, have taken more traditional (and local) measures to
create jobs: tailoring programs to specific industries and hard-hit regions and
offering tax cuts to lure new industries. Tennessee Gov. Phil Bredesen, a
conservative Democrat, has attracted more than $4 billion in new business
investment to his state in the past 18 months through a series of tax breaks.

After two years of cutting and a third year on the way, government budgets are
in such bad shape that some states are getting serious about their most
difficult structural costs - compensation packages for public-sector employees.

At the governors' association meeting, New Jersey's Chris Christie, a
Republican, lashed out at public unions, saying they "need to become part of the
shared sacrifice."

Sacrifice. That's a word that state leaders are starting to use. When it comes
to handling long-term problems with the national debt, will Washington take
their cue?

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

California legalizes pot

BYLINE: By BROOKE EDWARDS STAGGS, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A

LENGTH: 473 words



HIGHLIGHT: Passage of Prop. 64 may sway federal conversation.


Californians have legalized recreational marijuana, with experts predicting the
Golden State will become the epicenter of the industry and potentially sway the
federal conversation on legal pot.

Proposition 64 sailed to victory Tuesday night, with The Associated Press
calling the race shortly after polls closed.

The measure, also known as the Adult Use of Marijuana Act, allows adults 21 and
older to possess up to an ounce of marijuana or 8 grams of concentrated cannabis
and grow as many as six plants per home.

Supporters of Prop. 64, who raised nearly $16 million and touted the measure's
social justice and tax revenue reforms, celebrated news of their win at election
night parties in Los Angeles and San Francisco.

"Today is a huge day, not just for the state of California but for the marijuana
movement in general," said David Dinenberg, chief executive of Los Angeles-based
Kind Financial, which makes software for the marijuana industry. "With the
world's sixth-largest economy legalizing marijuana, this could be the straw that
breaks the camel's back in regards to federal legalization."

Opponents of Prop. 64, who raised roughly $1.3 million while citing public
safety and health concerns, expressed disappointment at the outcome.

"After spending almost $20 million on Proposition 64, the financial investors
are the winners, and California's children, local communities and health care
systems are the big losers," said Andrew Acosta, spokesman for the No on 64
campaign. "It now falls on California's elected leaders to tackle the myriad
issues that were raised during this campaign - ranging from advertising to
marijuana-impaired driving."

The citizen-driven initiative prohibits driving while impaired, giving cannabis
to minors or consuming it in public. And it includes provisions for licensing,
testing, labeling, advertising and local control over businesses.

The act also establishes a 15 percent sales tax, plus a separate tax for
growers. The Legislative Analyst's Office anticipates revenues could top $1
billion annually, with funds dedicated to research, public safety, abuse
prevention and environmental protection.

"Prop. 64 will allow California to take its rightful place as the center of
cannabis innovation, research and development," said Nate Bradley, executive
director of the California Cannabis Industry Association.

Legal marijuana had a strong, though not sweeping, victory nationwide Tuesday.

Four other states also voted on whether to legalize recreational marijuana.
Massachusetts approved its initiative, while Maine and Nevada efforts appeared
poised to pass. Arizona rejected the move.

Four more states voted on medical marijuana. Florida, North Dakota and Arkansas
voters said yes, with an initiative in Montana also on track to pass.



714-796-7963 or bstaggs@ocregister.com Twitter: @JournoBrooke

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             October 7, 2007 Sunday
                                Michigan Edition

Polls reveal more than just who's ahead

BYLINE: By JACK COLWELL, Tribune Columnist

SECTION: BUSINESS; OPINION; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 753 words


Polls show South Bend Mayor Steve Luecke and Mishawaka Mayor Jeff Rea each ahead
by 12 percentage points in their races.

Let's ponder some questions about those mayoral races.

Q. Well, is a 12-point lead safe?

A. No, although it sure is nicer to be ahead by 12 than to be trailing by 12.
And a double-digit lead is significant, beyond the statistical margin for error
in the polls conducted by Research 2000 for The Tribune and WSBT-TV. But don't
just look at the "who's ahead?" portion of the polls.

Q. Why not? Isn't a poll taken to show who's winning?

A. The so-called "horse race" part of a poll showing who's ahead gets most of
the attention, even though it can be misleading. Professional pollsters and
political consultants and analysts often find more meaning in other parts of a
poll.

Q. Like what?

A. Like the percentages of likely voters having favorable or unfavorable
opinions of the candidates or no opinion yet about one contender or the other.
Here are the percentages for Luecke, the Democratic incumbent in South Bend:
Favorable, 42; Unfavorable, 35; No Opinion, 23. The percentages for Juan
Manigault, the Republican challenger: Favorable, 36; Unfavorable, 21; No
Opinion, 43.

Q. So, what's significant?

A. That such a large percentage of voters had no opinion yet about Manigault. If
he can get known favorably among those with no opinion yet, he could do well
among the 23 percent of voters undecided in the horse race question. But the
fact that his unfavorable percentage already is at 21 percent as he is just
getting known is an indication that his criticism of the mayor and of conditions
in the city may be regarded as negative by a significant number of potential
voters. For Luecke, falling below 50 percent on the favorable side is a sign of
vulnerability for an incumbent. But nearly a quarter of the likely voters
expressed neither a favorable nor an unfavorable opinion of the mayor. Thus, he
too has a chance to sway undecided voters who have not made up their minds about
him.

Q. What do those numbers mean to the candidates?

A. They mean for Luecke, even though he is ahead, that he can't just let
Manigault beat him up with criticism about what has gone wrong in the city. He
must stress what has gone right and seek to define Manigault as not a very good
alternative. The mayor's supporters no doubt will continue to ask questions
about Manigault's record as head of the Workforce Development Group. The numbers
mean for Manigault that he must continue to question the record of the mayor but
that he must be careful not to increase his own unfavorable percentages by
seeming to attack the city.

Q. What about Mishawaka?

A. A very similar situation, again with an incumbent mayor below 50 percent in
favorable rating and a challenger about whom a large group of likely voters have
no opinion yet. The difference is that the mayor in this case is a Republican
and the challenger is a Democrat. Here are the percentages for Rea, the
Republican incumbent: Favorable, 46; Unfavorable, 33; No Opinion, 21. The
percentages for Mike Hayes, the Democratic challenger: Favorable, 35;
Unfavorable, 25; No Opinion, 40.

Q. Similar significance?

A. In many ways, yes. Hayes needs to get known favorably among those with no
opinion yet. But his unfavorable percentage already is 25 percent as he is just
getting known. So he must be careful of being too negative. And Rea has a chance
to sway a fairly large number of voters who have not made up their minds about
him.

Q. Did the polls find anything about issues?

A. In both cities the No. 1 issue listed as most important in determining how to
vote was the economy and economic development. The next issues also were the
same: Quality of life/neighborhoods and crime and drugs. How well the candidates
respond to those issues will determine to a large extent how they are perceived
-- favorably or unfavorably.

Q. Are there some factors the polls didn't measure?

A. Of course. A poll can't measure everything. For example, each challenger is
seeking in particular to pry away members of the mayor's party. Manigault is
seeking to sway enough Democrats to his side to win in a city that traditionally
elects Democrats as mayor. And Hayes, with the help of Bruce Tassell, who was
campaign manager for former Republican Mayor Bob Beutter, is seeking to sway
enough Republicans to his side to win in a city that traditionally elects
Republicans as mayor.

Jack Colwell is a columnist for The Tribune. Write to him in care of The Tribune
or by e-mail at jcolwell@comcast.net

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              May 18, 2008 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

That demon life got them in its sway Fact and fiction intertwine in novel about
the Rolling Stones

BYLINE: Steven Rosen Special to The Denver Post

SECTION: Pg. E-12

LENGTH: 766 words


Zachary Lazar's "Sway" is a curiously sobering addition to a special kind of
rock 'n' roll literature, - novels that contemplate the meaning of real pop
stars' music. Some of the most notable ones are Mark Shipper's "Paperback
Writer," Dana Spiotta's "Eat the Document" and Brian Morton's "The

Dylanist." Lazar's novel is a fantasia. The characters are real people,
including the Rolling Stones, filmmaker Kenneth Anger, model Anita Pallenberg,
Manson Family member Bobby Beausoleil.

If Lazar, a native Coloradan who teaches at Hofstra University, has an inherent
enthusiasm for the Rolling Stones, his novel's subject, he keeps it well hidden.
Rather, he meticulously burrows into a clichéd truism of the 1960s, that the
Stones' performance at Altamont dramatically ended the 1960s. (The Stones had
hired Hells Angels to police a free concert at northern California's Altamont
Speedway on Dec. 6, 1969; the Angels terrorized and attacked audience members
and killed a young man brandishing a revolver. It was captured in the movie
"Gimme Shelter.")

Pop culture has come to see that as a watershed event, a wrenching break from
the communal Woodstock-y spirit of rock up to that moment. But Lazar's take is
different. He sees the moment as a long time coming, for the Stones and for us.
The natural outcome of being attracted to demons.

Doomsday reportage

The book's title comes from a Rolling Stones song that is never mentioned: "It's
just that demon life has got you in its sway." Instead, the author invents a
mysterious occult treatise called "The Sephiroth" that has as a passage: "Speak
to me of desire. Of the endless, coiling desire of the Self. Of how the Self,
goaded by desire, becomes like an animal, compelled by need, caught in its sway
." It appeals to some of his characters, especially Anger and his quasi-kindred
spirit, Pallenberg.

His tone is measured and well-researched, his writing is exquisitely spare and
largely dispassionate but with stretches of empathy. It has such a feel of
doomy, essayist reportage, like Joan Didion's "The White Album," maybe, that you
need to read the acknowledgments to realize which narrative elements are fact
and which are fiction.

"Sway" ever so slowly brings together the stories of three subjects who
represent what Lazar sees as that decade's dark side. One concerns the Rolling
Stones - especially guitarist Brian Jones - as they get arrested on a drug bust,
hang out in Morocco, record "Sympathy for the Devil," weather a contest for
Pallenberg's love between Jones and Keith Richards, and plan an American tour
after Jones' banishment and subsequent death.

Another is that of avant-garde California filmmaker Anger, who explored
homoerotic and black-magic themes in such films as "Scorpio Rising," "Lucifer
Rising" and "Invocation of My Demon Brother." (Anger seems the closest to a
"hero" in this book, never letting his lifestyle get too far away from his
artistic ambitions.)

The film "Invocation" featured Jagger, and speculation about Anger's
relationship to Jagger leads to some of Lazar's finest writing, such as when the
two walk together outside Richards' country manor. "They were just outside the
ring of light coming off the porch, a third of the way down the lawn. Mick
walked toward the trees, one hand placed lightly on his back, just above his
waist. It was the way a woman might walk after a day of housework, the wide
cuffs of his pants shimmering at his ankles. He didn't look back to see if Anger
was following."

The third plot strand involves a young drifter/musician who lived with Anger for
a while and appeared in his movies, Bobby Beausoleil. If the name sounds vaguely
familiar, it's because he became part of Charles Manson's family and
participated in one of its infamous 1969 murders. Lazar discreetly gets into
that, seeing it both through Beausoleil's eyes and from a distance.

His description of Manson as a toadish dervish insinuating himself between
Beausoleil and his girlfriend is extraordinary, but there isn't anything here
about Manson as powerful as the nonfiction "The Family," written by
poet/songwriter Ed Sanders.

Lazar's book doesn't have any great revelations; it even treats potentially
climactic scenes as fait accompli. But its vision of the 1960s is
thought-provoking. There was an underground (including, strangely, both the
World's Greatest Rock Band and the decade's most horrific killer) that was
slowly, inexorably moving toward making the violence of 1969 possible.

Steven Rosen is a freelance writer in Cincinnati.

----------------------------------------

fiction

Sway, by

Zachary Lazar, $23.99

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           November 19, 2016 Saturday

Bolingbrook man gets 3 years for trying to join Islamic State

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: STATE_; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 588 words


A case involving a 21-year-old man from Bolingbrook who wanted to go to Syria to
join the Islamic State highlights the quandary of dealing with impressionable
young Muslims in the U.S. who fall under the sway of the militant group's online
recruiters, a federal judge said Friday as he sentenced the man to just over
three years in prison.

With time served since his arrest at a Chicago airport in 2014, Mohammed Hamzah
Khan will be released late next year, after which, his attorneys say, he intends
to enroll in college. Kahn will also be subject to an exceptionally long 20
years of close monitoring that prosecutors characterized as among the strictest
in the district.

Kahn could have faced up to 15 years in prison. Prosecutors had asked for a
five-year sentence, saying Khan's cooperation in identifying two IS recruiters
justified leniency. The defense had asked for the sentence Judge John Tharp
ended up imposing.

Tharp said he couldn't reconcile Khan's desire to join IS as a 19-year-old with
portrayals by family and friends of him as caring and quick to help others. The
judge's explanation was that Khan had led a "sheltered" existence at his
parents' home in Bolingbrook and so was "vulnerable to being preyed on by
terrorists."

"The real issue here is risk: What is the risk that you pose to the public?" he
said.

Tharp said he couldn't gauge Khan's sincerity about now rejecting IS. But he
agreed that counseling and education to broaden his world view are what Kahn
needs most. A long prison term, the judge said, could make Khan more, not less
dangerous, and wouldn't ensure he never looked to a terrorist group again.

"This isn't what our prison system was made to do," Tharp added.

Standing in orange jail garb -- with his mother and father on a nearby courtroom
bench -- Khan showed little emotion during Friday's sentencing hearing in
Chicago. Defendants typically appeal for leniency, but when Tharp asked whether
he wanted to speak, Khan answered: "I don't wish to make any statement right
now."

Defense lawyer Thomas Durkin had argued that individuals such as Khan should not
be written off without a second chance for succumbing to adept IS propagandists
who wooed them over the internet.

"Do we give in to the fear that we cannot trust that this kid will ever change?"
Durkin said. "I think he deserves a chance."

Agents detained Khan with two younger siblings as they tried to board a plane at
O'Hare International Airport. Prosecutors say Khan helped indoctrinate his
brother and sister, who also aspired to live in IS-controlled territory, though
they were never charged. Khan left a letter before leaving for O'Hare expressing
anger over U.S.-backed bombing of IS.

Khan's mother, Zarine Khan, told reporters last year that IS had brainwashed her
son. And she added about Islamic State: "Leave our children alone!"

Tharp said he couldn't accept that Khan's hope was to get a nonmilitary job in
Syria, saying the Islamic State would surely press any young man into fighting.

"I don't believe for a second ... that you would go to Syria and work as a
chef," he said.

Defense attorneys argued Khan now grasped that his ideas about IS were
"unrealistic" and that he no longer glorified its trademark brutality.

Before adjourning, the judge contrasted the image of brutal executions in
IS-controlled territory against Khan's treatment in Chicago federal court.

"Instead of public beheading, you've been given a public ... proceeding," Tharp
said. "The enemy government has not tried to kill you. It has tried to help
you."

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mohammed Hamzah Khan Mohammed Hamzah KhanAssociated Press Zarine Khan,
left, and her husband, Shafi, parents of Mohammed Hamzah Khan, listen to their
son's attorney talk to reporters Friday at the federal courthouse in Chicago.
Zarine Khan told reporters last year that IS had brainwashed her son. Zarine
Khan, left, and her husband Shafi, parents of Mohammed Hamzah Khan, listen to
their attorney talk to reporters as they depart the federal courthouse after a
judge sentenced their 21-year-old son from suburban Chicago to just over three
years in prison for seeking to join Islamic State, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, in
Chicago. The sentence for Khan means, with time served, he'll be freed next
year. U.S. District Judge John Tharp in Chicago said Khan's case highlighted
Islamic State recruiting of impressionable Muslims and how to deal with those
falling under the militants' sway.(AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast) Associated
Press Zarine Khan, left, and her husband, Shafi, parents of Mohammed Hamzah
Khan, listen to their son's attorney talk to reporters Friday at the federal
courthouse in Chicago. Zarine Khan told reporters last year that IS had
brainwashed her son.Zarine Khan, left, and her husband Shafi, parents of
Mohammed Hamzah Khan, listen to attorney Thomas Durkin, talk to reporters as
they depart the federal courthouse after a judge sentenced their 21-year-old son
from suburban Chicago to just over three years in prison for seeking to join
Islamic State, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, in Chicago. The sentence for Khan means,
with time served, he'll be freed next year. U.S. District Judge John Tharp in
Chicago said Khan's case highlighted Islamic State recruiting of impressionable
Muslims and how to deal with those falling under the militants' sway.(AP
Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast) Zarine Khan, left, and her husband Shafi, parents of
Mohammed Hamzah Khan, listen to attorney Thomas Durkin, talk to reporters as
they depart the federal courthouse after a judge sentenced their 21-year-old son
from suburban Chicago to just over three years in prison for seeking to join
Islamic State, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, in Chicago. The sentence for Khan means,
with time served, he'll be freed next year. U.S. District Judge John Tharp in
Chicago said Khan's case highlighted Islamic State recruiting of impressionable
Muslims and how to deal with those falling under the militants' sway.(AP
Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              575 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            January 30, 2007 Tuesday

'Ethel Waters' in fine voice despite late switch;
With only a week to rehearse, Demetria Joyce Bailey inhabits the role
splendidly.

BYLINE: Howard Shapiro, Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: FEATURES MAGAZINE; Pg. E03

LENGTH: 667 words


If you ever run into a stage crisis and you need someone, like now, to rescue
you, here's the answer to your prayers: Demetria Joyce Bailey.

You can find her easily commanding the Bristol Riverside Theatre, where her
performance in the absorbing musical bio, Ethel Waters, His Eye Is on the
Sparrow, looks to be the product of long weeks of rehearsal and character
analysis.

It isn't.

A week before the show was supposed to open in previews, Broadway performer
Ernestine Jackson bowed out, citing health reasons - and leaving Bristol
Riverside without an Ethel Waters. That could have meant disaster - aside from
the fleet-fingered, versatile pianist David Alan Bunn, who delivers all the
musical accompaniment onstage, Ernestine Jackson was the entire cast of the
Ethel Waters show.

Demetria Joyce Bailey to the rescue. The Philadelphia actor and singer - she
currently plays the teacher in HBO's The Wire - had a week to become Ethel
Waters, the legendary singer and actress who broke through racial barriers to
become a nationally adored entertainer.

That's less than half the normal rehearsal time for a professional theater.
What's more, the role is whoppingly tough with proper preparation; Larry Parr's
script plumbs Waters' life more deeply than the usual stage biography, and the
stories it tells are more complex. And there are plenty of them, given that the
show overstays its visit by about 15 minutes.

When you watch Bailey's portrayal, complete with renditions of "Dinah," "Taking
a Chance on Love," "Stormy Weather," and her gospel biggie, "His Eye Is on the
Sparrow," you'd never know the history behind the performance; it's an
accomplished, informed realization - and moreover, she's a charmer. She sways
like Harlem sways. While she doesn't overdo the renditions of Waters songs, she
sometimes underdoes them, especially when the melody is in the low register,
where Bailey's voice is a little uncomfortable.

But that's overwhelmed by the performance as a whole. Bailey tells story after
story, in the urban-black-American accent of the early 1900s, with a smooth
delivery that pulls you into the script with her.

Waters, born in 1896 in Chester, was the child of a teenage rape victim. She was
raised in poverty by her grandmom and with her mother on what she called
"Whore's Alley" on Clifton Street in Center City Philadelphia. (It parallels
11th Street.) Her goal in life: to be a maid to a white woman, and for a while
she did work as a hotel maid in the city.

Her friends persuaded her to sing in an amateur contest, and after that, she was
on the road. When Waters was 23, she moved to Harlem and became part of the
great arts renaissance there, and from then on she was a star - on radio, in
nightclubs, on TV, in movies and on Broadway.

She also was a lonely woman with two failed marriages, and, for good reasons,
she distrusted whites in the entertainment business - a characteristic the show
examines and then exploits to fine effect.

By the time Ethel Waters was in her dotage and had joined the Rev. Billy
Graham's touring spiritual crusade - a Catholic star supporting a Protestant
star preacher - she realized she'd been practicing her own kind of racism, at
least in her thinking about people.

Waters' path to self-awareness on the issue is a powerful theme in the show,
which is full of spirit, plus a spirituality that feels natural - as natural as
Demetria Joyce Bailey in the role.

Ethel Waters, His Eye Is on the Sparrow

Written by Larry Parr, directed by Susan D. Atkinson, set by Marion Powell,
costumes by Linda Bee Stockton, lighting by Rob Crane, sound by Daniel A.
Little. Presented by Bristol Riverside Theatre.

Cast:Demetria Joyce Bailey (Ethel Waters), David Alan Bunn (pianist).

Playing at: Bristol Riverside Theatre, 120 Radcliffe St., Bristol, through Feb.
11. Tickets: $32 to $42. Information: 215-785-0100 or www.brtstage.org.

Contact staff writer Howard Shapiro at 215-854-5727 or hshapiro@phillynews.com.
Read his recent work at http://go.philly.com/howardshapiro.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                             July 3, 2008 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Oilers tried hard to sway Hossa; Edmonton's new owner and recently acquired
defenceman both put in calls to free agent

BYLINE: Joanne Ireland, The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 495  words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


EDMONTON - The Edmonton Oilers pulled out all the stops but, in the end, Marian
Hossa wanted a chance to play with the Detroit Red Wings more than he wanted a
multi-year, multimillion-dollar contract from the Edmonton Oilers.

"They considered our offer right to the end," said Oilers general manager Kevin
Lowe, who had met with Hossa's agent, Ritch Winter, on Tuesday night.

Also sitting in on the meeting was new Oilers owner Daryl Katz.

Katz even called Hossa to try to sway him, as did defenceman Lubomir Visnovsky,
who was more than willing to call his fellow countryman despite only recently
being dealt to Edmonton by the Los Angeles Kings.

In the end, the Red Wings, with a relatively modest one-year, $7.4-million deal,
snagged the 29-year-old Slovakian. That and the promise of a Stanley Cup.

Hossa watched the Wings win it all not so many weeks ago when he was closing out
his term as a trade-day rental with the Pittsburgh Penguins. But the Red Wings
didn't have a lot of negotiating room as both Henrik Zetterberg and Johan
Franzen will be unrestricted free agents after the 2008-09 season.

"We would have loved to have added him at the trade deadline. He went to
Pittsburgh," said general manager Ken Holland. "Heading into the off-season he
was on our wish list, but given our (contractual) commitments we didn't think
we'd have a shot. In the end, Marian made it happen."

The last team to win back-to-back Cups was Detroit in 1997-98.

"From their perspective, he could go and try and win a Cup right away or come
and be a part of something that was growing," said Lowe. "I applaud him. He's
chasing the dream. Hopefully, ours will come to be before his."

The Carolina Hurricanes, meanwhile, signed defenceman Joni Pitkanen to a
three-year, $12-million contract, which was less than he had initially been
seeking from the Oilers.

The Oilers weren't sold on Pitkanen's play and he was dealt after only one
season for Erik Cole. Head coach Craig MacTavish said that while the
smooth-skating Finn had some ability, he didn't have enough other strong suits.

"(He was) clearly not a fit here," MacTavish said. "His objectives and the
team's objectives always clashed, so we're happy to see him get his wish to get
moved.

"Lubomir Visnovsky is a world-class defenceman ... He is a good person and
that's a good improvement."

MacTavish was certain Cole would be a valuable addition and he likened Gilbert
Brule to the restoration project that was Robert Nilsson.

"I can't wait until training camp," MacTavish continued. "We're going to see a
ton of skill out there. I think it's going to be a real successful year for us.

"I was happy going into next season with what we left off with, then to make the
improvements we've made further enhances that position.

"We've been a little deflated with the Hossa deal, but just the fact we went
through that experience is going to be valuable in the future. The word is out
that we want a player like that."

jireland@thejournal.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Rick MacWilliam, The Journal; New Oilers owner Daryl Katz and team
chairman Cal Nichols shake hands at Wednesday's media conference. Oilers
president and CEO Patrick LaForge is in the background. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

California legalizes pot

BYLINE: By BROOKE EDWARDS STAGGS, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A

LENGTH: 506 words



HIGHLIGHT: Passage of Prop. 64 may sway federal conversation.


Californians have legalized recreational marijuana, with experts predicting the
Golden State will become the epicenter of the industry and potentially sway the
federal conversation on legal pot.

Proposition 64 sailed to victory Tuesday night, with The Associated Press
calling the race shortly after polls closed.

The measure, also known as the Adult Use of Marijuana Act, allows adults 21 and
older to possess up to an ounce of marijuana or 8 grams of concentrated cannabis
and grow as many as six plants per home.

Supporters of Prop. 64, who raised nearly $16 million and touted the measure's
social justice and tax revenue reforms, celebrated news of their win at election
night parties in Los Angeles and San Francisco.

"T oday is a huge day, not just for the state of California but for the
marijuana movement in general," said David Dinenberg, chief executive of Los
Angeles-based Kind Financial, which makes software for the marijuana industry.
"With the world's sixth-largest economy legalizing marijuana, this could be the
straw that breaks the camel's back in regards to federal legalization."

Opponents of Prop. 64, who raised roughly $1.3 million while citing public
safety and health concerns, expressed disappointment at the outcome.

"After spending almost $20 million on Proposition 64, the financial investors
are the winners, and California's children, local communities and health care
systems are the big losers," said Andrew Acosta, spokesman for the No on 64
campaign. "It now falls on California's elected leaders to tackle the myriad
issues that were raised during this campaign - ranging from advertising to
marijuana-impaired driving."

There were also marijuana tax and regulation measures on the ballot in Perris,
San Jacinto and San Bernardino. All were leading in early returns.

In Perris, Measure K would allow marijuana dispensaries to operate in industrial
and commercial zones with a valid city per mit while Measure J would allow the
city to tax them. In San Jacinto, Measure AA would lay the groundwork for taxing
marijuana businesses if the drug is legalized in the state. All were leading in
early returns.

In San Bernardino, measures N, O and P would change city laws to permit
commercial cannabis activities in the city. The measures were divided in early
returns, with N and O leading, but P trailing.

T he citizen-driven Proposition 64 prohibits driving while impaired, giving
cannabis to minors or consuming it in public. And it includes provisions for
licensing, testing, labeling, advertising and local control over businesses.

T he act also establishes a 15 percent sales tax, plus a separate tax for
growers. The Legislative Analyst's Office anticipates revenues could top $1
billion annually, with funds dedicated to research, public safety, abuse
prevention and environmental protection.

"Prop. 64 will allow California to take its rightful place as the center of
cannabis innovation, research and development," said Nate Bradley, executive
director of the California Cannabis Industry Association.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             May 10, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Jarrett's crew chief hit with suspension

BYLINE: The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 116  words

DATELINE: CHARLOTTE, North Carolina


CHARLOTTE, North Carolina - Crew chief Richard (Slugger) Labbe was suspended for
four races and fined $25,000 U.S. yesterday for using an illegal part on Dale
Jarrett's car at Richmond International Raceway.

NASCAR officials discovered the sway bar on Jarrett's car was illegally mounted
when the No. 88 Ford passed through Saturday night's pre-race inspection in
Richmond.

The sway bar, also called an "antiroll bar," counteracts the rolling force of
the car body through the turns. Any alterations made to it would likely be in an
effort to help the car's agility through the corners.

A spokeswoman said the team planned to appeal the penalties, which included a
loss of 25 driver points for Jarrett.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             August 7, 2009 Friday

Closed system opens door for Apple's iPhone success

BYLINE: JOHN COLLINS

SECTION: FINANCE; Technology ; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 829 words


NET RESULTS: Steve Jobs and co have bucked the open-source trend that has
defined the internet age

APPLE S SUCCESS with the iPhone makes no sense. Certainly not if you take  sense
to be the collective hive mind of geeks and techies that you can tap into by
watching Twitter or numerous techie bulletin boards. In recent years a
tyrannical world view has begun to hold sway in tech circles. Put simply, it can
be summed up as  Open standards and open source, good. Proprietary closed
systems, bad .

It s not hard to see why this view began to hold sway. The web s rise over the
last 10 years was almost entirely down to the fact that it was an open system.
Despite the best efforts of some corporations everyone can partake but no one
can dominate. As a result, pre-existing but closed online systems such as
America OnLine, Compuserve and Apple s eWorld either withered on the vine or
moved their content to the web.

All of which makes Apple s recent successes the more surprising.

The maker of the iPod, iTunes, iPhone and Macintosh computers is riding the
crest of the wave at the moment. Its third-quarter results last month   which
included a net profit figure of $1.23 billion (EUR 850 million)   were driven
not only by strong sales of the iPhone, which benefited from price cuts and the
introduction of the new 3GS model, but also a return to growth for the venerable
Mac.

The warm fuzzy feeling that surrounds Apple products   with their easy-to-use
interfaces and sleek industrial design   might suggest that Apple is merely
tapping into the mood of the times.

Nothing, however, could be further from the truth. Apple is thriving because it
tightly controls a closed system.

The Californian company designs the hardware, although as the back cover of the
iPod reminds us it is  Designed by Apple in California. Assembled in China .
Apple also writes the software and tightly controls what other companies can get
access to its platform.

Want to get your software on the iPhone? Submit it to Apple and they might be
back to you in the next month or so to let you know if it meets their
requirements.

Oh, and it ll have 30 per cent of the revenues should it decide to give you
access.

In recent months tech news sites like Techmeme have been littered with stories
about the latest developer to get the thumbs down from Apple s AppStore.

Given the popularity of iFart and its ilk one has to wonder what crimes against
Apple supremo Steve Jobs s company the unsuccessful developers have committed.

Apple is also currently locked in an arms race with Palm to prevent the
smartphone-maker s devices accessing iTunes.

Yes, this is the same company whose chief executive in February 2007 wrote an
open letter to the music industry calling for the removal of digital rights
management restrictions on downloaded music sold through iTunes.

Convincing them to license their music to Apple and others DRM-free will create
a truly interoperable music marketplace. Apple will embrace this wholeheartedly.

Jobs got what he was looking for earlier this year when the last major labels
removed the restrictions. This means you can now buy music on iTunes and copy it
to a player from Creative, Sony or iRiver, but just not through the iTunes
interface. Palm found a way to fool iTunes into thinking its Pre smartphone was
actually an iPhone. Apple didn t waste time releasing an update to the iTunes
software which locked the Pre out.

Apple s expansion into the mobile phone world has also put it at loggerheads
with erstwhile partner Google. Google s mobile play is Android, an operating
system for phones based on the open source Linux. In contrast to others, Google
provides the software while others make the phones. The increasing focus by both
firms on mobile, where they are in direct competition, is widely believed to be
the reason Google chief Eric Schmidt stepped down from the Apple board at the
beginning of this week.

Now for the admission. I don t think there is necessarily anything wrong with
closed systems and proprietary models. This last week I ve been playing with an
iPhone 3GS and this long-term Nokia fan is close to being converted.

The latest iPhone doesn t do anything that other smart phones doesn t do, but
the ease with which it does it beats all competitors.

The improved battery life, enhanced location-aware functions and huge range of
software which can be easily installed through iTunes make it a compelling
device.

Of course it s not all positive. Sure the wimpy three-megapixel camera is still
a major bugbear (is it any wonder one of the best sellers in the AppStore is a
79 cent piece of software which gives it zoom capability).

While I still enjoy playing with technology, the demands of a young family and
the other distractions of approaching middle-age mean I have less and less time
to do so.

If getting products to work together seamlessly and elegantly means ceding
control to Steve Jobs and his lieutenants I think it s a sacrifice I m willing
to make.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            October 28, 2007 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

Show girls that true beauty isn't cosmetic

SECTION: YOUR LIFE; Jodie Lynn; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 469 words


My granddaughters are 15 and 17, and both want to have cosmetic surgery. Their
parents see nothing wrong with it. The only reason the girls thought of it is
because "their friends are all doing it." I think it is horrible! This is not
the end of it; both want a boob job in a few years! I am very disappointed but
they say I'm too old-fashioned. Am I wrong? Should I voice my 2 cents?

From readers

* Teen girls get the message from the media that the most important thing in
life is tied to their looks. Avoid being critical of their decision, because you
risk alienation. It's unlikely you'll sway them, especially if their parents
have bought into their plan. Instead, you could be the person who highlights the
positive assets you've observed in them, like loyalty to a friend, kindness to
their parents, patience and compassion for others, etc. You can model for them
that these are the things that make a person most beautiful. - Lynn Lauber in
Collinsville, Ill.

* My daughter felt inferior because her breasts weren't the size she wanted them
to be or what is touted by society. I suggested that she wait a couple of years
to decide. Young women go through lots of changes as teenagers, especially
dealing with peer pressure and gaining self confidence. The body is going
through physical changes until the age of 21. It will quickly become apparent
just how important the surgery is if it's suggested that the granddaughters pay
for it. My daughter has recently decided that plastic surgery isn't a priority
anymore. She has other responsibilities that take precedence over something that
won't change who she is as a person. Let your granddaughters know how special
they are "just the way they are." - L.K. in Madison, Wis.

From Jodie Lynn

There's nothing wrong with politely voicing your concerns. See how they react to
decide what might be the next best move for everyone concerned. At this age,
trying to sway teens' strong opinions can often backfire, especially when in
comes to girls who are hooked on improving their appearance. Furthermore, if
their parents have agreed with them, anything you bring up would be construed as
being negative. We all make mistakes, especially as teens and young adults. If
it turns out to be a mistake, they might learn a lesson. The best action may be
to take none other than to be their best role-model and love them
unconditionally.

Can you help?

We are quite interested in finding out how others feel about the new teaching
devices used in making babies smarter. Do they really work? What are the
advantages or disadvantages? Are there programs, videos, DVDs or CDs that others
feel really good about recommending?

To share parenting tips or ask questions, write to Parent to Parent, 2464 Taylor
Road, Suite 131, Wildwood, Mo. 63040, or www.parenttoparent.com/contact.php.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Edge Malaysia

                                August 14, 2006

Capital: Thematic play

BYLINE: Maryann Tan

LENGTH: 522 words


Palm oil and timber hold sway over market's performance

The local stock market ascended marginally last week, with the benchmark Kuala
Lumpur Composite Index adding 4.28 points or 0.45% week on week to close at
942.27 points last Friday. Trading momentum built up towards the week's close,
bringing average daily volume to 486.9 million shares.

The UK's successful pre-empting of a terrorist plot to simultaneously blow up
aircraft may have been the biggest news of the week but it did not jolt Asian
stock markets.However, it eased the price of crude oil. West Texas Intermediate
crude oil fell almost $2US to $74US per barrel last Thursday. Speculators expect
oil's demand to fall because of dampened tourism in the US and UK.

At home, two main themes held sway over the stock market's performance - palm
oil and timber.

Pronounced support and enthusiasm for plantation counters last week drove the
prices of several such stocks to their 52-week highs.

Kuala Lumpur Kepong ended the week 60 sen or 5.4% up at RM11.60, touching
RM11.80 on Friday. PPB Oil Palms touched RM8.40 before posting a week's gain of
8.7% or 65 sen. Golden Hope peaked at RM4.86 while IOI Corp reached a six-month
high of RM16.50.

The general expectation is for CPO prices to hold up well, especially with the
commodity's potential as an alternative fuel source.

"There's growing realisation that the biodiesel story is for real and the longer
crude oil stays at current levels, the more credible the story," the head of a
foreign research house says.

Meanwhile, timber stocks gave a strong sideshow in the commodities sector. WTK
Holdings rallied to its 52-week high of RM5.65 while Ta Ann advanced to a
six-month high of RM7.20 on Thursday before ending the week 30 sen higher.

Plywood prices have been on the rise since the beginning of the year, analysts
say. In addition to that, WTK's plan to buy its competitor, Linshinhao, for
RM150 million caught investors' attention.

"It looks to me like a sustainable trend because the sector has been overlooked
for a while," says Tan Beng Ling, head of research and chief investment officer
at Meridien Asset Management

While these stocks lent support to the index, dealers say trading volume was
still thin and market interest was not across the board. Banking, property and
construction stocks were largely ignored even though it hasn't been a bad season
for earnings so far.

This week, the KLCI is expected to find support at 930 points and resistance at
950 points, with analysts expecting thematic plays to continue.

The week's major earnings release will come from MISC Bhd, which analysts expect
will show a downward trend. A dealer notes that investors sought MISC shares
after news that BP plc would shut down the US' biggest oil field.

Investors are betting that MISC's subsidiary American Eagle Tankers will enjoy
better rates as the US imports more oil as a result of the closure.

On Aug 16, the Department of Statistics is expected to release the Consumer
Price Index for July. However, analysts say the July numbers will not be widely
anticipated, unlike the June numbers, which factored in the energy price hike.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 The Edge Communications Sdn. Bhd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                            October 26, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Chrysler deal looks safe; Data shows remaining votes won't sway result

BYLINE: Mike Ramsey and Jeff Green, Bloomberg News Service

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 316  words

DATELINE: SOUTHFIELD, Mich.


SOUTHFIELD, Mich. - Chrysler LLC probably will win approval of a contract that
reduces United Auto Workers labour costs after four Michigan factories endorsed
the deal .

One factory in Illinois still has to vote on the accord, and today's vote by its
3,400 workers won't be enough to sway the result, according to data compiled by
Bloomberg. The UAW represents 45,000 Chrysler workers. The contract must be
approved by a majority of those who vote.

"I expect it will get passed," said Gary Chaison, a labour professor at Clark
University in Worcester, Mass.

"No one is really happy. But workers are risk-averse, and the greater fear is
what happens with renegotiating," Chaison said.

Approval would shift the UAW's attention to Ford Motor Co., after more than 40
days of focus on Chrysler and General Motors Corp. Accords at the two
automakers, which the UAW says will set a pattern for Ford, promise to cut the
pay of new workers and transfer more than $63 billion in future retiree
health-care liabilities to union trust funds.

The four suburban Detroit plants that held elections Wednesday approved the
contract by margins ranging from 65 per cent to 82 per cent, according to three
union officials and press reports. The votes marked the first victories for the
contract at major Chrysler auto-assembly plants.

Through the first week of voting, only parts factories, a low-volume car plant
and non-manufacturing sites had approved.

Chrysler spokeswoman Michele Tinson declined to comment before the results are
announced. UAW spokesman Roger Kerson didn't immediately return calls seeking
comment.

Balloting shows "yes" votes leading 55 per cent to 45 per cent, with the
contract passing at 20 locals and failing at eight, according to the Bloomberg
tally. Based on information available, "yes" votes are outnumbering "no's" by
about 3,600, more than the membership at the Illinois plant in Belvidere.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                       May 30, 1994 Monday Final Edition

Quake rollers keep L.A. calm;
Many have blind faith in mythical devices

SOURCE: FROM ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 474 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Many workers in this quake-conscious city boast smugly about being protected by
rollers under their office towers, saying the technology lets the buildings sway
harmlessly when the earth moves.

Actually, there's no such thing as a highrise on rollers.

The top floors of the tallest buildings sway, but that's because they're built
with materials flexible enough to bend without snapping in strong winds.

Shock-absorbing technology does exist -- laminated pads of rubber and steel that
can keep a mid-size building relatively stable in a quake. But only six
buildings in the Los Angeles area have them.

City hall will soon be the seventh when it gets the pads along with fluid-filled
shock absorbers called dampers.

There are no rollers anywhere, despite what everyone says.

"I have heard people talk about rollers all over the place. All I say is simply,
they're not on rollers," says structural engineer John Martin. "But people don't
believe me. Rumors get passed on and nobody questions their validity."

While the largest office towers were built to withstand a major earthquake, many
modern 20-storey towers and older concrete buildings might crumble if a
magnitude seven quake hit a fault under downtown Los Angeles, said a study
released in April by the California Institute of Technology.

John Hall, associate professor of civil engineering at Caltech, recommended
revising building standards to include larger beams and columns and more
stabilizing walls.

An unscientific survey of downtown denizens -- from the parking garage to the
executive suite -- found blind faith in the imaginary rollers.

Kathy Shilkret, a spokeswoman for Wells Fargo, which has a 54-storey tower, says
she has long believed the building was on rollers that enable it to handle
good-sized quakes.

In ARCO's 52-storey building, Walter Kirwan, whose office is on the 44th floor,
says he believes the building is built on, "some kind of a system, whether it's
rollers or pads, so it's less prone to damage."

But Bob Scholtes, of Schuwa Management, the building management company, says:
"I've seen the plans and I've never seen anything that looks like rollers. You
watch a highrise go up and there's no magic to it. It's concrete and steel."

Mr. Martin says that even without rollers, people in tall towers can take
comfort in knowing they're fairly well protected.

"Tall buildings have a lot of things going for them," Mr. Martin says. "The
buildings downtown actually sit on pretty good soil."

They're designed to sway in the wind, usually by half a per cent to one per cent
of their height. A 50-storey building, 180 metres (594 feet) high, could sway
one metre (4 feet) to 2.2 metres (8 feet), Mr. Martin says.

Holly Heaven, safety manager at the 53-storey Citicorp Plaza Building, debunks
the roller myth in safety training sessions.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1994 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              584 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                              March 3, 2013 Sunday

More lessons for Worcester in Newton

BYLINE: Peter Cohan

SECTION: BUSINESS MATTERS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 801 words


COLUMN: WALL & MAIN

If an entrepreneur opened a business in Worcester that ultimately sold its
shares to the public, the city's startup common might be ignited. This raises
questions: How does an entrepreneur decide where to locate? Can local leaders
sway that decision?

These questions are in play in examining why Intigua - its software helps
companies run their computing applications more efficiently - decided to locate
in Newton instead of Palo Alto, Calif. In January, Intigua raised $8.6 million.
Venture Partners led the round. And in a Feb. 22 interview, its chief executive
officer, Shimon Hason, gave good reasons to locate in Massachusetts rather than
San Francisco.

Mr. Hason told me that when he talks about Intigua's product with company
financial officers, he emphasizes the way it boosts productivity. For example,
Mr. Hason noted, "From a financial perspective, Intigua boosts agility, reduces
operating overhead and maximizes business application uptime."

And Intigua is getting paid to deliver this value. While Mr. Hason did not
reveal revenue information, he indicated that Intigua's customers, which are
"big financial institutions," pay an annual subscription fee.

Mr. Hason earned a degree in computer science from the University of Haifa in
Israel, and an MBA from MIT's Sloan School. He worked in product management at
video conferencing company Polycom and Amobee (a mobile advertising startup),
which Singapore's telecom company, Singtel, acquired, and worked as an associate
at McKinsey.

After MIT, he was an entrepreneur-in-residence at Boston's Cedar Fund for a
year. While there, Mr. Hason was exposed to portfolio companies with "different
CEOs, different cultures and various stages of development."

So what do the most successful startups do differently from the others? In Mr.
Hason's view it comes down to "team and culture." When it comes to effective
teams, Mr. Hason looks for "how they work and how they deal with challenges."

And Mr. Hason has very specific ideas about what makes a successful startup
culture. He places a high value on hiring people who work hard and are mature.
But the most interesting value, in my opinion, is Mr. Hason's emphasis on
"keeping it real."

He wants to hire people who are not "in denial" about the real challenges a
company faces. In his opinion, companies fail because CEOs choose to ignore
negative information about the company's market position - even when their
people give it to them straight.

Being in denial can lead startups over the cliff, because if a CEO waits too
long to take action, the startup is likely to run out of money and decide to
change strategy only after it is too late to salvage the venture.

When he hires people, he tries to find out whether they are open to feedback. He
reminded me of former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld in his interest in
trying to detect through the interview process whether people seeking to join
his team have "the mental discipline to make distinctions between what they know
they don't know, and what they don't know that they don't know."

To that end, Mr. Hason mentioned that he likes to see how people react to
challenges. For example, when he was in the Israeli army, people surprised him
by how differently they acted when relaxed and when in combat situations. He
learned that the people who he had thought would help in a tough situation did
not have his back, whereas others surprised him by rising up as leaders in a
crisis.

Mr. Hason decided to locate in Boston instead of Palo Alto for several reasons.
Interestingly, he found Boston to be a much more inspiring location due to its
architecture, culture and history.

But Mr. Hason also sees Boston as more occupationally diverse than Palo Alto -
where high-tech start-ups predominate. By contrast, in Boston, he attends
parties where he meets people in many different fields, including "doctors,
academics, financiers and technology people."

When it comes to hiring, Mr. Hason has been able to attract software people and
engineers. And since many of Intigua's customers are east of the Mississippi,
the company's location in Boston - versus Palo Alto - makes it easier for him to
visit customers, and faster to get to his engineering team in Tel Aviv.

It also helps that one of Mr. Hason's mentors, Ram Metser, CEO of Newton-based
ScaleBase, is on Intigua's board.

Intigua picked Newton over Palo Alto due to what he saw as its superior culture,
its access to talent, and its geographic proximity to customers. If Worcester
wants to build a startup common, it may need to think about whether there are
industries in which it has an edge in these factors.

Peter Cohan of Marlboro heads a management consulting and venture capital firm,
and teaches business strategy at Babson College. His email address is
peter@petercohan.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: If an entrepreneur opened a business in Worcester that ultimately sold
its shares to the public, the city's startup common might be ignited. This
raises questions: How does an entrepreneur decide where to locate? Can local
leaders sway that decision?

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 26, 2014 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Slowed Elsewhere, Tea Party Still Wields Considerable Sway in Texas Races

BYLINE: By DAVID MONTGOMERY

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1127 words


AUSTIN, Tex. -- This year's Republican story line may be the declining fortunes
of the Tea Party, but conservatives in Texas do not seem to have received the
memo.

Instead, after a strong showing in Republican primary elections in March, Tea
Party-supported candidates appear poised for further gains in runoffs on
Tuesday, including a good chance of ousting the state's three-term lieutenant
governor and pushing the Republican-dominated Legislature further to the right.

Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst, a Republican who lost a Senate bid to Ted Cruz two
years ago, is struggling to keep the office he has held since 2003 after
finishing 13 percentage points behind State Senator Dan Patrick, a Tea Party
favorite from Houston, in the first round of voting on March 4.

The 12-week runoff race between the two candidates has produced a fierce
outpouring of negative ads and personal attacks, currently overshadowing the
general election race for governor between Greg Abbott, a Republican, and Wendy
Davis, a Democrat.

In a state where any hint of support from Mr. Cruz, one of the nation's Tea
Party favorites, is considered golden to aspiring Republican candidates, Tea
Party groups also have a strong shot at influencing nominations in three other
statewide races and building on legislative victories from the 2012 election
cycle.

Tea Party forces in Texas firmly repelled any notion of diminishing strength by
defeating a half-dozen legislative incumbents -- a state senator and five House
members -- in the March primaries.

The battle for lieutenant governor has been the hardest-fought race leading up
to the runoff, but Tea Party groups are also rallying behind candidates for
attorney general, agriculture commissioner, a spot on the energy-regulating
Texas Railroad Commission and a number of legislative seats.

The lieutenant governor is one of the most powerful positions in Texas' state
government, part of a leadership triad that includes the governor and the House
speaker. As president of the State Senate, the lieutenant governor appoints
committee members and chairmen, controls the calendar and what legislation gets
to the floor for a vote, and decides who is recognized and who is not during
floor debate. Many of those who have business in the Legislature have already
begun looking toward Mr. Patrick as the potential new Senate leader, since
Republicans are favored to retain their hold over state government. And he seems
to be looking forward to the job.

''We're going to be the most conservative Senate by far in the history of
Texas,'' Mr. Patrick said.

Several other Tea Party candidates appear to have the edge in Tuesday's runoffs,
including Konni Burton, a Tea Party activist armed with a Cruz endorsement in
her bid to win the Republican nomination for a Fort Worth-based State Senate
seat being vacated by Ms. Davis, the Democratic candidate for governor.

The continuing Tea Party momentum in Texas runs counter to the theme that
emerged from last Tuesday's primary results in six other states, where Tea Party
reversals spawned talk that the nearly five-year-old grass-roots movement may
have run its course.

The most visible defeat of a Tea Party challenger was by Senator Mitch McConnell
of Kentucky, the Republican leader in the Senate, who prevailed decisively over
the businessman Matt Bevin.

Outcomes in earlier primaries and in several other states, including Georgia,
Oregon and Idaho last Tuesday, also favored establishment-oriented candidates
over opponents with more hard-line conservative credentials.

Analysts say Texas Tea Party groups are tightly organized and highly energetic,
assisted by huge email lists and members who are far more likely than mainstream
Republicans to engage in grass-roots efforts to target and get out voters.

''We provide boots on the ground,'' said JoAnn Fleming of Tyler, executive
director of Grassroots America We the People, one of the state's largest Tea
Party groups.

Cal Jillson, a political-science professor at Southern Methodist University in
Dallas, said the Tea Party tends to thrive in Texas because Republican primaries
traditionally have low turnout and Tea Party organizations have proved
particularly adept at getting their people to the voting booth.

''The primary showed that the Tea Party is the majority of the Republican
primary vote,'' Mr. Jillson said, predicting that Tea Party candidates were
likely to do well in Tuesday's runoffs.

Only about 15 percent of the state's 13.6 million registered voters cast ballots
in the Democratic and Republican primaries in March, and turnout is expected to
be even lower on Tuesday. Just over 2 percent of voters in the 15 largest
counties were casting ballots in early voting that started last Monday,
according to the secretary of state's office.

After watching establishment incumbents -- including several State House
committee chairmen -- fall to novice Tea Party candidates in previous elections,
the state's political class has become mindful that, in most cases, the key to
victory is to out-conservative the opponent.

''The candidate who has done the best job wrapping themselves in the Tea Party
flag has the best chance to win,'' said Bill Miller, an Austin lobbyist and
consultant. ''You don't counter them. You co-opt them. You can't run against
them and win in a Republican primary.''

Mr. Dewhurst, a wealthy Houston businessman who is seeking a fourth four-year
term as lieutenant governor, first collided with Tea Party power in his 2012
Senate bid. He was heavily favored, but Mr. Cruz prevailed in a runoff and went
on to become a Tea Party darling in the Senate and a prospective presidential
candidate for 2016.

In a telephone interview, Mr. Dewhurst, 68, said he had learned ''a lot of
lessons'' from the Senate defeat and had traveled the state to portray himself
as a ''liberty conservative'' and to engage grass-roots voters. He has drawn
endorsements from a number of Tea Party organizations, in one case winning the
backing of a Houston area group that had been poised to support Mr. Patrick. Mr.
Dewhurst has also been endorsed by Sean Hannity, the conservative talk show
host, and by former Representative Ron Paul, the libertarian hero of many Tea
Partyers.

But Mr. Patrick, 64, a former sportscaster elected to the State Senate in 2006,
is the candidate most identified with the Tea Party and is heading into the
runoff with the blessing of most major Tea Party organizations.

If he wins the runoff and prevails in the general election over State Senator
Leticia Van de Putte, the Democratic nominee, from San Antonio, Mr. Patrick will
replace Mr. Dewhurst as presiding officer of the 31-member State Senate, taking
charge of a Republican-dominated upper chamber that has steadily shifted to the
right in recent elections.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/05/26/us/politics/slowed-elsewhere-tea-party-still-w
ields-considerable-sway-in-texas-races.html

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst of Texas, left, is running for a fourth
term but trailed State Senator Dan Patrick, a Tea Party favorite from Houston,
by 13 percentage points in the first round of voting. The runoff will be
Tuesday. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY KHAMPHA BOUAPHANH/STAR-TELEGRAM VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS
RICARDO B. BRAZZIELL/AUSTIN AMERICAN-STATESMAN VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS) (A9)
Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst, above, says he learned lessons from his loss in 2012's
Senate race. State Senator Dan Patrick, left, has the blessing of most state Tea
Party groups. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY BRANDON WADE FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES
 JASON FOCHTMAN/CONROE COURIER, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS ) (A12)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              586 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                      March 30, 2003 Sunday CITY-D EDITION

Briefs affirm import of justices' action;
More than 100 try to sway a Supreme Court set to consider race's role in college
admissions.

BYLINE: By James M. O'Neill; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A25

LENGTH: 1228 words


With the U.S. Supreme Court poised to decide whether colleges can legally
consider race in their admissions process, a record number of briefs have been
filed to sway the court in what many call the most significant
affirmative-action cases in a quarter-century.

More than a hundred parties - including the Bush administration, dozens of
colleges, members of Congress, 23 states, 66 major corporations, a group of
retired four-star generals, and even the City of Philadelphia - have filed
briefs, reflecting the widespread interest in the cases.

"This is an extremely high-profile case, with enormous consequences for our
society, and there are many groups with strong views on either side who want to
weigh in," said Mark Rahdert, a constitutional-law expert at Temple University.

The Supreme Court will hear arguments in the case Tuesday, and is expected to
reach a decision by early summer.

The cases in question were filed in 1997 by two white applicants denied
undergraduate admission to the University of Michigan (Gratz v. Bollinger), and
another rejected by its law school (Grutter v. Bollinger).

The students contend that Michigan's consideration of race in admissions
violated the equal-protection clause of the 14th Amendment of the U.S.
Constitution, and the 1964 Civil Rights Act.

In recent decades, the Supreme Court has applied a two-part litmus test, which
it calls "strict scrutiny," to determine whether programs that consider race are
constitutional.

The justices first determine whether the state has a "compelling interest" that
would justify using the race-based program. Recently, the court has basically
accepted only one reason for such a program: to remedy specific past
discrimination.

There is one controversial exception. In 1978, in University of California
Regents v. Bakke, Justice Lewis Powell argued there was a compelling interest
for colleges to have student diversity. The Bakke decision ruled that racial
quotas were illegal, but that race could be considered as one of many factors in
admissions.

Michigan, and other schools filing briefs in the current cases, build on
Powell's "diversity" reasoning in Bakke.

A brief filed by Harvard University, the University of Pennsylvania, Princeton
University and others argues that the diversity they achieve through their
admissions policies help teach students "to view issues from multiple
perspectives" and help "break down prejudices and stereotypical assumptions."
These policies "prepare students to work productively in a multiracial
environment," and meet the demands of the professions by preparing "a generation
of public and private leaders for an increasingly pluralistic national and
global economy."

To abandon Bakke, they argue, "would trigger wrenching disruption."

Penn's brief also argues that it would be "a strange, almost otherworldly,
version of diversity that recognized the importance of all kinds of differences
except racial ones."

Many briefs develop variants on the diversity argument.

Corporations argue that they need leaders who know how to work in a racially
diverse global economy. They argue that since higher education is the gateway to
leadership posts in business, law, politics, medicine and other professional
fields, universities must be able to prepare students for diversity.

A brief filed by retired joint chiefs of staff, defense secretaries, and
four-star generals, including Norman Schwarzkopf, argues that the nation's
military academies also have a compelling interest to ensure diversity - troop
morale: "A highly qualified, racially diverse officer corps educated and trained
to command our nation's racially diverse enlisted ranks is essential to the
military's ability to fulfill its principal mission to provide national
security."

On the other side, the students in the Michigan cases are asking the court to
overturn Bakke and find there is no compelling state interest for schools to use
affirmative action in admissions.

In their brief, they argue that since the court's Bakke decision was so
fractured, one cannot conclude that a majority of justices agreed on diversity
as a compelling state interest. They argue that letting universities consider
race "would vitiate the 'core purpose' of the 14th Amendment."

They argue that because the consideration of race in admissions is not used as a
remedy for any specific past discrimination, there would be no limits on its
scope or duration.

Finally, they cite a 1989 Supreme Court decision that concluded that unless they
have a specific remedial goal, race considerations may "promote notions of
racial inferiority and... a politics of racial hostility."

If the justices conclude that diversity is a compelling state interest, they
will then grapple with the second part of the "strict scrutiny" test - deciding
whether the program in question provides the most narrowly focused use of race
available to achieve the goal.

The Bush administration argues that while student diversity is laudable, the
Michigan policies do not meet this second threshold. The brief argues that
Michigan's admissions plan is a quota, since the undergraduate program evaluates
applicants with a 150-point rating system, with 20 points for minority status.

The administration's brief argues that the plan provides "an enormous,
inflexible bonus to students solely on the basis of race."

Instead, President Bush proposes that colleges use the "percent plans" used in
Texas, Florida and California. The Texas plan, devised by the University of
Texas after an appellate court's decision barring affirmative action, guarantees
admission to the top 10 percent of all seniors graduating from Texas public high
schools. Florida admits the top 20 percent, and California the top 4 percent.
The Bush brief calls these "race-neutral" policies that achieve diversity
legally.

But colleges attack these percentage plans on several fronts. They argue that
they work only in states, such as Texas, with largely segregated high schools,
enabling the plan to provide automatic admission to sizable numbers of
minorities. A plan that relies on segregated high schools would not work in
states with fewer minorities.

For instance, a brief filed by Temple and the University of Pittsburgh argues
that while the majority of the school-age population in Texas are Hispanic or
African American, minorities make up only 16 percent of 12th graders in
Pennsylvania, providing a small pool of minorities for the state's universities
to draw on.

The brief argues that a percentage plan that accepted students in the top 20
percent of high school classes in Pennsylvania would ensure Pitt fewer than a
quarter of the 363 African American students who enrolled there in 2002.

Private colleges, meanwhile, say a percentage plan would be unworkable because
they draw applicants from across the country and often have limited space.

If the court bans race consideration in admissions, it could jeopardize other
programs for minorities, including scholarships, Temple's Rahdert said.

"If there's a negative decision, it will spawn a lot of litigation attacking all
kinds of programs that use race, even outside higher education," he said. "It
would certainly force these institutions to rethink what they are doing."

Contact staff writer James M. O'Neill at 610-313-8012 or joneill@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Ottawa Sun

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Hardcore Ram Power Wagon Flexes Its Macho Off-Road Muscles

BYLINE: Lesley Wimbush, Ottawa Sun

SECTION: DRIVING.CA; Review; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 1002  words

DATELINE: VALLEY OF FIRE, Nevada


We're only 80 kilometres northeast of Las Vegas, but the contrast is startling.
Deep in the heart of the Mojave Desert, the striated cliffs, twisted rock
formations and vast blue sky are the perfect antidote to the tawdry lights of
the Vegas strip.

The deep canyons and great shifting sand dunes provide a terrific playground for
evaluating the rockcrawling prowess of the latest Ram Power Wagon. Its name is
derived, of course, from the iconic Dodge Power Wagon, introduced in 1946 as a
weapons carrier and the world's first 4x4 pickup truck. The badge was
resurrected in 2005 for special hardcore off-road versions of the Ram.

While the important mechanical bits in the 2017 Power Wagon remain unchanged, it
returns with a tough new exterior more fitting for a brawny rock-crawler. Where
the previous model was festooned with far too much brightwork for a serious
off-roader, the new design eschews gaudy chrome in favour of blackedout grille,
a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips, rugged wheel arches, and black mirror
caps with matching wheels.

The interior gets some exclusive Power Wagon badging, an optional black
headliner and tire treadthemed seat inserts. Splashy side graphics give way to
two-tone paint with black or silver decals. It certainly looks the part of
dedicated rock-crawler. And underneath the macho exterior is an arsenal of
offroad equipment that leads Fiat Chrysler to claim the Power Wagon is "the most
capable truck in Canada." This includes complete under-chassis armour, Bilstein
mono-tube shocks, five-link coil rear suspension, electronic disconnecting sway
bar, electric locking front and rear differentials, 33-inch Goodyear off-road
tires and a 12,000-pound Warn winch up front.

The Power Wagon boasts 363 millimetres (14.3 inches) of clearance, 660 mm (26
inches) of wheel travel and 762 mm (30 inches) of water fording. Approach angle
is 34 degrees, departure 23.5 and breakover angle 25.5.

It's powered by the 6.4-litre Hemi V8 engine, with 410 horsepower and 429
pound-feet of torque. (Unfortunately there's no Cummins diesel option, because
there's no room behind the Warn winch for an intercooler.) The engine is mated
to a heavy duty six-speed automatic transmission, As any hardcore offroader
knows, the secret to clambering over enormous obstacles and inching up jagged
cliffs lies in suspension articulation. Simply put, it's the vehicle's ability
to keep all four wheels in contact with the ground, regardless of how rough the
terrain. Many trail enthusiasts remove the sway bar to get more flex, but the
downside is a truck that wallows and rolls when they leave the trail for
everyday roads.

Getting to Fire Valley entailed nearly two hours of highway driving, over which
the Ram exhibited first drive solid handling with very little roll. Potholes and
washboard pavement were nicely absorbed by the suspension damping, with little
intrusion into the cabin.

The secret to the Power Wagon's versatility lies in its "Ram Articulink" front
suspension setup, which uses high-movement joints between the control arm and
axle mount for more flexibility and up to 660 mm (26 inches) of vertical wheel
movement.

Instead of stopping at the trail head and grabbing the tool box, the Power Wagon
lets you disconnect the sway bar from inside the truck by simply pushing a
button. The classexclusive, electronically disconnecting "smart bar" allows the
front axle to move independently of the frame, which of course lets the truck
flex over large obstacles while keeping rubber on the ground.

In the rear, the Power Wagon has the same multi-link coil rear suspension used
by all Ram 2500 HD trucks. Its advantages over traditional leaf springs include
less unsprung mass, better articulation and less shuddering over rough surfaces
from undesirable axle rotation.

Most of the sandy roads required only 4WD. But when our way became strewn with
large boulders and deeply rutted tracks, we switched over to 4LO, which allowed
us to climb steep hills quite effortlessly. The truck's hill-descent control
system allowed us to set a steady speed downward without touching the throttle
or brake pedal.

Fire Valley's name is derived from the deep red sandstone of its canyons, and
erosion has sculpted some unique rock formations which we had to circumnavigate
or clamber over. Using the dash-mounted sway-bar disconnect frees up the front
wheels, giving them a greater range of movement to climb over even enormous
boulders and slabs of rock. The beefy treads of the Goodyear Wrangler tires find
purchase on the smooth stone as we inch our way upward. Although there's the
occasional wince-inducing clang of metal hitting rock, the Power Wagon's
underside is generously protected by steel armour. It's a bit surreal seeing
such a long, heavy vehicle undulating and inching upward on such rugged terrain.

Fiat Chrysler says the new Power Wagon is the most capable off-road truck in
Canada, a lofty claim that will have Ford F-150 Raptor owners throwing down the
gauntlet. While there's a lot of overlap between the two vehicles, the Raptor is
a highspeed desert racer, able to launch itself off sand dunes, and the Power
Wagon is a tough, brawny rockcrawler with a 685-kilogram (1,510-pound) payload
and the ability to tow 4,550 kg (10,030 lbs) of gear to the trail site.

Its 5,445-kg (12,000-lb) electric winch comes in handy for extricating those
unfortunates who find themselves stuck or, as we found out, upside down. Using a
steep rock face to flip over a caged Toyota 4Runner, the Ram folks demonstrated
how quickly the Power Wagon was able to winch the 4Runner away from the wall and
back over onto its wheels.

In addition to the Class 5 receiver hitch, the Ram Power Wagon comes with an
optional cargo-view camera for monitoring payload, and a tailgate-mounted
rear-view camera.

The 2017 Ram Power Wagon is available in Canadian dealerships now, starting at
$58,945 and available with a Leather and Luxury package ($4,995). !@COPYRIGHT=©
2017 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / (See hardcopy for photo); Lesley Wimbush, Driving;  2018 Ram Power
Wagon 2500.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Ottawa Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 3, 2013 Sunday

OPINION: McCarthy needs to lead on immigration reform

BYLINE: Robert Price, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 645 words


Feb. 03--Kevin McCarthy is in a position of power right now, even more so than
one would normally expect of the third-ranking Republican in the GOP-dominated
House.

The nature of McCarthy's congressional district -- conservative but also heavily
Hispanic and reliant on undocumented immigrant farm labor -- means his opinion
in this debate has added weight. As a red-district voice in a sea of California
blue, he ought to hold disproportionate sway in the amnesty-averse House.

But that sway was nowhere to be seen last week. Power is usually accompanied by
opportunities to display leadership, but we've seen little of the latter from
McCarthy on immigration reform -- and, specifically, his stance on the similar
proposals from President Obama and a bipartisan committee of U.S. senators.
Except for Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., who clearly sees the importance of Latino
support in his all-but-assured quest for the 2016 presidential nomination, we've
heard almost nothing from House Republicans.

And it's not like we haven't asked. All last week, The Californian tried to get
McCarthy to share his thoughts on the push for immigration reform that has
overtaken Washington since Obama's re-election -- a victory that was largely a
consequence of Republicans' failure to win Latino support.

No response.

Does the congressman support a more direct path to citizenship for illegal
immigrants? Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., does, as do the three other Republican
senators who served with him on that committee. As does Paul Ryan. But how does
McCarthy feel about establishing a probationary legal status that hinges in part
on background checks and payment of back taxes? What about enhanced border
security as a prerequisite for any changes? We asked McCarthy for his thoughts
on reform, in general terms, throughout the week. He finally sent The
Californian a brief email Friday afternoon saying he hadn't had an opportunity
to scrutinize the Senate proposal but reaffirming his dedication to "the rule of
law."

The cynic in me wonders if McCarthy and the House leadership are still simply
trying to gauge which way the wind is blowing. Here in the real world (Kern
County excepted), it's blowing unambiguously for reform, but the House is
anything but the real world.

Well, you might ask, what's the hurry? Just this: Immigration reform must be
passed by Congress' summer recess or it might not be passed at all. As the 2014
primary season edges nearer, House Republicans -- especially those who fear
challenges from the right -- will start feeling skittish about a vote for
reform. Their conservative base will not be thrilled with the idea, and the Rush
Limbaughs of the world will stoke that fire. And, as April gives way to July,
it'll be over.

Who loses? Undocumented immigrants who would have qualified for some sort of
acceptable legal status, of course. And, Mr. House Republican, your party.
Having already failed to appreciate the epic changes in U.S. demographics,
Republicans will have missed an opportunity to steer their ship away from the
precipice. And that failure will fall on none other than McCarthy, who, as House
majority whip, is charged with helping Republicans get elected and stay elected.
So the brain trust's waffling on this issue only makes his task tougher.

That's where true leadership could make such a difference. Assuming McCarthy
recognizes the inevitably of immigration reform -- and I believe he does -- his
voice can make a huge impact. He'll want to make sure Speaker John Boehner and
Majority Leader Eric Cantor are speaking with the same voice, naturally, but
that's what a whip does -- he convinces.

Email Editorial Page Editor Robert Price at rprice@bakersfield.com

___ (c)2013 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130203-BK-OPINION-McCarthy-needs-to-lead-on-immigration-reform-0203-20130203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2013 The Bakersfield Californian


                              589 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   November 21, 1998, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

Braves will need to pay to sway

BYLINE: Terence Moore

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 02H Terence Moore

LENGTH: 531 words


If Brian Jordan wants $ 8 million, $ 9 million, $ 10 million per season, the
Atlanta Braves should offer that, along with half of CNN Center. If that isn't
enough to sway Jordan to come here, they should give him all of the above and
the other half of CNN Center.

In fact, as we speak, those who run the Braves should have somebody delivering a
fresh bouquet of roses to Jordan's wife, Pam, every hour on the hour. They
should hire Barney and Baby Bop to woo Brianna and Bryson, the Jordans'
children.

They should have folks patrolling the Jordans' home in Stone Mountain at all
times. You know, just in case they need something. Anything. That's because the
Braves should do whatever it takes to make Jordan their new right fielder, their
new clutch hitter, their new clubhouse leader.

They should do it now. If they wait, and if the New York Yankees can't re-sign
Bernie Williams, George Steinbrenner will do what those who run the Braves
rarely do. Steinbrenner will refuse to plead poverty in the midst of riches. In
other words, he will do whatever it takes to grab another world championship for
his New York Yankees by adding Jordan to his already mighty collection of
winners.

Peter Angelos is out there, too. He has offered Jordan a chunk of Chesapeake Bay
to join his Baltimore Orioles. The New York Mets also want Jordan, but the man
loves Atlanta. He left his heart in Suwanee, where he played three seasons with
the Falcons through 1991. At 30, he really wants to spend his sixth season in
the majors right here. Not only that, the refreshing Jordan is exactly what the
stale Braves need.

They need Jordan's energy. In St. Louis, for instance, Jordan was the 6-foot-1,
205-pound bridge connecting the various factions of the Cardinals clubhouse. He
once got the attention of a teammate in the minors by grabbing the guy in a bear
hug and threatening to squeeze either the corpuscles or the cockiness out of
him.

With Jordan around, Andruw Jones' spurts of nonchalance would have ended long
before Braves manager Bobby Cox yanked his center fielder in the middle of an
inning last season.

On the field, Jordan hit well enough (.316, 25 homers, 91 RBIs) behind Mark
McGwire last season to give McGwire more than a few pitches to surpass Ruth and
Maris.

In 1996, Jordan tied baseball's career record with 13 bases-loaded hits. He also
led the NL with a .422 average with runners in scoring position. We mention it,
because the Braves need such timely hitting to end their yearly chokes in
October.

Defensively? Jordan is superb. He isn't a base stealer, but he is fast enough to
make things interesting.

Mostly, nobody is more fearless. Jordan approaches each game with his
strong-safety mentality. It isn't always good. After he spent another year
sitting more than playing in 1997, with shoulder and wrist injuries, he hired a
personal trainer. He eventually played a career-high 150 games.

No, Jordan isn't among the greatest players ever. He probably isn't among the
greatest of today. He is perfect for the Braves, though. They need his bat, his
glove, his arm, his legs, his fire.

They need him, period.
E-mail: tlmajc@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              590 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Oskaloosa Herald (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 6, 2008 Monday

CNHI Swing Vote participant says she is still not swayed

BYLINE: Michael Schaffer, The Oskaloosa Herald, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 333 words


Oct. 6--OSKALOOSA -- The vice presidential debate Thursday night between Alaska
Republican Gov. Sarah Palin and Delaware Democrat Sen. Joe Biden failed to sway
Community Newspaper Holding Incorporated Swing Vote participant Diane Brand, of
New Sharon.

"Even after the debate, I don't think that they swayed me one way or another,"
Brand said.

Brand said she watched the debate and felt both candidates did a good job
answering the questions. She said she is still leaning toward her original
ticket or candidate.

"I don't really think there was a winner, in my opinion. It was pretty even in
my opinion," Brand said. "Like I said, I think they both answered the questions
well."

Both candidates were cordial to each other and answered the questions asked by
moderator Gwen Ifill, Brand said.

"I just thought that it went well. They were both nice and polite and not a lot
of bad things were said," Brand said.

Yet Brand said Palin appeared to skirt more of the questions than Biden did.

"I think, like all politicians, they kind of sidestepped a little bit," Brand
said. "Sarah Palin I think more so than Biden. And I don't know if she didn't
know the answers. And she was right up front and said, 'I may not answer these
the way you want me to.'"

Brand said she was looking forward to watching the next presidential debate
Tuesday night between Barack Obama and John McCain.

Swing Vote is a CNHI project to track undecided voters to chronicle what it is
that sways a voter to one party or the other.

Herald City Editor Michael Schaffer can be reached by email at
mschaffer@oskyherald.com

To see more of The Oskaloosa Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.oskaloosaherald.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Oskaloosa Herald, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20081006-XZ-CNHI-Swing-Vote-participant-says-she-is-still-not-swayed-1006

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XZ


                                 Copyright 2008


                              591 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            July 30, 2008 Wednesday

Quake rattles buildings, nerves in California

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 515 words


LOS ANGELES - The strongest earthquake to strike a populated area of Southern
California in more than a decade rattled windows and chandeliers, made buildings
sway and sent people running into the streets on Tuesday. But there were no
immediate reports of serious injuries or major damage.

The 5.4-magnitude quake - considered moderate - was felt from Los Angeles to San
Diego, and as far east as Las Vegas, 370kms away. Nearly 30 aftershocks quickly
followed, the largest estimated at 3.8.

The quake was centred 47kms southeast of downtown Los Angeles near Chino Hills,
a San Bernardino County city of 80,000 built mostly in the early 1990s with the
latest in earthquake-resistant technology.

Buildings swayed in downtown Los Angeles for several seconds, leading to the
evacuation of some offices.

"I'm still shaking. My knees are wobbling. I thought the building might
collapse," said Rosana Martinez, 50, an employee of California National Bank in
downtown Los Angeles.

As strong as it felt, Tuesday's quake was far less powerful than the deadly
magnitude-6.7 Northridge earthquake that topped bridges and buildings on Jan.
17, 1994. That was the last damaging temblor in Southern California, though not
the biggest. A 7.1 quake struck the desert in 1999.

"The most interesting thing to us about this earthquake so far is it is the
first one we've had in a populated area for quite a long time and people have
forgotten what earthquakes feel like," said seismologist Kate Hutton at the US
Geological Survey office in Pasadena. "We should probably look at it as an
earthquake drill. I mean it's a drill for the Big One that will be coming some
day."

The quake interrupted a meeting of the Los Angeles City Council, causing the
27-storey City Hall to sway just as Councilman Dennis Zine was criticizing a
plan to increase trash fees.

"And there goes the earthquake - earthquake, earthquake, earthquake!" said Zine,
as members of the audience began to cry out. "The building is rolling!"

Merchandise toppled from store shelves and bricks fell from walls of old-style
buildings.

California's Office of Emergency Services received scattered reports of minor
infrastructure damage, including broken water mains and gas lines.

"Nothing serious enough to be an immediate threat to lives, but there is some
disruption to utility service," spokesman Kelly Huston said. The damage was in
the greater Los Angeles area.

Minor structural damage was reported throughout Los Angeles, along with five
minor injuries and people stuck in elevators, said City Councilwoman Wendy
Greuel, serving as acting mayor. She said there was flooding in one department
store.

The California Department of Transportation and California Highway Patrol were
assessing freeways to check for damage. Traffic appeared to be flowing easily,
however.

The jolt caused a fire but no injuries at a Southern California Edison
electrical substation in La Habra, about 19kms southwest of the epicentre,
spokesman Paul Klein said. Damage there and to other equipment led to some power
outages in Chino Hills, Chino, Diamond Bar and Pomona, he said.

- AP

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 31, 2009 Tuesday

BLOOMBERG BEAMS OVER SCHOOL PRAISE

BYLINE: BRENDAN SCOTT in Albany, DAVID SEIFMAN & CARL CAMPANILE in NY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 447 words


Mayor Bloomberg was thrilled yesterday that President Obama's education czar
strongly backed keeping control of city public schools in Hizzoner's hands.

"The professionals say we're going in the right direction. I think that's what
really should sway Albany," Bloomberg said, referring to support from US
Education Secretary Arne Duncan, who called for continuation of mayoral control
in yesterday's Post, citing "real progress" in Big Apple classrooms.

The school governance law the state Legislature approved, giving the mayor
direct authority to run the schools, expires June 30. And some critics -
including the teachers union - want to loosen the mayor's control over education
policy.

Bloomberg said he was hopeful that Duncan's comments would convince legislators
to do the right thing.

"But the main thing that should have impact in Albany are the results.
Graduation rates continue to go up. Tests scores continue to go up. Crime
continues to come down. Our teachers are now paid 43 percent more than they were
paid before we had mayoral control," the mayor said.

"So you'd think the teachers would be happy and they'd have the opportunity to
teach in a better school system. We're flooded by people who want to come here
and teach," he added.

Duncan - who was superintendent of the Chicago school system under the direct
control of Mayor Richard Daley - told The Post he's "absolutely a proponent" of
having public education run out of City Hall.

He said mayoral control provides more accountability, stability and flexibility
to implement reform.

Duncan - citing improved test scores and graduation rates, more school choice
and curbing social promotion - said of Bloomberg and Klein, "They've made very
significant strides in the right direction. To go in a different direction
wouldn't make sense."

United Federation of Teachers president Randi Weingarten sought to downplay
Duncan's comments.

"Mayoral control of schools in Chicago is different from mayoral control in New
York City, and I'm sure Arne Duncan did not intend to immerse himself into the
Legislature's debate over the nuances of school governance here," Weingarten
said.

Klein said Duncan's endorsement of mayoral control was a crucial stamp of
approval from the nation's top educator.

"He knows personally the challenges facing urban school districts and the need
for the kind of bold leadership that Mayor Bloomberg has demonstrated," the
chancellor said.

----

'THE PROFESSIONALS SAY WE'RE GOING IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION. I THINK THAT'S WHAT
REALLY SHOULD SWAY ALBANY.' - MAYOR BLOOMBERG REFERRING TO SUPPORT FROM
PRESIDENT OBAMA'S EDUCATION CZAR, WHO CALLED FOR CONTINUATION OF MAYORAL CONTROL

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mayor Mike Bloomberg.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     September 22, 2002 Sunday 1ST EDITION

Rickey's whimsical sculptures still produce smiles in Denver

BYLINE: Kyle MacMillan,

SECTION: F; Pg. F-06

LENGTH: 790 words


Perhaps it is the little boy in me, the same one who still likes to  watch
freight trains lumber by and to sway on porch gliders, but I  have long been a
fan of George Rickey.

Although Rickey has never been trendy or fashionable, his  stainless-steel
sculptures can be found at many of this country's  top art museums and sculpture
gardens, moving gently and gracefully  with the air currents.

His work is not exactly profound or probing, but it is fun,  whimsical and
visually appealing. And it possesses a compelling  sense of honesty. It is what
it is, and it does not pretend to be  anything more.

Plus, there is something wonderfully satisfying and comforting  about just
standing and watching the blades on his kinetic pieces  sway back and forth, the
exact balances keeping the movement slow  and measured.

It was sad, therefore, if not unexpected, to learn of his death  July 17 at age
95. He was busy virtually to the end, his final work  having been installed at
the Hyogo Museum in Japan on March 30.

Although Rickey never lived in Colorado, the St. Paul, Minn.-based  sculptor had
a number of associations with the state, none more  significant than his local
representation from 1984 through 1996 by  the now-defunct Inkfish Gallery.

Paul and Nancy Hughes, art collectors who decided to turn their  passion into a
business, opened the firm in 1975, and it became one  of Denver's most important
galleries, showing top regional and  national artists.

It moved four times before finally closing in 1997 and is probably  most
associated with its 3,000-square-foot quarters from 1987  through 1996 at 949
Broadway, in the building where the weekly  tabloid Westword now has its
offices.

The Hugheses met Rickey through Harry Bertoia, another significant  metal
sculptor whom they represented and were close friends. After  a meeting at
Rickey's longtime studio in East Chatham, N.Y., the  artist agreed to a Denver
show, and dates were set in 1984.

'He said OK on the spot,' Hughes said, 'and on a hand shake, he  sent me, I
don't know, $ 300,000 worth of work. That was an  incredible show. It was a
sell-out show.'

Rickey then had exhibition at Inkfish every three years through  1996. The
opening for that last show coincided with the dedication  of 'Lao-Tzu,' a
monumental, abstract, steel-girder sculpture on  the plaza between the Denver
Art Museum and Denver Central Library  by Mark di Suvero.

'We went down to see the sculpture,' Hughes said. '(Denver Art  Museum Director)
Lewis Sharp and di Suvero were walking by when we  were looking at it, and it
was like old-home week for George.

'There is a kinetic piece on top of 'Lao-Tzu,' and he (di Suvero)  said to
George that was for him. And whether it's absolutely true  or not or whether he
made it up on the spot, he had studied a  little bit with George in California,
so it makes sense.'

Inkfish sold dozens of sculptures by Rickey, and Hughes believes  that at least
30 or 40 of them, mostly indoor pieces 30-40 inches  tall, are probably still in
private collections around Colorado.

'We were very fortunate,' Hughes said. 'George was very good to  us. He
virtually kept the gallery going for a long time.'

The Denver Art Museum owns three works by Rickey: two  characteristic kinetic
sculptures and an anonymous oil portrait  that he completed in 1945 while
stationed in Denver at Lowry field  in World War II.

During that time, he befriended such local cultural figures as  playwright Mary
Coyle Chase and painter Vance Kirkland and quickly  became part of the society
scene through his connection with Caleb  Gates Sr., a member of the family that
owned the Gates Rubber Co.  The two played rugby together while studying at
Oxford University.

'That was one of the reasons that he immediately said he wanted to  have a show
in Denver,' Hughes said, 'because he wanted to come  back.'

The most widely known of the museum's Rickey holdings is 'Two  Lines Oblique
Down, Variation III,' (1970), a 21-foot-tall  two-bladed piece that can be seen
jutting above the museum's  perimeter wall on the corner of 14th Avenue and
Bannock Street.

It is one of the city's best public sculptures and a worthy part of  the
international legacy of this artist who took joy in making  elegant moving
objects with the all-important power of bringing  smiles to his viewers' faces.

Post Critic-at-Large Kyle MacMillan's column on the fine arts  appears every
other Sunday in Arts & Entertainment, alternating  with Bret Saunders' column on
jazz. Reach him at  kmacmillan@denverpost.com or 303-820-1675.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Denver Post file photo George Rickey

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                            February 21, 2011 Monday

Justice Clarence Thomas is coming up on five years of silence during oral
arguments

BYLINE: Kimberly Atkins

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 536  words


Tomorrow will be an anniversary of sorts for the U.S. Supreme Court. The last
time Justice Clarence Thomas made a comment or asked a question during oral
arguments at the Court was Feb. 22, 2006 - five years ago tomorrow.

Thomas' silence has long been a subject of chat among legal watchers. During
oral arguments, if the justice leans forward in his seat reporters in the press
galley perk up, wondering if that will be the day that the justice decides to
chime in. Veteran New York Times scribe Linda Greenhouse once called Thomas'
determined refusal to take part in oral arguments "a weirdly compelling example
of performance art. "

Thomas himself has spoken on the subject of his silence. In his opinion, oral
arguments work as more of a vehicle for justices to advocate their own position
- or give attorneys a hard time - than for lawyers to sway the justices.

"So why do you beat up on people if you already know? I don't know, because I
don't beat up on 'em," Thomas said in an Associated Press report in 2009. "I
refuse to participate. I don't like it, so I don't do it. ...All nine of us are
in the same building. If we want to sway each other we know where we are. We
don't need oral arguments to do that. It doesn't make any sense to me. "

That's not to say Thomas is completely silent during oral arguments. He's often
seen whispering and even laughing with the justices seated to either side of him
on the bench - Justices Antonin Scalia and Stephen Breyer.    But for the most
part, Court spectators can witness the justice thumbing through briefs, or
leaning far back in his leather chair with his eyes closed in apparent
refection. The only time his voice has been heard during the last five years of
the Court's sessions is when he has announced the opinions he authored before
oral arguments began.

Still, his decision not to participate in oral arguments has spurred debate in
the legal community. Some simply say it's a matter of the justice's personal
style.

Others are pleased with Thomas' approach. "It reflects humility on his part,"
Steffen Johnson of Winston & Strawn in Washington told the National Law
Journal's Tony Mauro.

Vikram Amar, a professor at UC David School of law, agrees with Thomas. "I don't
know why the justices need argument to talk to each other," Amar wrote in the
New York Times. "They can write each other memos before argument is heard. And
they can speak directly to each other in chambers, or in the conference after
each argument sitting, at which time tentative votes in the argued cases are
taken. "

But others are critical of the justice. "By removing himself from oral argument,
Justice Thomas' opinions do not benefit from the full adjudicative process
designed to test theories in open court," wrote David Karp argues in a Florida
Law Review article, according to Mauro. "Many of his opinions, therefore, read
less like the product of actual litigation, and more like constitutional
commentary. "

Columbia Law School professor Jamal Greene said Thomas' lack of participation
evidences a rigidity of opinion, and a lack of desire for his views to be
changed. "It is difficult for a silent justice to win over colleagues, but he
may not care to," Greene wrote in the Times.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 14, 2015 Monday

EDITORIAL: Attempt to sway mayoral election in Stroudsburg is no small matter

BYLINE: Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 344 words


Dec. 14--Every Stroudsburg voter has a vested interest in the Monroe County
District Attorney's inquiry into an illicit attempt to steer November's mayoral
race.

The DA is investigating an anonymous letter that maligned then-candidate, now
mayor-elect Tarah Probst. The writer of the poison pen letter that assailed
Probst's character failed to comply with election code requirements that
campaign materials clearly state the name of the person who made them or paid
for them.

Officials know who addressed envelopes that contained the letter, which was
delivered to Stroudsburg voters days before the Nov. 3 election: former
Stroudsburg Judge of Elections Caroline Strasser. Another former elections
worker, who received the letter, identified Strasser by her own handwriting and
Strasser admitted preparing the envelopes. But Strasser won't say who wrote the
letter. And now whoever did write the letter may face charges not only of
failing to label the materials, but of failing to file an expense report, also
required by the election code. The expense filing deadline passed on Dec. 3.

Such violations may seem procedural, but they are in fact fundamental. A free
society depends on fair and open elections to function. When people collude
anonymously to influence voters, they corrupt the system. That Strasser herself
had been an elections official, familiar with the rules, serving over several
different elections in several different precincts, brings a deeper sense of
violation to the case. She knew better.

Monroe County District Attorney E. David Christine has plenty of other cases on
his desk. This one, though, deserves special attention because it goes to the
very core of democracy. Probst and her Republican opponent, Bob Phillips, and
Stroudsburg voters alike deserve to know who tried, under veil of anonymity, to
sway the election. That person, too, should be identified and prosecuted.

___ (c)2015 the Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa. Visit the Pocono Record,
Stroudsburg, Pa. at http://www.poconorecord.com/ Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151214-1PO-EDITORIAL-Attempt-to-sway
-mayoral-election-in-Stroudsburg-is-no-small-matter-1214-20151214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1PO


                                 Copyright 2015


                              596 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             April 09, 2000, Sunday

Grandmom finds peace 70 feet high, with no net

BYLINE: MELANIE AVE

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 615 words

DATELINE: PINELLAS PARK



A member of the famed Wallenda aerial family, Carla dazzles the audience with
her feats atop the "sway pole."

In many ways, Carla Wallenda is a typical grandma. She loves to cook and scout
for yard sales. But unlike most grandmas, she also likes to walk high wires,
swing from a trapeze and hang atop a 70-foot-tall pole.

She's a 5-foot-2-inch "high-flying grandmother with nerves of steel" and she's
performing this weekend at a fund-raising carnival for Pinellas Park Middle
School student clubs.

Daughter of the famed Karl Wallenda, who founded "The Great Wallendas" circus
acrobatic troupe, Carla Wallenda will perform aerial routines from a
seven-story-tall steel pole that can sway 25-feet in any direction. She is
tentatively scheduled to perform at 2 p.m. and 5 p.m. today at the school, 6940
70th Ave. N.

Wallenda, 64, has been performing on the sway pole for 36 years and uses no
safety net, said her husband, Mike Morgan. She will swing from the pole and hang
upside down. Her aunt died while performing on the pole in 1963.

Afterward, Karl Wallenda put the act away "because it was too dangerous," Morgan
said. But as an admirer of her deceased aunt and the pole act, Carla Wallenda
begged her father to let her try it. He finally agreed, and she's been doing the
pole act at circuses, carnivals and fairs ever since, her husband said.

"It's a career," Morgan said. "A lifestyle. It's a challenge. You not only get
the good feeling of performing, but also of challenging yourself to succeed."

Several of Wallenda's family members have died or been injured while performing
circus stunts.

Karl Wallenda, who once said, "Being on the tightrope is living; everything else
is waiting," fell to his death in 1978 at the age of 73. In 1962, Carla
Wallenda's brother was paralyzed and a cousin and brother-in-law died after
falling from a seven-man high wire act in Detroit.

The seven-man pyramid was once a trademark of the Wallendas. But after the 1962
accident, they all but cut it out of their performances.

Carla Wallenda has never thought about stopping her circus acts because of the
deaths or injuries of family members, her husband said. "She says many people
lose family members in car accidents, but they still get in a car and drive,"
Morgan said.

"It's like driving a car, you've got to have respect for what you're doing," he
said. "She has total control and respect for what she's doing. She's not an
idiot or a fool."

Carnival organizer Harriet Waller, an eighth-grade social studies teacher at
Pinellas Park, said she watched Wallenda's initial performance Thursday and
believes many spectators will be amazed.

"It was scary to me," she said. "She was high, high on the pole performing. Very
high. But people here really liked it."

Wallenda has been performing since about age 3. And while the travels for the
Pensacola grandmother of eight have slowed in recent years, she still performs
frequently.

Morgan said Wallenda relishes the reaction of children who come to watch her
stunts.

"The young kids ooh and ahh and they want to come over and talk to her," he
said. "Carla just loves performing. It's her therapy to go up on the pole. She
goes on up the pole and when she comes down, her troubles are gone.

"Not only that, but she also spots yard sales. When she comes down, she's like
come on, let's go to a yard sale."

The carnival continues today from noon to 6 p.m. Admission is free, but tickets
are required for the midway rides.

Part of the proceeds will benefit the school's student clubs such as student
council, National Junior Honor Society, band boosters, multicultural society,
technology club and cheerleading.


LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, News-Press photo; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, News-Press photo;
Carla Wallenda soars 70 feet above the pavement during a recent performance in
North Fort Myers., (ran West); Carla Wallenda soars 70 feet above the pavement
during a recent performance in North Fort Myers., (ran East, South)

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              597 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            July 11, 2007 Wednesday

Green River Fest Debuts Eilen Jewell.

BYLINE: Greenfield Town Crier

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 590 words


Once in a great while, you put on a CD by an artist you've never heard of before
and time stops. The voice is new, yet timeless. The lyrics are all original yet
feel immediately familiar, lived-in, knowing. And the melodies - expertly
performed by a first-rate band - carry the easy groove.

This is the story of Eilen (rhymes with feelin') Jewell, as she prepares to
release her national debut album Letters From Sinners and Strangers on Signature
Sounds on July 10.

It started after her 2005 self-released debut Boundary Country CD made its way
into club-owners' hands, onto a handful of radio shows and around the press
circles of Boston, her current home base. Reaction to Eilen's music-12 original
songs from the Boise-born 27-year-old singer-was swift. Many compared her
talents to those of Lucinda Williams, Gillian Welch and June Carter Cash. The
Boston Globe said, "The slow organic sway of her melodies, and the sensual way
she rubs against the low end of her register, will remind some of Gillian Welch.
Also like Welch, her writing is both intimate and vivid, classically framed and
closely observed." Letters From Sinners and Strangers promises to show the rest
of the world what the buzz is about. Jewell's heart-achingly hushed style and
intimate grasp of roots music's wild graces are revealed in the CD's
provocative, melodic originals and timeless country and blues classics. Set to a
swaying, irrepressible groove, the subdued emotion in her soft soprano feels
like music straining beneath skin. And the band evokes classic country, folk and
swing without feeling nostalgic. Nothing about roots is retro in Eilen Jewell's
universe.

"Some writers are so specific, you get lost," she says. "I named the album
Letters From Sinners and Strangers because it feels like every song is a
different story, written by one of the characters in it. I want people to
understand them, to hear it the same way I feel it."

After busking at college in Santa Fe, she spent a summer busking in Venice
Beach, California. "It helped me learn to establish your boundaries as a
performer, she says. "Growing up in Idaho, everyone's so friendly. It took me a
while to not get too disturbed about what strangers might say or do."

She then followed the burgeoning neo-trad revival to the Berkshires in Western
Massachusetts, where she made her stage debut at open mikes and folk clubs. But
everyone told her Boston was the place to go if she wanted a folk career. It was
there that she met percussionist and roots DJ Jason Beek, who anchors her band,
totally in synch with the slow sway of her simmering vocals. Similarly guitarist
Jerry Miller moves deftly from Western swing to hot blues to sweaty, midnight
rock, always seconding, but never detracting from, the singing.

Jewell is at her most daring in her use of silence, deftly placed pauses that
imply deep wells of restrained emotion. "I think space is one of the most
important things in writing and performing," she says. "I don't know why; it's
just an aesthetic that I have. I always preferred songs that leave room, that
don't get all cluttered up. There's so much clutter in our lives these days."

"The fewer tricks you have going on, the fewer antics, the more bare you are,"
she adds. There's something much more real about that, and there's also
something terrifying. But I know that's the music that really moves me."

Catch Eilen Jewell at the Green River Festival pre-festival FREE concert at the
Energy Park on July 19, 6 - 8:30 p.m. For more information, visit
www.greenriverfestival.com .

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

Wyo. electors cast ballots for Trump

BYLINE: Matt Murphy

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. 12-20 NEWS Electoral college::1

LENGTH: 658 words


bkm

This story was written for 12-20-16

Online: Despite attempts to sway electors, Wyoming votes go to Trump

Print: Wyoming electors cast ballots for Trump

CQ: Bonnie Foster, Karl Allred, Teresa Richards, Matt Mead, Kai Schon, Ed Murray

At a glance

Despite attempts nationwide to get Electoral College voters to vote against
Donald Trump, all three of Wyoming's electors matched the state's popular vote
and cast ballots for the Republican president-elect.

By Matt Murphy

Wyoming Tribune Eagle

CHEYENNE - Wyoming's three votes in the Electoral College will go to Republicans
Donald Trump and Mike Pence following the formal vote by the state's electors
Monday.

Electors Karl Allred of Evanston, Bonnie Foster of Casper and Teresa Richards of
Rock Springs were joined by Gov. Matt Mead, Secretary of State Ed Murray and
state Elections Director Kai Schon, with each having a legal role in the
ceremony.

Trump winning Wyoming's electoral votes wasn't really in question, as state law
requires all electors to vote for the candidate that won the statewide popular
vote.

Still, each of the state's three electors had received hundreds of emails, phone
calls and letters over the last few weeks, urging them to vote for a candidate
other than Trump.

Few could be traced to sources within Wyoming, the electors said.

Allred said he received thousands of emails and hundreds of phone calls, and
many of the communications he received seemed similar.

"What I've noticed is all the emails were basically form emails," he said. "A
couple of them would have a personal note on top."

Allred said he tried to respond to as many as he could.

"As I would talk to people, it was very obvious they really didn't understand
what they were talking about. They were reading off of a list of talking
points."

Many of the letters also started out in a similar way.

"As an elector, I don't represent California, I don't represent New York, I
represent the people of the state of Wyoming," Allred said. "It would be
dishonest and unethical for me to do anything but follow the wishes of the
people of the state of Wyoming."

Richards estimated she received about 1,300 emails and 800 letters trying to
sway her away from Trump.

Five letters were from Wyoming, she said.

Foster also received correspondence, and initially she responded to some of what
she was receiving, but she later stopped.

Foster had a unique perspective on the Electoral College process. Not only was
she an elector, she was the state director for the Trump presidential campaign.

"It's, like, elating," she said of being able to vote for Trump as an elector
after her work in the campaign. "I can't even actually really describe it. ?
It's very fulfilling and very exciting."

Foster said she messaged the campaign immediately after the Electoral College
vote.

"It's been a great experience, and what a great way to end it," she said.

Wyoming's three electors were chosen at the state Republican Party convention
earlier this year.

Political parties in Wyoming select electors, and the party whose presidential
candidate wins the state has its electors used for the vote. In other words,
because Trump won Wyoming, the Electoral College voters came from the Republican
Party.

Had Democrat Hillary Clinton won Wyoming, the Democratic Party would have sent
its electors.

Statewide, Trump received 174,419 votes, while Clinton had 55,973, Libertarian
Gary Johnson had 13,287, Green Party candidate Jill Stein had 2,515,
Constitution Party candidate Darrell Castle had 2,042 and independent Rocky De
La Fuente had 709.

Trump won all but one county in Wyoming - Teton.

He had more than 60 percent of the vote in all other counties except Albany,
where he had 46 percent of the vote.

Trump's best performance in Wyoming was generally in the state's northeastern
counties.

Matt Murphy

is the Wyoming Tribune Eagle's state government reporter. He can be reached at
mmurphy@wyomingnews.com or 307-633-3124. Follow him on Twitter at @mattmurphywy.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               September 10, 1996

REAL LIVES: LIFE ON THE LINE;
OK, this is a church hall in Newcastle upon Tyne, which is not exactly Rosa's
Cantina in El Paso. But the unexpected sexiness of Texas-style dancing, wild and
dignified at the same time, is luring the British back out on the floor.
BeatrixCampbell takes her partner for The Sway and Roll Back The Rug

BYLINE: Beatrix Campbell

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN FEATURES PAGE; Pg. T12

LENGTH: 1374 words


IT'S taken three decades, but dancing is coming together again. Middle-aged
Mediterraneans swirling, OAPs foxtrotting, and northern Europeans of any age
holding on to each other and swinging . . . but not us; anyone in Britain who is
under 40 can't tango. However, after a generation of boppers breached the
decorous clinch of the waltz and the gymnasium Valeta there's a renaissance of
ballroom, tap, ceilidhs and now Texas line dancing.

You saw it in Seven Brides And Seven Brothers and then Thelma And Louise.
Straight people do it. Gay boys and girls do it.  What takes people to the Texas
line isn't necessarily a passion for country music, the sound of poor white
trash, nor even Americana, but dancing; dancing together, ensemble.

The dance of the nineties is the line dance.

I dragged my lover along a while back, to a dance in a church hall in Newcastle
upon Tyne. Honestly. She was seriously reluctant. But did it for me. And then
the music did it for her. Even if you don't love country, once you dare the
dancing is terrific. "It makes me feel energetic and sexy," she says.

The thing is, you have to learn how to do it. You can't just move and hope your
feet will fall into place. But practice makes for pleasure as well as
perfection.

While I was working away a class started up at the Powerhouse Club in the city.
I'd get faxes from my gal telling me about Malcolm and Brian and "The Sway" and
"Roll Back the Rug". By the time I got home the class had entered the routine of
everyday life, not to be missed. I went along and had a go and wanted to cry: it
was like being nine again and feeling "I can't do this". Not true. You can.

Malcolm is the teacher. He first saw Texas line dancing at James's nightclub
during Manchester's Mardi Gras: "I saw all these cowboys doing the line and I
got hooked." He taught himself, and also taught himself to teach it. Malcolm is
a florist and Brian organises office systems. They teach each other a couple of
nights a week and then teach the class.

With each new dance they slowly repeat the routine. Everybody practises the
steps, usually total concentration, although a couple of weeks ago a couple of
guys, grown men, started giggling. "I'm gonna split youse up," warns Malcolm.
They can't stop. He looks stern. We watch and wait while he makes them do the
routine - there's no humiliation here, these boys are very good at it. "OK Dolly
hinny," says Malcolm to the DJ and the lines are moving again, watching their
feet, listening to the music and watching out for beautiful boys on stage
calling, "Keep going, shuffle, shuffle, pivot, pivot, grapevine . . . "
Everybody does keep going and it works. "Youse have done fabulous," he says.

"The Sway" is waltz time and for first-timers it's the dance which makes you
fall for line dancing because there's a swaying bow in the middle of it that is
just . . . what? Beautiful. It's a great one to banish the impatience at having
to learn, because it's easy and it makes you feel wonderful. The "Sixteen Step",
too, has the corps pairing up and after half a dozen steps the right foot moves
backwards and the bodies bend. Lovely to do and lovely to see.

"Once you see somebody do it, they've picked it up, and you see the look on
their face, and you see everybody in the lines doing the same steps - that gives
you an adrenalin rush," says Brian. The class is remarkably heterogeneous. There
are bodies of all shapes and sizes, classes and professions - lawyers, health
and welfare workers, hairdressers and managers. A young woman brings her mam and
her nana, they're doing a grapevine during the "IC Shuffle", facing a wall of
safe sex posters full of pecs and public hair.

David and Ian have been together for 15 years. They came because they knew
Malcolm. "I can do ballroom dancing - but haven't for years," says Ian, a
hairdresser. "I didn't think I would, but I love it." "There's no cruising and
no show," says David, one of the most composed movers in the class. He
administers European fund applications.

Alan goes disco dancing and watched the lines for two weeks before doing it.
"I'm a nurse in a nursing home and I get somebody to cover my shift so that I
can come."

George is a civil servant who wanted to do it for quite a while: "It looked like
something I could actually cope with - I couldn't cope with ballroom, this is a
bit more masculine."

Maybe for men line dancing is freed up from cissy connotations - it's rugged and
raunchy at the same time.

Like my gal says, it makes you feel both "elegant and sexy. You can be whatever
you want - strong, energetic, and you can play at being a boy or a girl."
Searching for words, Pam, Denise, Tracy and Catherine speculate that it's
"sweaty . . .  aerobic . . . achey . . . great fun." Always we return to the
alchemy that makes it more than only one thing, "wild and restrained, dignified
and sexy".

For hardworking folks it fills the mind and the sessions always yield a sense of
skill and success: we'll go a great "Black Velvet" and give ourselves a round of
applause.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              600 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            February 10, 2017 Friday
                                National Edition

Hardcore Ram Power Wagon has got grunt; Off-Road Muscle

BYLINE: Lesley Wimbush, National Post

SECTION: POST DRIVING; Pg. DT3

LENGTH: 949  words

DATELINE: VALLEY OF FIRE, NEV.


We're only 80 kilometres northeast of Las Vegas, but the contrast is startling.
Deep in the Mojave Desert, the striated cliffs, twisted rock formations and vast
blue sky are the perfect antidote to the tawdry lights of the Vegas strip.

The canyons and great shifting sand dunes provide a terrific playground for
evaluating the rock-crawling prowess of the latest Ram Power Wagon. Its name is
derived from the iconic Dodge Power Wagon, introduced in 1946 as a weapons
carrier and the world's first 4x4 pickup truck. The badge was resurrected in
2005 for special hardcore off-road versions of the Ram.

While the important mechanical bits in the 2017 Power Wagon remain unchanged, it
returns with a tough new exterior. Where the previous model was festooned with
brightwork, the new design eschews chrome in favour of blackedout grille, a
powder-coated bumper resistant to chips, rugged wheel arches, and black mirror
caps with matching wheels.

The interior gets some exclusive Power Wagon badging, an optional black
headliner and tire tread-themed seat inserts. Splashy side graphics give way to
twotone paint with black or silver decals.

It certainly looks the part of dedicated rock-crawler. And underneath the macho
exterior is an arsenal of offroad equipment that leads Fiat Chrysler to claim
the Power Wagon is "the most capable truck in Canada." This includes complete
under-chassis armour, Bilstein mono-tube shocks, fivelink coil rear suspension,
electronic disconnecting sway bar, electric locking front and rear
differentials, 33-inch Goodyear off-road tires and a 12,000-pound Warn winch up
front.

The Power Wagon boasts 363 millimetres (14.3 inches) of clearance, 660 mm (26
inches) of wheel travel and 762 mm (30 inches) of water fording. Approach angle
is 34 degrees, departure 23.5 and break-over angle 25.5.

It's powered by the 6.4-litre Hemi V8 engine, with 410 horsepower and 429
poundfeet of torque. (Unfortunately there's no Cummins diesel option, because
there's no room behind the Warn winch for an intercooler.) The engine is mated
to a heavyduty six-speed automatic, and while the driveline lacks the prodigious
torque of the Cummins diesel, it's plenty powerful enough for even the most
gruelling climbs.

As any hardcore offroader knows, the secret to clambering over enormous
obstacles and inching up jagged cliffs lies in suspension articulation. Simply
put, it's the vehicle's ability to keep all four wheels in contact with the
ground, regardless of how rough the terrain. Many trail enthusiasts remove the
sway bar to get more flex, but the downside is a truck that wallows and rolls
when they leave the trail for everyday roads.

Getting to Fire Valley entailed nearly two hours of highway driving, over which
the Ram exhibited solid handling with very little roll. Potholes and washboard
pavement were nicely absorbed by the suspension damping, with little intrusion
into the cabin.

The secret to the Power Wagon's versatility lies in its "Ram Articulink" front
suspension, which uses highmovement joints between the control arm and axle
mount for more flexibility and up to 660 mm (26 inches) of vertical wheel
movement.

Instead of stopping at the trail head and grabbing the tool box, the Power Wagon
lets you disconnect the sway bar from inside the truck by simply pushing a
button. The class-exclusive, electronically disconnecting "smart bar" allows the
front axle to move independently of the frame, which lets the truck flex over
large obstacles while keeping rubber on the ground. In the rear, the Power Wagon
has the same multi-link coil rear suspension used by all Ram 2500 HD trucks. Its
advantages over traditional leaf springs include less unsprung mass, better
articulation and less shuddering over rough surfaces.

Most of the sandy roads required only 4WD. But when our way became strewn with
large boulders and deeply rutted tracks, we switched over to 4LO, which allowed
us to climb steep hills quite effortlessly. The truck's hilldescent control
system allowed us to set a steady speed downward without touching the throttle
or brake.

Fire Valley's name is derived from the deep red sandstone of its canyons, and
erosion has sculpted some unique rock formations which we had to circumnavigate
or clamber over. The beefy treads of the Goodyear Wrangler tires find purchase
on the smooth stone as we inch our way upward. Although there's the occasional
wince-inducing clang of metal hitting rock, the Power Wagon's underside is
generously protected by steel armour. It's a bit surreal seeing such a long,
heavy vehicle undulating and inching upward on such rugged terrain.

Fiat Chrysler says the new Power Wagon is the most capable off-road truck in
Canada, a claim that will have Ford F-150 Raptor owners throwing down the
gauntlet. While there's a lot of overlap, the Raptor is a high-speed desert
racer, able to launch itself off sand dunes, and the Power Wagon is a brawny
rock-crawler with a 685-kilogram (1,510-pound) payload and the ability to tow
4,550 kg (10,030 lbs.) of gear to the trail site.

Its 5,445-kg (12,000-lb.) electric winch comes in handy for extricating those
unfortunates who find themselves stuck or, as we found out, upside down. Using a
rock face to flip over a caged Toyota 4Runner, the Ram folks demonstrated how
quickly the Power Wagon was able to winch the 4Runner away from the wall and
back over onto its wheels.

In addition to the Class 5 receiver hitch, the Ram Power Wagon comes with an
optional cargo-view camera for monitoring payload, and a tailgate-mounted
rear-view camera.

The 2017 Ram Power Wagon is available in dealerships now, starting at $58,945.

Driving.Ca !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lesley Wimbush, Driving.Ca; The new 2018 Ram Power Wagon 2500 features
blacked-out grille, a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips and rugged wheel
arches.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2017 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     November 1, 1993, Monday, City Edition

Earnhardt boosts lead

BYLINE: DARRELL FRY

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 758 words

DATELINE: DONINGTON, England



For weeks during his NASCAR Winston Cup Series points battle with Rusty
Wallace, Dale Earnhardt has tried to avoid those crippling, back-of-the-pack
finishes. With one race remaining in the 30-race season, even one of those
finishes will ensure him of the series championship.

Earnhardt finished fourth Sunday in the Slick 50 500 race in Phoenix, three
places behind Mark Martin but well ahead of Wallace, who was 19th. That
increased Earnhardt's series points lead over Wallace from 72 points to 126
going into the season-ending Hooters 500 Nov. 14 at Atlanta Motor Speedway.

Earnhardt needs only to finish at least 34th in what is expected to be a  42-car
field at Atlanta to wrap up his sixth Winston Cup title.

The last time Earnhardt finished lower than 34th was in the July 1992 race  at
Talladega, when an engine failure relegated him to 40th.

"We feel pretty good about going to Atlanta now," said Earnhardt, who has  six
victories but none since July. "It's still not in the bag, but hopefully  we'll
be able to pull it out."

A sixth series crown for the 42-year-old Earnhardt would put him one behind
Richard Petty's record of seven championships - and earn him a $ 1.25-million
bonus. The series crown also would bring him full circle from last season -
when he struggled to only one win, one pole and 12th place in the standings.

After watching his lead over Wallace - thought to be insurmountable in  August -
shrink steadily the past several weeks, Earnhardt got some  much-needed
breathing room when a sway bar snapped on Wallace's Pontiac on Lap  191 of the
312-lap race, saddling Wallace with his first finish outside the  top five in
the past nine races.

The broken sway bar caused Wallace's right front tire to go flat, although  he
was able to pit for a new tire without losing much ground because he and  the
other leaders were scheduled to pit about that time anyway. He was running
seventh on Lap 228 when the gimpy sway bar caused him to slow suddenly,
dropping him off the pace. He got another break when the eighth caution flag
came out as his crew was preparing to bring him in to try to repair it.

Wallace was penalized for pitting with the leaders instead of waiting to  come
in with the cars that were a lap or more down. That put him at the rear  of the
field on the restart on Lap 247.

He ran hard the rest of the way and managed to pit three times under  yellow,
but was still two laps off the pace at the end.

"We gave it a good run and that's all we can do," Wallace said. "We sure  as
heck won't give up. We'll go to Atlanta and give it all we've got.  Something
could happen to (Earnhardt) on the first lap and I could win the  thing and
still get (the championship)."

Martin, who won $ 67,034, was the class of the field throughout the 312-mile
race, leading seven times for 254 laps, including the final 23, as he held off
a late challenge from Ernie Irvan to win for the fifth time this season.

"We had no idea how we were going to run," Martin said. "We burned a  piston
early in the last practice on Saturday and didn't get to run but a few  laps. We
took a guess on the setup based on the experience we've had this year  and (crew
chief) Steve Hmiel's notes.

"I'm not sure I could have done a better job if I'd of practiced for three
days."

Mansell injured in wreck

DONINGTON, England - It wasn't the homecoming Nigel Mansell imagined.

IndyCar champion Mansell spent the night in the hospital with a head injury  as
his triumphant return to Britain nearly turned to tragedy in a crash at
Donington Park racetrack, just 40 minutes from his home city. At one stage he
lost consciousness.

The first driver to win Formula One and IndyCar titles consecutively spun  into
the parapet of a bridge six laps from the end of the TOCA Touring Car  Shootout.

His Ford Mondeo, which was struck on the side by another car, came to a  halt
under a cloud of smoke on the grass.

Mansell, 40, was taken to the track medical center and Donington spokesman  Dave
Fern said  he was "conscious but disoriented" as he was cut from the  badly
damaged vehicle.

He briefly slumped into unconsciousness on the way to hospital, but X-rays
revealed he was in no danger. Mansell was in third place among 18 drivers when
the accident happened.

NASCAR points

Dale Earnhardt   4,387

Rusty Wallace    4,261

Mark Martin      4,047

Dale Jarrett     3,849

Morgan Shepherd  3,735

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; DALE EARNHARDT

                            Times Publishing Company


                              602 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           February 16, 1988, Tuesday

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: EP, Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 672 words


How the News Media

Sways Opinion

Regarding Stanford Erickson's article Dan Rather's Sharp Elbows (Opinion, Feb.
1), one more point might possibly be in order when discussing the freedom of the
press. Certainly hard questions need to be asked of key individuals in key
decision-making positions. Unfortunately, the questions not asked are often as
important, if not more so, than the questions asked.

It often appears to me that the news media attempts to sway public opinion by
omitting certain details, all the while leading the public to believe they are
reporting the whole story. The television networks' decision not to broadcast
President Reagan's address of Feb. 2 seems to be a good example of this.

My personal opinion is that the quickest way to become depressed is to watch the
evening news daily. By the way, in case you have not gathered, I, too, am no fan
of Mr. Rather!

Earl D. Ridolphi Hines, Ridolphi & Associates Inc. Birmingham, Ala.

Mass. Airline Plan

Is Discriminatory

This letter is in response to your editorial Boston's Airport Alternative (Jan.
13). It is very disheartening that The Journal of Commerce could be taken in by
the short-sighted rhetoric espoused by Massport. It is painfully evident from
the figures contained in the editorial that your facts came directly from the
PACE plan, without any analysis of the plan's detrimental effect on small
community air service throughout New England.

Over 40 cities in the area receive regional airline service, with 32 of these
communities depending on regional carriers for ALL of their airline service. A
simple historical analysis of New England air service illustrates the fact that
jet service is simply not economically viable for many markets. Your approval of
the Massport plan is tantamount to saying small communities have less right to
the national air transportation system simply because they do not have jet
service.

The proposal to raise commuter aircraft landing fees by almost 300 percent while
lowering jet fees by up to 40 percent is blatantly discriminatory toward small
communities. The mandated fare increases would be close to 20 percent - greatly
exceeding the $ 2 increases suggested by Massport and regurgitated in your
editorial. A reduction in air service would result from the increased fares,
causing the loss of almost 150,000 passengers annually. This reduction could
translate into an annual reduction in New England economic activity of $ 21
million to $ 60 million.

Your contention that commuter aircraft are not paying their fair share of
Logan's costs is just plain wrong. Closer analysis of Massport's cost allocation
shows creative number crunching at its best. If the port authority had been
consistent and had allocated annual airfield operating expenses in the same
proportion as their capital costs, the resulting landing fee would be $ 29 per
landing plus $ 1.01 per thousand pounds. This figure is remarkably similar to
the current fee, clearly indicating that regional airlines are not subsidized by
jet carriers. Massport's analysis, and your quotes, totally disregard the
tremendous difference in facilities needed to operate large airliners as
compared with commuter planes.

The editorial also suggests that no one has offered any alternative solutions to
Massport. The fact of the matter is that Massport has totally disregarded the 25
capacity-increasing proposals suggested by an FAA-sponsored task force in
November 1987. These proposals did not even include the proposed runway 14/32,
an issue Massport refuses to even discuss. Massport should surely explore less
drastic solutions before going forth with a plan that has the potential to
substantially reduce or eliminate small community air service throughout New
England.

The port authority has a public responsibility to improve Logan to meet growing
demand rather than attempting to limit air commerce.

Deborah C. Ladomirak Vice President Director of Public Affairs Regional Airline
Association Washington

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

                  Copyright 1988 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              603 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                   September 18, 2003 Thursday FINAL EDITION

Green-minded group seeks to boost Dems in '04 Environmental focus pushed in key
states

BYLINE: Mike Soraghan Denver Post Washington bureau

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-21

LENGTH: 718 words


WASHINGTON - A band of former Clinton administration officials and
environmental lobbyists is trying to exploit the Democrats'  long-standing edge
on environmental issues to help reclaim the  White House in 2004.


The group, Environment2004, hopes to identify, target and mobilize  a niche of
environmental voters in a handful of key states to tip  the electoral balance
against President Bush in the 2004 election.


Group leaders want to harness outrage about Bush's stances on  issues such as
logging, global warming and drilling in Alaska and  the Rocky Mountains to give
a crucial edge to the eventual  Democratic nominee. The plan is to discredit
what they call Bush's  'greenwashing,' his position that his pro-development
policies  are also nature-friendly.


'The record of this administration is so outrageous, it energizes  people who
have not in the past been energized,' said Frank Loy, a  former Clinton
administration State Department official who chairs  Environment2004. 'It's not
an issue that will sway tens of  millions. It will sway millions. In a few
states, a swing of 50,000  is a big swing.'


Bush aides say they don't see environmental issues as a  vulnerability, saying
attacks on the president's policies have come  from 'permanent partisans' who
are more concerned about politics  than nature.


'The world needs another partisan special interest group  distorting the
president's accomplishment about as badly as network  TV needs another reality
show,' said Mark Pfeifle, spokesman for  the Interior Department.


Loy is joined on the Environment2004 board by former Clinton  Interior Secretary
Bruce Babbitt, Clinton EPA Director Carol  Browner and California Secretary for
Resources Mary Nichols. The  group is planning an official announcement Oct. 15.


Also on the 17-member board is Deana Perlmutter, a Denver lobbyist  and senior
vice president of the Dutko Group whose husband is  former state Sen. Ed
Perlmutter, D-Golden.


The group's 'boutique' strategy is to tip the balance in as few  as five states,
Loy said. They have yet to be determined, but the  only Western state under
consideration is New Mexico.


Leaders of the group want to raise millions of dollars for the  general
election, using an exemption in federal law that allows  them to accept
contributions of any size. The group's short-term  goal has been to raise $
500,000 by mid-October in order to get an  office opened in Washington.


They plan to coordinate with whoever becomes the Democratic  presidential
nominee. That could mean helping the presumptive  nominee between the primaries
and the official nomination, when  federal dollars become available.


That's something that most environmental groups, which are legally  nonpartisan,
nonprofit organizations, can't do, even if Republicans  view most of them as an
arm of the Democratic Party.


Democratic contenders said they were not familiar with the group  but supported
the effort.


'It's a group that has an easy case to make,' said Eric  Schmeltzer, spokesman
for the Howard Dean campaign. 'Any group  that can get out there and expose
Republican environmental policy  for what it is would be a positive thing.'


Democratic pollster Mark Mellman said that using the environment as  an issue
can help win back voters who supported Green Party  candidate Ralph Nader
because they saw no difference between  Democrats and Republicans. It can also
appeal to independents who  care about the environment, he said.


Mellman said Bush's vulnerability on the environment can be seen in  the
president's decision to travel around the country in August to  'green up' his
image.


Republican pollster Frank Luntz, who's advised Republicans on how  to keep their
message nature-friendly, says Democrats' strident  approach is doomed. 'The
public is looking for a common-sense  approach to the environment,' Luntz said.
'They may see  Republicans as too pro-business, but they see Democrats as too
political.'


Former Colorado Democratic Party chairman Tim Knaus questioned the  wisdom of
pushing the environment as an issue, saying, "It's a  nice thought, but I'm not
really sure it does move voters."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              April 7, 2006 Friday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

"Real ethics reform' fundraising bill advances in Senate

BYLINE: STEVE BOUSQUET

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 421 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


The Senate on Thursday advanced a bill that clamps down on fundraising by
politicians and requires more disclosure by groups that use ads to sway voters.

Senate President Tom Lee, R-Valrico, is the driving force behind the bill, which
includes changes pushed by both parties. After a unanimous vote in the Senate
Ethics & Elections Committee, senators said the bill is more far-reaching than
the recent ban on free meals, drinks and gifts from lobbyists.

"This is real ethics reform," said Sen. Nan Rich, D-Weston. "We're hitting a
much larger target than we hit when we passed the gift ban."

The bill would prohibit the governor, Cabinet members, lawmakers and candidates
for those offices from "directly or indirectly" soliciting large, unregulated
donations from special interests and funneling the money to committees they
control.

The committees allow politicians to bypass the $500 limit on campaign
contributions and create lavish slush funds to pay for travel, meals and other
expenses.

Some lawmakers have accepted up to $50,000 from those with a stake in pending
legislation.

The bill (SB 716) also bars officeholders and candidates from soliciting funds
to charities known as 501(c)4 organizations.

Gov. Jeb Bush also would be affected by the bill, because he has solicited large
contributions to a nonprofit group, the Foundation for Florida's Future, which
he created to promote his education agenda. The bill would bar officials from
soliciting money for such groups. Bush promised that any priority of Lee's would
get serious consideration.

"Heck, I'm going to keep an open mind," Bush said. "Anything that's attached to
the leadership of the House or Senate is going to get my attention. I can
promise you that."

The proposal also imposes stricter reporting deadlines on groups known as
electioneering communication organizations, which run ads or mail campaigns that
seek to sway voters without directly advocating the election or defeat of a
candidate.

Those groups would have to reveal names of contributors much sooner and more
often than now and would be required to have a real street address, not a mail
drop or post office box.

The 2004 election cycle featured a wide variety of such groups, flooding voters'
mailboxes with direct-mail pitches whose authors were mysterious.

Working under names such as "People for Fairness and Equality" and "People for a
Better Florida," the groups were funded by sugar growers and home builders,
among others.

Steve Bousquet can be reached at bousquet@sptimes.com or (850) 224-7263.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                            October 21, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Keeper of the future; Cambridge's Maxwell considered hot property by OHL clubs

BYLINE: Jeff Hicks, RECORD STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 452  words


Look past Parker Van Buskirk and Josh Unice.

Neither goalie is likely to be in a Kitchener Rangers jersey next season.

The Bus will be too old. Unice aims to go pro.

Fifteen-year-old rookie Mike Morrison won't be ready to be a No. 1 man.

So who might the Rangers turn to in net next season?

Consider the possibility of Cambridge's Brandon Maxwell.

The 17-year-old Florida-born puckstop is currently starring for the United
States under-18 squad, which is based in Ann Arbor, Mich.

He trains with ex-Ranger Scott Dickie and has close ties to Rangers staff.

"He's a world-class goaltender," Rangers coach and general manager Steve Spott
said of Maxwell.

Ah, but there's a catch or three.

Maxwell's dad Brad is a Guelph Storm assistant coach.

Maxwell verbally committed to attend Boston College on a hockey scholarship.

Maxwell's Ontario Hockey League rights are owned by the Erie Otters.

Otters general manager Sherry Bassin won't hand over the rights to his no-show
goalie for nothing.

"The only way he plays in the league is with us or against us -- if I get fair
equity," Bassin said yesterday. "This guy is not only a top prospect, he's got
phenomenal experience. He's been to two world tournaments. He's a key player."

Spott and Bassin have talked about Maxwell.

Both said the discussions were very general with no specifics.

Several teams have interest. A possible trade to Oshawa was nixed by Maxwell's
family in the off-season. Oshawa has been a graveyard for OHL goalies in recent
seasons.

Guelph will lose ace Thomas McCollum, a signed Detroit pick, after this season
as well and could be in the market.

Bassin compares starting goaltending to starting pitching in baseball. It's
invaluable.

"If there ever was going to be a trade for Brandon Maxwell, you'd have to give
up another starting pitcher, I guess you could say," Spott said.

Spott will travel to Lake Placid Nov. 4 to scout Rangers draft picks Jeremy
Morin and Jerry D'Amigo, plus European players, at an under-18 Four Nations
tourney with Switzerland, Sweden and Finland. He can also watch Maxwell.

Morin leads the U.S. squad with nine goals in nine games this season.

Landing Morin could help sway Maxwell to jilt Boston College.

Landing Maxwell could help sway Morin or D'Amigo to come north rather than go to
a U.S college. D'Amigo is committed to RPI.

But, as far as Maxwell is concerned, you've got to first pry his OHL rights away
from Bassin and the Otters. They won't come cheap.

Bassin doesn't care that Maxwell has committed to Boston College.

"I'm not threatened if he goes to Boston College or the University of
Leningrad," Bassin said. "If he'd like to go to B.C., he should go. He won't
play against us unless we get something significant."

jhicks@therecord.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Tom sorensen, USA Hockey , Cambridge's Brandon Maxwell is
currently playing for the U.S. under-18 team. He's considered a top prospect for
the Ontario Hockey League. His rights are owned the league's Erie Otters.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Waterloo Chronicle

                              April 4, 2010 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Magnitude 6.9 quake in Mexico felt in Southern California, Arizona

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 517  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


LOS ANGELES, CALIF. - A strong earthquake south of the U.S.-Mexico border Sunday
swayed high-rises in downtown Los Angeles and San Diego and was felt across
Southern California and Arizona, but there were no immediate reports of major
damage.

The 6.9-magnitude quake struck at 3:40 p.m. EDT in Baja California in Mexico,
about 19 miles southeast of Mexicali, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
The area had been hit by magnitude-3.0 quakes all week.

The quake was felt as far north as Santa Barbara, USGS seismologist Susan Potter
said.

Strong shaking was reported in the Coachella Valley and Riverside, California.
The earthquake rattled buildings on the west side of Los Angeles and in the San
Fernando Valley, interrupting Easter dinners. Chandeliers swayed and wine
jiggled in glasses.

In Los Angeles, the city fire department went on "earthquake status," and some
stalled elevators were reported. No damage was reported in Los Angeles or San
Diego.

One woman called firefighters and said she was stuck in an elevator descending
from the 34th floor in a building in Century City, but there was no way to
immediately know if the breakdown was tied the quake, Los Angeles firefighter
Eric Scott said.

The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power said there were no power outages
anywhere in the city, spokeswoman Maryanne Pierson said.

The quake was felt for about 40 seconds in Tijuana, Mexico, causing buildings to
sway and knocking out power in parts of the city. Families celebrating Easter
ran out of their homes, with children screaming and crying.

Baja California state Civil Protection Director Alfredo Escobedo said there were
no immediate reports of injuries or major damage. But he said the assessment was
ongoing.

In the Phoenix area, Jacqueline Land said the king-sized bed in her second-floor
apartment felt like a boat gently swaying on the ocean.

"I thought to myself, 'That can't be an earthquake. I'm in Arizona,'" the
Northern California native said. "And I thought, 'Oh my God, I feel like I'm 9
years old.'"

A police dispatcher in Yuma, Arizona, said the quake was very strong there, but
no damage was reported. The Sheriff's Office got a few calls, mostly from alarm
companies because of alarms going off.

Mike Wong, who works at a journalism school in downtown Phoenix, said he was in
his second-floor office getting some work done Sunday afternoon when he heard
sounds and felt the building start to sway.

"I heard some cracking sounds, like Rice Krispies," coming from the building, he
said. "I didn't think much of it, but I kept hearing it, and then I started
feeling a shake. I thought, 'You know what? I think that might be an
earthquake."

Wong said the swaying lasted for "just a few seconds," and he didn't notice any
damage.

An earthquake also hit in Northern California on Sunday afternoon. The U.S.
Geological Survey said a quake with a preliminary magnitude of 4.0 was recorded
at 3:49 p.m. EDT about 25 miles north of Santa Rosa.

A dispatcher with the Sonoma County Sheriff's Department said the agency had not
received any calls for service after the quake.

The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                           September 22, 2008 Monday

Zionist circles linked to Islam-bashing DVDs targeting voters in key US states

BYLINE: Daily Star Staff

LENGTH: 1294 words


Millions of voters in US states crucial to this fall's presidential election
received DVD copies of a controversial documentary film as advertising inserts
in their morning newspapers last week, with more sent out over the weekend.

WASHINGTON: Millions of voters in US states crucial to this fall's presidential
election received DVD copies of a controversial documentary film as advertising
inserts in their morning newspapers last week, with more sent out over the
weekend.

The 2006 film, "Obsession: Radical Islam's War Against the West," which has been
accused by critics of encouraging Islamophobia, was reportedly delivered, or
slated for delivery this weekend, into tens of millions of households in states
such as Ohio, Michigan, Florida, Colorado, North Carolina, Pennsylvania,
Missouri and other "swing states" that don't vote consistently for either party
and usually decide elections.

Republicans and their candidate, Senator John McCain, have made battling the
threat posed by radical Islamists a central platform of their campaign, while
presenting their Democratic rival, Senator Barack Obama, as being weak on the
issue. Obama has also fought off persistent smear campaigns, particularly aimed
at Jewish voters, that he is a "closet Muslim."

Gregory Ross, the spokesman for the Clarion group, which produced and is
distributing the DVD, told the Harrisburg Patriot-News that the movie was being
delivered to 28 million homes throughout the month of September and that the
intention was not to sway voters to either candidate.

The Clarion Fund is a shadowy nonprofit group created to "educate Americans
about issues of national security," according to its Web site. The staff and
organizational information of the group is not listed on the Web site.

Clarion Fund was founded by the writer and executive produce of "Obsession,"
Israeli-Canadian Raphael Shore. The group also runs the Web site
Radicalislam.org - an educational site which implores its readers to "take
action against radical Islam" by exploring its resources under four headings:
"fueling terror," "Sharia law," "vote 2008," and "radical Islam overview."
Because of Clarion Fund's nonprofit, tax-exempt status, it is not permitted to
sway voters in a partisan manner. But Radicalislam.org reportedly was, until it
was recently pointed out in the media, carrying an article that explicitly
endorsed McCain.

IPS telephoned the Clarion Fund and its reported contact and counsel, Eli D.
Greenberg of the New York law firm Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman and Herz.The
telephone calls were not returned.

The documentary, despite an initial disclaimer that the material covered applies
only to radical Islamists and not all Muslims, has drawn fire from critics for
conflating mainstream Islam with violent and militant tendencies of a smaller
subset of the religion. Critics argue that it makes little distinction between
the religion of Islam and the political realities that inform terrorism.

Among the film's stable of experts are "reformed" Palestine Liberation
Organization resistance fighter and convert to evangelical Christianity Walid
Shoebat, Muslim-baiter and self-described "terrorism expert" Stephen Emerson,
and another evangelical convert from Islam named Noni Darwish who runs a Web
site called Arabs for Israel.

An investigation by IPS last year revealed that the production and promotion of
"Obsession" was tied to several right-wing Zionist groups in the US and Israel.
Raphael Shore's brother, Rabbi Ephraim Shore, heads up the Israeli group Aish
Hatorah, which helped form HonestReporting, an organization which, the IPS
investigation revealed, had ties to the film despite the apparent denials of the
relationship.

Several of the newspapers that ran the advertising insert were contacted for
interviews by IPS, and those which responded all gave similar responses that,
though the material may or may not agree with the editorial positions of the
papers, the DVDs met the standards for advertising. The newspapers said they did
not want to participate in censorship.

Asked how advertisements are screened for inclusion with the paper, the
publisher of North Carolina's News and Observer, Orage Quarels III, told IPS,
"Is it slanderous? Is it biased? We look at each one individually."

"We take all advertising on good faith," Jim McClure, the vice president of
advertising for the News and Observer, which sent out about 250,00 copies, told
IPS when asked if the paper considered the intent of advertisers when
considering their submissions. "This product came from the Clarion Fund, it was
clearly identified, there was a Web site, an address and a phone number on the
package, and it came to us through an advertising agency."

"We're getting many concerned calls and emails from Muslims around the country
who see this as an attempt to not only marginalize and demonize the American
Muslim community, but also to sway the election by targeting swing states,"
Ibrahim Hooper, a spokesman for the Council on American-Islamic Relations, told
IPS. "People are outraged. I haven't seen this kind of outrage in a long time.
It's coming to their homes, it's coming to their neighbors and they believe its
going to impact their lives and their children's lives negatively."

Hooper also said there had apparently already been an incident of bias against a
bus driver for children attending an Islamic school in Ohio. The biased comments
were likely inspired by the film.

The New York Times distributed about 145,000 copies of the DVD in national
editions of the paper in 11 markets, including Denver, Colorado; Miami, Tampa,
and Orlando in Florida; Detroit, Michigan; Kansas City and St. Louis in
Missouri; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; and Milwaukee, Wisconsin, according to
Times spokesperson Diane McNulty.

McNulty classified the ad as opinion advertising.

"It went through our advertising acceptability office, and they looked at it,"
she told IPS.

McNulty was unsure, however, if that office had viewed the DVD before accepting
it. A message left for Steph Jesperson of the Times' advertising acceptability
office went unanswered.

McClure told IPS that they have gotten overwhelmingly negative responses for
readers and will be running objections as letters to the editor in upcoming
editions of the paper.

But at least one newspaper, North Carolina's News and Record, declined to carry
the DVD.

"We did not distribute it. I was not involved in the decision; it was an
advertising call, in keeping with advertising policies," wrote John Robinson,
the editor of the News and Record on his blog. "I asked our publisher about it.
He said it was divisive and plays on people's fears and served no educational
purpose. The revenue it would have brought in was not a motivator."

Indeed, the print newspaper industry has seen a precipitous decline in revenue,
and many critics contend that it's a tough decision for newspapers in economic
straits to turn down advertising dollars. In press reports, many newspapers
declined to give the advertising rate for their distribution of the DVD, and a
few commented that the Clarion group paid the standard advertising rates.

But exactly who paid those standard rates is still in question.

The $500,000 needed to produce the movie was reportedly borrowed by Shore and
Clarion, so it is unclear that they had the money to make the recent mass
distribution effort, which likely was a multi-million-dollar enterprise.

"I can't imagine that you can produce, package, distribute and advertise this
product for less than $50 million," Hooper said.

He also insisted that the substantial financial push may have been intended to
sway the election. "Why," he asked, "did they choose to distribute this hate
propaganda to millions of homes in swing states in this election?" - IPS

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2008 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 13, 2011 Friday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

SPECIAL INTEREST MONEY POURS IN

BYLINE: MARC CAPUTO

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 823 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: It accounts for the bulk of Haridopolos' campaign funds raised during
the session.


Whether it's trial lawyers vs. the business community or workers' comp doctors
weighing in on pill mills, some of the biggest battles of the lawmaking session
left their mark - and money - on the U.S. Senate campaign of Florida Senate
President Mike Haridopolos.

An analysis of the $2.5 million Haridopolos raised in the first quarter of 2011
shows how the Republican received his biggest chunks of money from the special
interests who wanted something out of the 60-day legislative session.

The city with the most generous Haridopolos donors: Tallahassee, the state
capital, where lawyers, consultants, lobbyists and business people contributed
$194,335.

Haridopolos said earlier in session that contributions wouldn't sway him.
"They're buying into my agenda," the Republican said in March. "I'm not buying
into theirs."

Haridopolos' spokesman, Tim Baker, pointed out that Democratic U.S. Sen. Bill
Nelson has long been a recipient of a who's who of special interests in the U.S.
Capitol. Nelson raised almost $1.6 million in the first three months of the
year.

Legislators are banned from raising money during session because of the
appearance of trading favors for contributions. The exception to the session
fundraising ban: lawmakers running for federal office.

Haridopolos said the session was a success because lawmakers cut spending and
reduced taxes. Long a proponent of limiting lawsuits, Haridopolos presided over
a Senate that passed the most tort-reform measures since 2003.

Trial lawyers, playing defense, poured money into Haridopolos' campaign. Morgan
& Morgan employees and their relatives contributed the most - almost $77,000.

Because the Senate watered down some lawsuit limits, some privately grumbled
that the Morgan & Morgan money made a difference.

But William Large, who heads the Florida Justice Reform Institute, said that's
not the case because "Haridopolos did the best he could do with the Senate he
had."

"There are a lot of people who see a leader, such as Senate president, who can
control the agenda and they make campaign contributions in the hope of
controlling that agenda," Large said, "But at the end of the day, it didn't make
much of the difference."

Large said the Legislature got a "B plus" for making it tougher for trial
lawyers to sue businesses. The Florida Medical Association, though, said the
session was an "A" for the medical-malpractice limitations that ultimately
cleared the House and Senate.

Two bills that passed shielded teaching hospitals run by Shands HealthCare
system and the University of Miami from lawsuits. Doctors and a few employees of
UM, which has sought sovereign-immunity protection for about a decade,
contributed about $16,350 to Haridopolos, though Shands officials didn't appear
to contribute.

Employees of one influential health care company, Miramar-based Automated
Healthcare Solutions, accounted for $55,200, the second-highest amount of
contributions to Haridopolos.

With Haridopolos' backing, the firm was active in pushing a bill tightening
reporting requirements for a prescription-drug monitoring database. The firm,
along with Haridopolos, also unsuccessfully fought a provision restricting many
doctors from dispensing painkillers in their offices. Automated Healthcare
Solutions makes software used primarily by workers' comp doctors who dispense
drugs in-house.

In a sign of how important health care is in a state that will spend $29 billion
in its health and human services budget, doctors, health insurers, clinics and
chiropractors contributed the most of any industry to Haridopolos: about
$432,000. Those in real estate, development and building contributed the
second-highest amount - about $402,000 - followed by lawyers ($381,000), and
lobbyists and consultants ($268,000).

Of the lobbying firms that contributed the most to Haridopolos, Pennington Moore
& Dunbar was first, with $31,550, followed by Ron Book P.A. ($21,900) and Smith
& Ballard ($19,600) - the 10th largest contributor who lobbied for four of the
top 10 Haridopolos donors.

Not every contributor wanted something out of Haridopolos during session. Former
Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee and his wife contributed $4,800 last quarter to
Haridopolos, who supported Huckabee in his 2008 presidential bid. Huckabee
formally endorsed Haridopolos on Thursday.

Haridopolos also was able to vote against and appease one industry
simultaneously: the agricultural lobby, which ponied up $81,800 and successfully
fought a provision of an immigration bill that required employers to use the
E-Verify federal system to check whether a worker had the proper documentation
for employment. The measure failed in the Senate, but Haridopolos voted for it.

He faulted the House for not taking up the immigration bill that did pass the
Senate.

"Sometimes I win, and sometimes I don't," he said, "But I'm someone who's never
afraid to take on a tough fight."

Times political editor Adam C. Smith contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Sen. Mike Haridopolos said earlier in the session campaign
contributions wouldn't sway him. PHOTO: Mike Haridopolos raised $2.5 million in
the first quarter. (Ran Tampa edition)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            January 16, 2006 Monday

Trader Joe's vote set to go;
Safeway supporters failed to sway majority of decision-makers; Mayor Dan Albert
was lone dissenter

BYLINE: JULIA REYNOLDS, Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: Z_NEWS

LENGTH: 390 words


Monterey's City Council is scheduled to cast a vote Tuesday that could finally
say hello to Trader Joe's and farewell to the 50-year-old downtown Safeway
store.

Until last week, when the city staff wrapped up negotiations for a deal to let
Trader Joe's lease the Safeway building on Munras Avenue, Safeway
representatives had hoped the store's many supporters might still sway
decision-makers.

The City Council will vote at Tuesday's regular meeting whether to approve the
terms of the lease, as recommended by the city staff.

In December, the council voted 3-1 to negotiate exclusively with Sacramento
developer Foothill Partners, which is proposing to build a Trader Joe's grocery
store and up to seven retail shops on the site.

Mayor Dan Albert, a steadfast Safeway supporter, cast the lone dissenting vote.

City staff members have complained that Safeway has not taken care of the
property and was not offering favorable lease terms, a claim the grocery chain's
representatives dispute. Some council members agreed that long delays in
Safeway's promised renovations and repairs to the aging grocery store were
enough to call off negotiations.

Still, Safeway representatives kept on meeting with city officials, hoping to
reopen negotiations. For months, fliers were distributed at the store to rally
support from loyal customers, many of them elderly.

Last year, scores of customers and employees showed up to speak in support of
the store at council meetings.

But on Sunday afternoon, no one could be seen handing out fliers or petitions at
the store.

In September, Doug Wiele, owner of Foothill Partners, said he held a signed
letter of intent from Trader Joe's, and that three investment groups were
interested in the project.

Wiele has been involved with developments in Hawaii, Nevada and California, and
for seven years was a partner in real estate projects with Rep. Pete Stark,
D-Alameda.

Wiele said then that the Monterey Trader Joe's store would employ from 75 to 100
people.

Trader Joe's only Monterey County store is in Pacific Grove, and Trader Joe's
representatives have said that store will remain open.

Safeway's lease expires in April.

With extensive renovations proposed, it is expected that Foothill would pay a
reduced rent until building plans are approved.

Julia Reynolds can be reached at 648-1187 or jreynolds@montereyherald.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            April 27, 2005 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Rice takes softer line on UN nomination

BYLINE: MICHAEL GAWENDA, WASHINGTON

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 255 words


US SECRETARY of State Condoleezza Rice has said that the Bush Administration has
been "responsive" to the concerns of some senators about John Bolton, President
George Bush's increasingly embattled choice as the next US ambassador to the
United Nations.

Dr Rice adopted a conciliatory tone after the White House in recent days
described the allegations against Mr Bolton, that he was a bully and a "serial
abuser" of junior staff, as trumped up. She said she understood the
"deliberative processes" of the Senate.

"We've tried to be as responsive as possible to all the questions that have been
asked," she said. "But I would really hope now that people will move forward on
John Bolton's nomination."

Dr Rice's conciliatory tone is unlikely to sway Democrats on the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee who are determined to uncover as much evidence of Mr
Bolton's inappropriate behaviour as they possibly can before they reconvene in a
fortnight.

Nor is she likely to sway the four out of 10 Republicans on the committee who
have expressed doubts about Mr Bolton, who say there are questions about him
that have to be answered before they could vote for him to take the UN post.

Yet another former ambassador has emailed Democrats on the committee to say Mr
Bolton "has none of the qualities needed for that job". Frederick Vreeland, a
former US ambassador to Morocco who worked with Mr Bolton in the early 1990s,
said Mr Bolton "spoke of the UN as being the enemy". "It is totally erroneous to
speak of Bolton as a diplomat," he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pine Journal (Cloquet, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 30, 2015 Wednesday

Remembering Armand: In memory of former student, teachers raise money for
inclusive playground swing

BYLINE: Jana Peterson, The Pine Journal, Cloquet, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 633 words


Dec. 30--Wouldn't it be nice if children in wheelchairs and their peers who are
not in wheelchairs could actually play together on a playground, without needing
an adult assisting to negotiate every moment?

A pair of retired teachers would like to make that happen at Churchill
Elementary School -- all they need is about $20,000.

Cathy Schroeder, who was an adaptive phy ed teacher at Churchill, explained that
when she and fellow retiree Debbie Roach started thinking about finding a swing
for children with physical handicaps, they fell in love with the Sway Fun swing
after investigating an inclusive playground in Woodbury, Minn. People in
wheelchairs can roll right onto the Sway Fun and there are handgrips to help
them stay in place. Up to 10 of their able-bodied peers can climb on the Sway
Fun with them.

"You can rock the swing back and forth while you're on it or from outside the
swing," said Roach, a former special ed teacher. "It would be the only piece of
equipment in our area that is wheelchair accessible without transferring."

Transferring students who are physically handicapped comes with challenges.
First, it generally requires an adult who is trained to do it. Second, Minnesota
winters mean people are wearing slippery jackets and mittens and sometimes
accidents happen.

"With this kids and go without an adult," Schroeder said. These kids tend to be
so adult dependent as it is. This allows them to get away from that."

The two teachers launched their fundraising efforts in memory of one of their
favorite former students, Armand Garza. Both women worked with Garza at
Churchill, when he was younger. Garza died last summer, at the age of 15. He
suffered from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, a genetic disorder characterized by
progressive muscle degeneration and weakness.

"Armand was very active, a very bubbly boy, who loved music and dance," Roach
said, smiling a slightly sad smile at the memories.

"He loved to be outside on the playground," Schroeder added. "He was just a
bright light for everyone who worked with him or came into contact with him."

Garza now has two younger cousins at Churchill, both with the same genetic
disease that afflicted him, as well as his two uncles, who also had Duchenne
Muscular Dystrophy.

Roach relates what she calls "an Armand story, explaining that Armand was in
really pretty bad physical shape last year.

"He really was at the end of his life. He'd gone through a major surgery the
year before. He wasn't able to even move his arms anymore," Roach said. "But his
buddies at the senior high, a couple of the jocks, became his good friends.
They'd pick him up every day from his class and take him down and shoot hoops
and talk smack with him. He had such a great sense of humor. And he liked the
girls."

"Great personality," Schroeder interjects, "a special, special kid."

The pair of teachers have some funds already, money donated when Garza died, as
well as $500 from the Cloquet River Run. They're also applying for grants to
help defray costs.

In total, Roach and Schroeder estimated there were three or four students at
Churchill now in wheelchairs. Plus, the playground equipment can be used by
anyone, whether a person attends Churchill or not. They are hoping to raise the
money fast enough to be able to install the Sway Fun this spring, with help from
the city of Cloquet.

Schroeder explained that the pair went to Virginia, Minn. to actually test a
Sway Swing there. She called it "the real deal."

"This is all new, the idea to have kids playing together," Roach said.
"Playgrounds haven't been designed that way.

Anyone who would like to know more can contact Roach at 218-721-3948.

___ (c)2015 The Pine Journal (Cloquet, Minn.) Visit The Pine Journal (Cloquet,
Minn.) at www.pinejournal.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151230-CQ-Remembering-Armand-In-memory-of-former-student-teachers-raise-money-
for-inclusive-playground-swing-1230-20151230

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CQ


                        Copyright 2015 The Pine Journal


                              612 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

Can Republicans fix Congress? It could be up to these Democrats.;
Republicans took back the Senate, but still need Democrats to pass legislation.
A handful of centrist Democrats could hold enormous sway on key votes in this
Congress.

BYLINE: Francine Kiefer Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 898 words


Democrats may now be in the minority in the Senate, but a clutch of their
centrists will hold particular sway as bridge-builders - and powerbrokers.

In order to get anything done, the Republican majority of 54 still needs six
Democrats - more if some GOP members peel off - to clear procedural hurdles and
bring legislation to a vote.

And Republicans will be under substantial pressure to get things done in the
next two years. To give themselves the best chance to hold the Senate and win
the White House, Republicans will have to show that they can govern effectively,
the thinking goes. And to do that, they will need at least a handful of
Democrats in the Senate.

"Democratic senators from purple and red states will play a decisive role" in
consensus-building, writes former Sen. Olympia Snowe, a key Republican
bridge-builder herself during her years in Congress, in an e-mail.

In interviews, potential aisle-crossing Democrats expressed willingness to work
with the new Republican majority, led by Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky. But
don't expect them to be pushovers. They have their own issues and interests to
watch out for. They also can't be considered as a voting bloc, because their
votes will depend on the issue.

Still, several say they want to help break the gridlock that has come to
characterize Congress.

"If there was one message I heard from a much closer election than I or others
anticipated, it was that people want us to get stuff done," said Sen. Mark
Warner (D) of Virginia, in the waning days of the 113th Congress - the second
least-productive Congress in modern history.

Senator Warner is on the Republicans' "go-to" list of Democrats, along with
Sens. Tim Kaine (also of Virginia), Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Heidi Heitkamp
of North Dakota, and Joe Donnelly of Indiana. Independent Sen. Angus King of
Maine, who caucuses with the Democrats, is also a top prospect for Republicans.

The dealmaking is moving quickly.

On Wednesday, Senator Donnelly joined Sen. Susan Collins (R) of Maine to unveil
proposed changes to the Affordable Care Act. The legislation would change the
ACA definition of full-time employment from 30 hours per week to 40 in order to
prevent companies from reducing employees' hours to avoid the employer mandate.
The House is expected to pass a similar measure this week.

On Thursday, the Senate energy committee is expected to hold a hearing on
legislation to approve the Keystone pipeline - the Senate's first order of
business. The legislation includes six Democratic cosponsors. Again, the House
is expected to pass Keystone this week.

In both cases, however, it's unlikely that Senate Republicans can muster enough
Democratic support to overcome a promised presidential veto - 67 votes would be
needed.

Going forward, other red-state Democratic senators could come into play, such as
Claire McCaskill of Missouri and Jon Tester of Montana. But Senator Tester may
be a tougher "get" for the GOP.  Like Senator McCaskill, he is a Keystone
cosponsor and has bucked his party before. But he is also the new chairman of
the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee charged with putting more Democrats
in the Senate in 2016.

When asked whether he sees a group of Democrats as potential bridge-builders,
Tester answers without hesitation, "I do." He adds: "I'm looking for ways to
make things work better, to improve stuff, whether it's Dodd-Frank [financial
regulation] or the Affordable Care Act."

But, he cautions, "those bills are in place for a reason, and as long as we're
improving them - and not destroying them - there's a lot of common ground that
we can move forward on."

McCaskill says that whether Democrats join with Senator McConnell will depend
largely on Senator McConnell: "If he tries to push a bill that is 90 percent
moderate and progress on a problem, but then he puts 10 percent of it in there
that is a deal-breaker, so to speak, I don't think any of us are interested in
being manipulated."

Meanwhile, these Democrats would like McConnell to help them, too.

For Warner, it's finding alternatives to the across-the-board mandatory spending
cuts known as "sequestration," which is battering defense contractors in
northern Virginia, as well as ways to increase spending on infrastructure. For
McCaskill, it's passing a bill addressing sexual assault on college campuses
that has bipartisan support. For Tester, it's forest management legislation.

The need for Republicans to shed their "party of no" label could give these
Democrats a powerful bargaining chip.

Indeed, Election 2016 is shaping up to be a daunting one for Republicans. For
one, they have 24 senators up for reelection, while Democrats have only 10.
That's more than twice as many seats to defend. Moreover, seven of those seats
are in states that President Obama won twice.

In addition, 2016 is a presidential election year, which usually brings out a
more diverse - and Democratic-leaning - electorate. That means Republicans will
need to do better among more-moderate voters both to retake the White House and
to keep control of the Senate.

Just as moderate Republicans influenced legislation when Democrats controlled
the Senate, so, too, will moderate Democrats "extract a price" for dealmaking in
the GOP-controlled Senate, says Robert Browning of Purdue University in Indiana.

"The math is inescapable," says McCaskill. McConnell "has 54 votes and he needs
60."

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                             June 2, 2007 Saturday

Poll: Public opinion on prisons sways

BYLINE: By Steve Geissinger, MEDIANEWS SACRAMENTO BUREAU

SECTION: ARGUS

LENGTH: 790 words


SACRAMENTO -- In a reversal, a poll shows Californians now overwhelmingly view
prison crowding as a crisis big enough to justify the state's new
multibillion-dollar construction program -- a reflection of Gov. Arnold
Schwarzenegger's sway over public opinion.

Before the governor's push for prison spending, the public historically had "not
placed a high priority" on prison woes, said Mark Baldassare, director of the
San Francisco-based Public Policy Institute of California.

An institute survey released Thursday also reaffirms that the public believes,
more than ever, state prisons exist mostly to protect Californians and punish
criminals -- not rehabilitate.

Liberal Democratic lawmakers and prison-reform advocacy groups said the
attitudewon't help as they try to push the state toward stronger rehabilitation
measures and major changes in parole and sentencing laws.

In overall findings, the poll shows nine in 10 Californians believe prison woes
are a major or pressing problem -- an increase over previous polls.

In a significant turnaround, the survey shows nearly two-thirds of the state's
residents support the $8 billion prison construction and reform deal approved
last month by the Republican governor and Democrat-dominated Legislature.

Several previous statewide polls have found Californians favor cuts to prison
spending over any other area of the state budget.

Critics and supporters of the new prison-spending program attribute the reversal
of public opinion to the governor, though he was acting under federal court
orders to ease crowding, improve inmate health care and fix other woes.

"It was the result of Schwarzenegger's massive public-relations campaign," said
Vanessa Huang, a spokeswoman for Oakland-based Justice Now.

In promoting and praising the prison-spending program, Schwarzenegger has called
it "a major step forward" and a "commitment to public safety" for an entire
generation, incorporating "strong" rehabilitation that "will make our streets
safer."

The governor's use of lease-revenue bonds, repaid using state tax funds without
voter approval at an election, also has helped generate "strong support" for
huge spending on prisons, Baldassare said.

At the same time, analysts said, the survey revealed an undercurrent of
conflicting attitudes that could affect the future of Schwarzenegger's evolving
program and California's troubled prison system.

Californians are divided over the primary role of the prison system in society,
except most believe it has to do with them. Some 35 percent say prisons exist to
protect the public from crime, while 26 percent say prisons are there to punish
inmates for what they have done.

Only 25 percent say prisons' primary role is to rehabilitate criminals, who
inmate advocates said often are already disadvantaged before they commit crimes.

"Democrats are more likely than Republicans and independents to say
rehabilitation, while Republicans are more likely than Democrats or independents
to say protecting the public from crime," said Baldassare.

Critics of Schwarzenegger's reform effort said the survey reflects why the
proposal will fall short of rehabilitation goals -- causing little public
concern -- until funding for the ailing system begins to chew fiscally at other
public services such as education, transportation and social services.

Representatives of prison reform advocacy coalitions said the program relies too
heavily on expanding the prison system.

The Coalition for Effective Public Safety and Californians United for a
Responsible Budget instead want more emphasis on rehabilitation such as
education, vocational training, and drug treatment, as well as major changes in
parole policy and sentencing laws.

Democratic lawmakers have introduced numerous bills to change the way California
handles criminals. But authors acknowledge significant measures, such as those
addressing the popular "Three Strikes" sentencing law, face opposition from
Republicans and moderate Democrats.

"It's an uphill battle to change people's attitude about prison reform when they
believe prisons are to protect the public from crime or punish prisoners," said
Huang, whose Justice Now group is one of 40 in the Californians United for a
Responsible Budget coalition.

The public's attitude, in turn, influences lawmakers, posing "a huge challenge"
for advocacy groups trying to promote reform bills and an "immense barrier" as
they attempt to alter the direction of the governor's program, Huang said.

Schwarzenegger signed the state prison-spending program into law May 3. The
telephone survey of 2,005 Californians was conducted May 15-22. The margin of
error is plus or minus 2 percentage points.

Contact Steve Geissinger at sgeissinger@angnewspapers.com or (916) 447-9302.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                          September 28, 2006 Thursday

The Reality of Death & Dominion

BYLINE: WILLIAM MEYERS

SECTION: ARTS AND LETTERS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 938 words


Evan Eisenberg, the author of "The Ecology of Eden," accompanied me to the
"Ecotopia" press preview at the International Center of Photography last week.I
hoped his passion for the environment would balance my indifference, but he too
thought that there was something off about much of the show. One of the
photographers he did like, however, was Alessandra Sanguinetti because, he said,
her work was "real." Mr. Eisenberg did not mean simply that Ms. Sanguinetti's
work was "realistic" (although it is, in fact, that), but that the material her
photographs deal with and the seriousness with which she approaches it is real.
I agree.

Most of the pictures from ICP and many more are included in "On the Sixth Day,"
an exhibition of Ms. Sanguinetti's work currently at the Yossi Milo Gallery.
According to the Bible, it was on the sixth day of creation that God made man
"to hold sway over the fish of the sea and the fowl of the heavens and the
cattle and the wild beasts and all the crawling things that crawl upon the
earth." (Genesis 1:26, Robert Alter's translation.) Ms. Sanguinetti's theme is
the relationship between humans and domesticated animals in the country outside
Buenos Aires, Argentina, a terrain that looks much like parts of the American
southwest: There farmers, ranchers, and the dogs that respond to their commands
hold sway over cattle, horses, hares and rabbits, sheep, chickens, and pigs.

All the photographs in "On the Sixth Day" are 29-inch-by-29-inch C-Prints
mounted on black mats and labeled "Untitled" (1996-2004). They will be referred
to here by their numbers in the image list.

Picture 10 smacks of the "real." Although no humans are present, the hand of man
is certainly evident: A dead, skinned hare hangs upside down from a fence post.
It is a striking image.The picture was taken with a flash, or some other
artificial light, which separated the carcass of the hare from the nighttime
scene behind it in the same way that Weegee's flash separated the corpses of
gangsters lying on city sidewalks from the urban scenes behind them. As the
light diminishes, the succeeding fence posts recede in the distance. The naked,
red flesh is stark in its testimonial to the awfulness of death.

The hind legs of the hare are attached to the fence with a crude metal pin, and
some of the fur near the paws has not been removed. The legs are stretched out
by the weight of the body, the chest cavity looks disturbingly human, the
forelegs seem bent in supplication, more pitiful because the paws are missing,
and the skinned head has been deprived of whatever personality it once had. Ms.
Sanguinetti says, "To portray an animal is to name it. Once named it acquires a
new life, and then, is spared death." I do not know what she means: This hare is
forever dead. It is a matter of adjusting D.H. Lawrence's dictum, "Trust the
tale, not the teller," to the circumstances of photography.

The image in picture 10 is a long way from "Pat the Bunny" or Beatrix Potter's
Peter Rabbit and his sartorial improbable siblings Flopsy, Mopsy, and
Cottontail. But farmers and ranchers know meat does not come naturally packaged
in Styrofoam trays with plastic wrapping. There is nothing in picture 10 to
suggest the animal was killed gratuitously or that its remains will not be put
to use. The image is disturbing but, because there is no evidence of unnecessary
cruelty, I do not find it gruesome: It is simply what a dead hare looks like
when it has been skinned. And not all that different from the posters for
"Bodies: the Exhibition" that travel around the city on the sides of our buses.

Picture 6 similarly shows the flayed head of a horse. It is lying on the ground,
blood-spattered, an empty hole where its eye once was. Some of the skin with
bits of fur showing is still attached to the top of the head. Again, the
intricacy of flesh and muscle is shown, miraculous in its delicacy. In picture 3
two dead pigs hang mounted back-to-back on opposite sides of a heavy wooden
board. All we see of the pigs are their heads bound to each other with metal
pins through their skin, their eyes shut, the two snouts just off the ground as
if balancing in defiance of gravity. In picture 2, we see in the foreground a
pair of human hands covered with blood, held over a bowl filled with blood. A
dog sits placidly watching the hands, and in the background beyond a clearing is
a strand of trees.

Picture 11 depicts two playful lambs: Cute, but why does one have a knitted
cover hiding its face, and why is it tethered to the other? Because it is sick
and has to be led by the one that is not. In 7 the tiny pink fetus of a cow -
four legs and a wee, featureless head - lies in the grass, overseen by two
chickens, monstrously big in proportion. Their yellow beaks and red wattles hint
at nature's ferocity. In 18, three black dogs, one with a foam-flecked mouth,
bay at a black pig whose head is out of sight behind a tree. What we do see of
the pig is two rows of teats: Where are her young?

Ms. Sanguinetti states, "It is possible that by exploring the fine line that
separates us from what we rule, we may reach a better understanding of our own
nature." All creatures die, but the difference between them and us is not fine;
it is a yawning gulf, and most unbridgeable in regards to our ability to
contemplate and speculate about death, as in Ms. Sanguinetti's pictures. She has
presented us in "On the Sixth Day" with photographs of country life that are
challenging, but real. Skip the press release. "Trust the tale, not the teller."

Until October 14 (525 W. 25th St., between Tenth and Eleventh avenues,
212-414-0370).

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               paymentssource.com

                            July 29, 2015 Wednesday

Small Fraud Will Be a Big Deal to Merchants Without EMV

BYLINE: David Heun

SECTION: RISK & ANALYTICS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 647  words


More than a third of small-business owners won't accept EMV chip cards by Oct. 1
- and don't plan to do so any time in the future - but they may change their
minds if the decision costs them as little as $100 in fraud losses.

As mandated through the major card brands, most companies not able to handle EMV
transactions by Oct. 1 take on the liability for fraud (gas stations have an
extra two years). But the upgrade to EMV is costly, and many merchants do not
yet see the value in adding EMV technology to all of their systems.

But even the moststubborn merchantscould change their minds as EMV technology
spreads, according to new research from payments processor and technology
provider Cayan. EMV-chip cards are designed to resist counterfeiting if lost or
stolen, but the security can only work if the merchant has the proper technology
in place to detect the chip.

The expense of fraud or customer complaints about not accepting EMV cards are
two factors that merchants said could sway their opinions about migrating to
chip card acceptance, Boston-based Cayan reported in a survey of 344 small
business owners and managers.

Of those with no plans to accept EMV cards, 63% said that being forced to cover
fraud costs would drive them to EMV capabilities.

"It's clear that for some [small businesses], they're going to learn the hard
way before adopting EMV," said Harry Hargens, vice president of business
development at Cayan.

In an indication that small merchants have a low threshold for fraud pain, 47%
said they would become EMV-ready after covering $100 or less in fraud. Even more
telling, 60% of the businesses surveyed indicated they could not bounce back
from a fraud incident that cost them more than $500 out of pocket.

With the average merchant suffering 133 fraudulent transactions in 2014, small
businesses unprepared for the EMV liability shift could be in big trouble, the
report stated.

If fraud doesn't sway these merchants, customer complaints might, as 57% said if
enough shoppers complained about the absence of EMV security, they would
consider adding it. Forty percent of respondents said they would upgrade after
receiving five or fewer complaints per week.

Only 16% said they would become EMV-capable after hearing about another business
being held liable for fraudulent charges.

However, it would be a mistake for small merchants to feel that deploying
encryption and tokenization alone would keep their customers' data secure,
Hargens said.

"The value of EMV is in the unique information the smart chip generates per
every dip of the card," Hargens said. "This helps eliminate fraud at the point
of sale due to counterfeit cards."

In order to get small businesses on board before the deadline, some merchant
service providers are selling the benefits of mobile payments over EMV, because
new EMV-capable payment systems will allow businesses to accept both payment
types.

According to Cayan's study, this strategy does not match merchants' thinking.
Sixty-three percent of small businesses have no plans to accept mobile payments
- double the number of small businesses with no plans to accept EMV.

Cayan did not differentiate small business segments in its study, but it has
become increasingly apparent thatrestaurants will be slowto convert to EMV, in
part because those establishments don't fear fraudulent chargebacks in the same
manner other stores might.

At the start of this year, Merchant Warehouse changed its brand and business
model,becoming Cayan. The company continues to provide merchant services
contracts, but also emphasizes its payment processing and gateway technologies.

Last month, Cayan earnedLevel 2 EMV certificationas a payments software provider
from standards body EMVCo.

Cayan's Genius platform supports Near Field Communication-based mobile payments,
QR/bar code payments and manually entered and swiped credit and debit
transactions.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                               May 5, 2013 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

SCHOOL OF THOUGHT;
SUPPORTERS AND OPPONENTS ALIKE ARE MOBILIZING TO SWAY PUBLIC OPINION ON A
CRUCIAL ITEM IN GOV. WALKER'S LATEST BUDGET;
PRIVATE SCHOOL VOUCHERS

BYLINE: MATTHEW DeFOUR , Wisconsin State Journal , mdefour@madison.com ,
608-252-6144

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1666 words


At a recent rally in a Latino community center in Waukesha, Gov. Scott Walker
urged a group of mostly private school parents, students and administrators to
advocate for his proposal to expand vouchers beyond Milwaukee and Racine.

"I need your help," Walker told a crowd of about 350 people, the majority of
them children, on April 25. "We need you to help us spread that message to other
lawmakers in our state Capitol, because they need to understand this is not a
political statement; this is not a political campaign. â[#x20ac]¦ This is about
children."

A week earlier at First United Methodist Church in Downtown Madison,
representatives from the Department of Public Instruction and the Wisconsin
Association of School Boards laid out the arguments against voucher expansion to
a group organized by Grandparents United for Madison Public Schools.

"This is a Waterloo moment for public education," WASB lobbyist Joe Quick told
about 60 people.

"You've got good schools here," concurred DPI financial adviser Jeff Pertl.
"We've got to fight to protect them."

In recent months, in gymnasiums, libraries, churches and offices across
Wisconsin, both sides in the voucher debate have ramped up their efforts to sway
public opinion, especially in the districts of a handful of key Republican
senators.

The efforts have intensified as the state's 2013-15 budget moves closer to a
final vote. Walker's proposal is before the Joint Finance Committee, where
voucher advocates say they have enough supportive votes.

Then the debate moves to the Assembly and Senate, where all Democrats and at
least three Republicans - Senate president Mike Ellis, R-Neenah, Luther Olsen,
R-Ripon, and Dale Schultz, R-Richland Center - have said they want the voucher
expansion removed. That's enough to block the provision, though three other
senators have said they would not vote for the budget without a voucher
expansion.

Schultz said since Walker's appearance in Waukesha, his office has received
about 15 calls a day from constituents asking him to support voucher expansion.
Schultz said the calls appeared to be generated by a third party that connected
the caller to his office.

Meanwhile in Dane County, a coalition of school board members, superintendents
and public school advocates has organized phone banks to call voters in the
districts of eight Republican senators who they believe could be persuaded to
oppose the voucher expansion.

In addition to Ellis, Olsen and Schultz, they include Rob Cowles, R-Green Bay;
Sheila Harsdorf, R-River Falls; Joe Leibham, R-Sheboygan; Terry Moulton,
R-Chippewa Falls; and Jerry Petrowski, R-Marathon.

"There seems to be an unlimited supply of money on the voucher side and I've
been telling people to get ready for displays of that," Schultz said. "On the
other side is a very much grass-roots organization that is coming together."

Money flows

Exactly how much each side is spending on the effort is difficult to tally. The
pro-voucher groups have hired three former Assembly speakers - Jeff Fitzgerald,
John Gard and Scott Jensen - as lobbyists. But lobbying reports for the first
six months of this year won't be available until after the budget is typically
finished.

Election spending, meanwhile, is complicated because there are some single-issue
pro-voucher groups that spend on campaigns, but the voucher opponents such as
the Wisconsin Education Association Council advocate on other issues, said Mike
McCabe, executive director of the Wisconsin Democracy Campaign, an elections
watchdog group.

The Democracy Campaign estimates the single-issue pro-voucher groups and
conduits have spent $10 million on campaigns since 2003. WEAC and other
anti-voucher groups spent $10.5 million. But if you count all multi-issue
pro-voucher groups such as Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce, total spending
reaches $97 million, McCabe said.

That doesn't count all election-related spending. The pro-voucher American
Federation for Children reported spending $344,000 on elections in 2012,
according to McCabe. But in a recent letter to donors, the group said total
election spending was $2.4 million last year, including on issue ads and voter
drives.

Voucher advocates say the dollars spent on lobbying and organizing pale in
comparison to the resources and organizational capabilities of the state
teachers unions and groups representing school administrators. Last session,
WEAC reported $2.3 million in lobbying expenditures, of which 7 percent related
to vouchers and charter schools, or about $161,000. The AFC reported spending
$169,614 on lobbying.

"A lot of parents that are unhappy with their assigned public school don't have
the time and the money that the teachers unions have, that the public school
administrators have," said Brian Pleva, an AFC lobbyist.

Miles Turner, executive director of the Wisconsin Association of School District
Administrators, said in 20 years he's never seen an issue generate as much local
advocacy as voucher expansion. Vouchers, coupled with flat funding for public
schools, has brought together school boards, administrators and teachers, who in
recent years have been at odds over Walker's collective bargaining reforms.

"Why would we spend $100 million on a failed experiment and freeze money to
public education?" Turner said. "The public is becoming aware of that and that's
why the grass-roots movement is so strong."

A voucher laboratory

Vouchers aren't new to Wisconsin, but they might be unfamiliar to people outside
Milwaukee, where the first modern program in the United States to give private
school students a taxpayer-funded subsidy began in 1990. It wasn't until the
2011-13 budget that the program expanded outside Milwaukee for the first time,
to Racine.

Several studies have been done on the Milwaukee program, but the results are
mixed with no evidence of major gains or deficiencies among voucher students.

Walker wants to use the state's new report card system, taking into account
enrollment size and performance, to identify school districts where
income-eligible students would qualify for about $7,000 to attend a private
school of their choice. Based on report cards that came out last fall, students
in nine districts - including Madison - would be eligible.

Not long after Walker released his budget, a Marquette Law School poll of
Wisconsin residents found a ripe environment for the recent advocacy blitz with
43 percent saying they didn't have enough information to form an opinion about
vouchers.

"These views are tenuous and subject to change as the debate takes place," poll
director and UW-Madison political science professor Charles Franklin said.

Advocates organizing

Voucher advocates have been organizing local parent groups and private schools
for years, but the effort has expanded around the state in the past several
months.

Americans for Prosperity Wisconsin has hosted six informational events going
back to last September in Green Bay, state director Luke Hilgemann said. Between
40 and 100 people, both supporters and opponents, attended the meetings, which
were also held in Beloit, Janesville, Kenosha, Waukesha and Wausau.

Since the budget was released, public school advocates have organized several of
their own meetings with local legislators. Dozens of school boards have passed
resolutions and written letters. School districts have posted information on
their websites and through social media about the negative effect of vouchers on
their budgets.

Paul Hill, a public policy professor and founder of the Center for Reinventing
Public Education at the University of Washington, said both sides in the voucher
debate bring together coalitions of various interest groups.

Vouchers have allied free-market conservatives and private, particularly
religious, school advocates with low-income minority families stuck in
struggling urban schools. Voucher opponents include teachers unions, school
district officials, and sympathetic parents and community members who are
"deeply threatened by anything that diverts students and money from the
traditional public school structure."

"The more those challenges accelerate, the more shrill the debate gets on all
sides," Hill said. "It's getting to be like a lot of really nasty debates we
have where a lot of people's emotions are connected to validating their life
choices."

PRIVATE SCHOOL VOUCHER EXPANSION

Gov. Scott Walker has proposed expanding the state's voucher program, in which
private schools receive tax dollars to educate students, from Milwaukee and
Racine to other districts.

WHO IS ELIGIBLE?

Current: Students in Milwaukee and Racine whose families earn up to 300 percent
of the federal poverty level, or $69,801 for a family of four.

Proposed: Income-eligible students in school districts with at least 4,000
students and two schools receiving low ratings on the state's new report card.
Based on the report cards that came out last fall, Beloit, Fond du Lac, Green
Bay, Kenosha, Madison, Sheboygan, Superior, Waukesha and West Allis-West
Milwaukee would qualify. The list could change once new report cards are
released this summer.

HOW MANY STUDENTS PARTICIPATE?

Current: About 25,000 students, including 500 in the Racine School District.

Proposed: In new voucher districts, enrollment would be capped at 500 next year
and 1,000 in 2014-15. There would be no cap in future years. Participation in
Milwaukee and Racine is expected to increase to 28,000 by 2014-15.

HOW MUCH DO PRIVATE SCHOOLS RECEIVE?

Current: Up to $6,442 per student.

Proposed: Starting in 2014-15, up to $7,050 for K-8 and $7,856 for high school.

HOW MUCH DOES IT COST STATE TAXPAYERS?

Current: $154 million, a bit more than a third of which is deducted from state
aid payments to Milwaukee and Racine. The rest comes from the state general
fund.

Proposed: $172.3 million next year and $208.7 million in 2014-15. Walker also
proposed a separate voucher program for students with disabilities, which would
cost $6.9 million next year and $13.9 million in 2014-15.

Source: Legislative Fiscal Bureau

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos by JOHN HART ? State Journal Gov. Scott Walker speaks during a
rally in support of expanding the state's voucher program for private schools at
La Casa de Esperanza in Waukesha. Walker has proposed expanding the
taxpayer-funded program from Milwaukee and Racine to other districts, including
Madison. Phone bank volunteer Dean Bowles offers to put a private school voucher
opponent in touch with a local Republican legislator. Opponents of the state's
school voucher program meet at the headquarters of the Wisconsin Education
Association Council in Madison. Students at Milwaukee's Academy of Excellence
Christian School attend a rally for supporters of Wisconsin's voucher program in
Waukesha on April 25. The school participates in the program. Sen. Dale Schultz,
R-Richland Center, listens at a hearing last week about the impact of the state
budget's voucher provisions on rural schools.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Judge Hears Arguments On APS Judge's Possible Recusal

LENGTH: 438  words


A Fulton County judge Monday heard arguments on whether the presiding judge in
the Atlanta Public Schools cheating trial should recuse himself from the case.
Fulton County Superior Court Judge Shawn Ellen LaGrua is now weighing the
arguments concerning Judge Jerry Baxter.Attorneys for the 13 remaining APS
defendants argue Baxter wrongly contacted the Court of Appeals in order to sway
the outcome of a motion filed by defendant Tamara Cotman. They also allege
Baxter wrongly defended his actions to the media after the calls were made known
to the defense. "We don't believe we can get a fair trial since the judge
apparently has decided at least in some context to support the state's
argument," said Cotman's attorney Benjamin Davis, "and that's the reason we
brought the motion to recuse."After being found not guilty of influencing a
witness last year, Cotman filed to have the other charges against her dropped,
citing double jeopardy.Baxter denied the motion and Cotman appealed, a move
Baxter called "frivolous."According to a motion filed last month, the Court of
Appeals opted not to dismiss Cotman's appeal, despite the state's request it do
so. It also disclosed Baxter had made multiple phone calls to the higher court
"urging quick action."During Monday's hearing, attorney for the state John Floyd
said Baxter wasn't trying to sway the court to a specific decision.

Rather, he was just trying to keep the trial moving."There is nothing to suggest
that when he spoke to the clerk of the Court of Appeals other than please handle
this fast so I know what to do with this big case," Floyd said.Baxter echoed
similar sentiments in comments earlier this month to the Atlanta Journal-
Constitution and the Daily Report, telling the former, "Our jury clerk was about
to send out summons for 1,500 jurors for a trial set to begin in early May. We
were dealing with taxpayers' dollars that I didn't want to be wasted."But
Cotman's attorney counters that by asking for a quick decision, then defending
that action, Baxter could have only been pushing for one outcome"He was actually
asking them to dismiss the case before we had an opportunity to file our brief.

 The court had given us 20 days. He was almost asking that they dismiss it upon
receiving it," Davis said."The most troubling thing is that it appears that
Judge Baxter, in defending himself, is also sort of throwing me and my client
under the bus. That's troubling and disheartening," he said.Judge LaGrua says
she'll issue an order soon but didn't give a timeline. Until then, proceedings
have been suspended. Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info).

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            February 15, 2004 Sunday

WILD WEST - IS THIS SOUL-BARING RAPPER THE NEXT JAY-Z?

BYLINE: MARY HUHN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 490 words


How determined is Kanye West?

Only weeks after a near-fatal car crash in Los Angeles in 2002, the
producer/rapper hit the studio to record tracks for his debut disc, "The College
Dropout" - with his fractured jaw wired shut.

"Through the Wire," the resulting track, became the album's first single. On it
he sings, "I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph."

West, 26, who signed to Roc-a-Fella Records in 2002, is known to have a healthy
amount of bravado.

"His arrogance makes him courageous and brave when he makes music and when he
performs," says MTV News' Sway Calloway, a friend of West's.

"He created a really warm sound that's comfortable to listen to, and at the same
time, you're either laughing or thinking. It's a very honest album."

That honesty, "Is a new direction for hip-hop," says Erik Parker, music editor
for Vibe. "He's vulnerable with his lyrics. He's very topical."

And the hip-hop community is ready for just such a new voice: "I only want to
hear one 50 Cent, not the 100 clones that come behind him," says Sway.

West's album, which was released on Tuesday, looks like it will debut at No. 2,
right behind Norah Jones' latest disc.

His determination, smarts and success make sense to anyone who knows West's
story. Raised in Chicago by his father, a former Black Panther who became a
Christian marriage counselor, and mother, a teacher, West began rapping and
rhyming in the third grade. Eventually, he dropped out of college to work on his
music.

NO I.D., a Chicago beat master and producer, had once encouraged him to sample
from old-school hits. He soon found his trademark beats by speeding up old
albums, so the vocals sounded like Alvin and the Chipmunks.

Some of the samples, from '60's and '70s soul, or '80s pop, wound up on Jay-Z's
albums. And Chaka Khan's "Through the Fire" shows up on "Through the Wire."

West has worked with dozens of other chart luminaries, such as Scarface, Talib
Kweli, Dead Prez, Twista, Alicia Keys and Ludacris. (He may soon run out of
space on his arms, where he tattoos the title of each song he produces.)

Not surprisingly, his own album is packed with these stars, including Jay-Z, Mos
Def, Freeway, Ludacris, Common, Twista and Jamie Foxx.

His politically and socially aware lyrics, based on experience, harken back to
the days of A Tribe Called Quest and Public Enemy.

"Some of [today's rappers] began rapping about what was popular rather than
their own experiences," says Parker. "Kanye is honest."

West even takes a turn into the risky field of Christian rap with "Jesus Walks."

"He slipped that in without being preachy or corny," says Parker. "People want
to support somebody who says, 'We have more than one dimension.'"

West is ready to oblige.

"On one hand, I've got a knowledge of my heritage; I got a pretty good
background; I've been to school. But on the other, I like strippers," he told
MTV. "Nobody can pigeonhole me and determine what I talk about."

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Producer/rapper Kanye West tattoos the names of all his albums on his
arm.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             August 3, 2007 Friday
                                  City Edition

Drivers' Dread;
I-40 Crosstown gives truckers heebie-jeebies

BYLINE: Ja'Rena Lunsford, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 650 words


THE COLLAPSE of the Interstate-35W bridge in Minneapolis has the nation
pondering why it happened. For many long-haul truck drivers - who make  their
living driving across the country's bridges every day - the collapse is an
example of the dangers that go unrecognized until it's too late.

And some in the trucking industry believe those dangers are here in the Sooner
State.

"We have a lot of deficient bridges in Oklahoma," said Dan Case, executive
director of the Oklahoma Trucking Association. "The majority of them are
secondary bridges and county bridges."

But there's one primary bridge that does make some truckers' list of
infrastructures they would rather avoid: the Interstate 40 Crosstown.

Thursday, several long-haul drivers in Oklahoma City commented about what they
believe are some of the worst bridges in the country.

Randy Olson

Trucking company: Southeastern Freight Lines, Oklahoma City Terminal.

Years in trucking: 10.

Worst bridge: I-40 Crosstown, Oklahoma City.

Why: "It's old and worn out. That thing will scare you to death. That's one
beat-up bridge."

Lloyd Lute

Trucking company: Mawson & Mawson Inc. based in Langhorne, Pa.

Years in trucking: 17.

Worst bridge: "All of the bridges anymore are the worst. (The government) spends
the money on other things. The bridges over the big rivers are the worst. I just
don't like driving over them. They ain't getting any better, that's for sure."

Enrique Acosta

Trucking company: E.R. Acosta Trucking based in Hesperia, Calif.

Years in trucking: 18.

Worst bridge: I-40 Crosstown, Oklahoma City.

Why: "I see a lot of bad roads and bridges in a lot of places. Crosstown here in
Oklahoma City is very bad. Every time I go over that bridge I feel my truck sway
; it's dangerous. I hope they do something about that bridge."

Jim Hines

Trucking company: Adams & Sons Trucking Inc. based in Sidney, Neb.

Years in trucking: 27.

Worst bridge: I-40 Crosstown, Oklahoma City.

Why: "It's just so rough and decaying. That one will shake your teeth loose."

Gary Muse

Trucking company: Triangle Trucking Inc. based in Salina, Kan.

Years in trucking: 11.

Worst bridge: George Washington Bridge, New York.

Why: "It's rough and bumper to bumper. All the bridges in New York are pretty
bad. The ones here in Oklahoma are pretty good compared to most places."

Tony Barber

Trucking company: J.J. Cook Trucking based in Otsego, Mich.

Years in trucking: Two.

Worst bridge: The Mackinac Bridge, Michigan.

Why: "It's really narrow. When the wind gets to blowing, it gets your knees
shaking. It sways. There are only two lanes. It's really bad during the
wintertime."

Danny Guinn

Trucking company: Allstates Transportation Co. based in Bensenville, Ill.

Years in trucking: Two.

Worst bridge: Poplar Street Bridge, St. Louis

Why: "When you get on the I-55 bridge in St. Louis you feel it shaking around.
It gets spooky sometimes. It usually has lots of construction on it. If I hear
there's construction on it, I won't even take it."

Bill Maier

Trucking company: General Transportation Inc. based in Akron, Ohio.

Years in trucking: 34.

Worst bridge: I-40 Crosstown, Oklahoma City.

Why: "I don't even go over there. I'm not afraid of it falling; it just beats
you to death."

Brian Teubert

Long-haul truck driver Brian Teubert dislikes all bridges over water.

That dislike has always included the Interstate-35W bridge, which the St. Cloud,
Minn., resident travels regularly - and crossed two hours before Wednesday's
collapse.

Teubert said on Wednesday as he crossed the bridge he thought of something that
ironically never occurred to him before.

"When I was driving across it, I just thought, 'What would happen if this thing
gave out,'" said Teubert, who trucks for Lake State Transport.

"It was just a random thought."

Teubert said he was shocked and saddened to learn that his random thought had
become reality.

Ja'Rena Lunsford:  475-3126,  jlunsford@oklahoman.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: (Interstate 40 Crosstown Expressway)
Photo 2: Randy Olson
Photo 3: Lloyd Lute Photo 4: Enrique Acosta
Photo 5: Jim Hines
Photo 6: Damage is shown on the underside of the Interstate 40 Crosstown
Expressway downtown. (CORRECTION: This published photo is actually damage on the
NW 63 bridge across the Broadway Extension.)
Photo 7: Gary Muse
Photo 8: Tony Barber
Photo 9: Danny Guinn
Photo 10: Bill Maier
Photo 11: Brian Teubert

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Sun (Lowell, Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 10, 2008 Sunday

Endorsements less influential today, some say

BYLINE: Hillary Chabot, The Sun, Lowell, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 693 words


Feb. 10--BOSTON -- Oprah fizzled, the court of Camelot crumbled, and Gov. Deval
Patrick's grass-roots campaign wilted.

Despite three high-profile endorsements in the Bay State, Illinois Sen. Barack
Obama failed to win Massachusetts in his bid to become the Democratic
presidential nominee. Obama's showing left some local politicos questioning the
power of endorsements.

Reid Cherlin, Obama's spokesman, said the endorsements helped Obama walk away
with 41 percent of the vote and 38 delegates.

"When we came to Massachusetts, we were down more than 30 points. We didn't
close that gap entirely but we made great strides and Sen. Kerry, Sen. Kennedy
and Gov. Patrick were instrumental in doing so," Cherlin said. "These public
figures resonated with voters."

Democratic analyst Mary Anne Marsh begged to differ.

"This year endorsements don't mean what they used to. The endorsements that
matter are the ones that deliver votes, and people who deliver votes tend to be
more local or people who with really active political

operations who work it day in and day out," Marsh said.

Case in point: Rep. Jamie Eldridge, D-Acton, who delivered several area
communities to Obama.

Politicians like Kerry and Kennedy, who run every six years and don't often face
serious challengers, find their voter base a little rusty, said Suffolk
University pollster David Paleologos.

Kennedy had more sway than Oprah, with 43 percent of Massachusetts residents
pointing to his endorsement as the most influential, according to a poll
conducted by Suffolk University. Former President Bill Clinton was next, with 23
percent of those polled believing his endorsement was most influential. Oprah
came in dead last with 9 percent.

"My experience is endorsements matter in smaller races," Paleologos said. "The
more you head up the food chain, the less people pay attention,"

Senate Ways and means Chairman Steve Panagiotakos, D-Lowell, seemed to sway
Greater Lowell residents to back New York Sen. Hillary Clinton. Clinton swept by
more than 30 points in communities like Lowell and Dracut.

"I talked to a couple of people at the polls and they said they hadn't made up
their mind and they saw I was supporting Hillary," Panagiotakos said. "It's
personal."

The endorsements only swayed voters by a couple of points, if any, Panagiotakos
said. He pointed to other factors, like the fact that 62 percent of women went
with Clinton in Massachusetts.

"Certainly there were a lot of women who were really proud there was a viable
woman on the ballot," Panagiotakos said. Clinton also pulled a slim majority of
the youth vote and a landslide of support from residents 60 years old and over.

Lowell Mayor Edward "Bud" Caulfield isn't sure whether voters are following the
lead of local politicians or if local politicians are simply reflecting their
constituent base with their endorsements.

"The voters have made up their mind. They know who they'd like to see running
the country. I feel I'm part of that voting block," said Caulfield, who endorsed
Clinton.

A quick look at Florida -- considered a turning point in the quest for a
Republican nominee -- bolsters Marsh's faith in the sway of an endorsement.

Charlie Crist, the extraordinarily popular Florida governor, "dragged (Arizona
Sen. John) McCain across the finish line," Marsh said.

Before Crist's endorsement, McCain was behind by one point in the polls,
virtually neck and neck with Romney. McCain squeaked out a win in the state by
five points, but the winner-take-all state turned the tide.

Romney's recent ties to Massachusetts pushed him over the edge in the state and
in Greater Lowell, where he won by 10 points or more in most communities. Romney
had the support of Rep. Robert Hargraves, D-Groton, and other lawmakers in
eastern Massachusetts.

To see more of The Sun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.lowellsun.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Sun, Lowell, Mass. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080210-LZ-Endorsements-less-influential-today-some-say-0210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LZ


                             Copyright 2008 The Sun


                              621 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Winnipeg Sun

                            February 10, 2017 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Hardcore Ram Power Wagon Flexes Its Macho Off-Road Muscles

BYLINE: Lesley Wimbush, Winnipeg Sun

SECTION: DRIVING; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 1024  words

DATELINE: VALLEY OF FIRE, Nevada


We're only 80 kilometres northeast of Las Vegas, but the contrast is startling.
Deep in the heart of the Mojave Desert, the striated cliffs, twisted rock
formations and vast blue sky are the perfect antidote to the tawdry lights of
the Vegas strip.

The deep canyons and great shifting sand dunes provide a terrific playground for
evaluating the rockcrawling prowess of the latest Ram Power Wagon. Its name is
derived, of course, from the iconic Dodge Power Wagon, introduced in 1946 as a
weapons carrier and the world's first 4x4 pickup truck. The badge was
resurrected in 2005 for special hardcore off-road versions of the Ram.

While the important mechanical bits in the 2017 Power Wagon remain unchanged, it
returns with a tough new exterior more fitting for a brawny rock-crawler. Where
the previous model was festooned with far too much brightwork for a serious
off-roader, the new design eschews gaudy chrome in favour of blackedout grille,
a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips, rugged wheel arches, and black mirror
caps with matching wheels.

The interior gets some exclusive Power Wagon badging, an optional black
headliner and tire treadthemed seat inserts. Splashy side graphics give way to
two-tone paint with black or silver decals. It certainly looks the part of
dedicated rock-crawler. And underneath the macho exterior is an arsenal of
offroad equipment that leads Fiat Chrysler to claim the Power Wagon is "the most
capable truck in Canada." This includes complete under-chassis armour, Bilstein
mono-tube shocks, five-link coil rear suspension, electronic disconnecting sway
bar, electric locking front and rear differentials, 33-inch Goodyear off-road
tires and a 12,000-pound Warn winch up front.

The Power Wagon boasts 363 millimetres (14.3 inches) of clearance, 660 mm (26
inches) of wheel travel and 762 mm (30 inches) of water fording. Approach angle
is 34 degrees, departure 23.5 and breakover angle 25.5.

It's powered by the 6.4-litre Hemi V8 engine, with 410 horsepower and 429
pound-feet of torque. (Unfortunately there's no Cummins diesel option, because
there's no room behind the Warn winch for an intercooler.)

The engine is mated to a heavy duty six-speed automatic transmission, and while
the driveline lacks the prodigious torque of the Cummins diesel, it's plenty
powerful enough for even the most gruelling climbs.

As any hardcore offroader knows, the secret to clambering over enormous
obstacles and inching up jagged cliffs lies in suspension articulation. Simply
put, it's the vehicle's ability to keep all four wheels in contact with the
ground, regardless of how rough the terrain. Many trail enthusiasts remove the
sway bar to get more flex, but the downside is a truck that wallows and rolls
when they leave the trail for everyday roads.

Getting to Fire Valley entailed nearly two hours of highway driving, over which
the Ram exhibited first drive solid handling with very little roll. Potholes and
washboard pavement were nicely absorbed by the suspension damping, with little
intrusion into the cabin.

The secret to the Power Wagon's versatility lies in its "Ram Articulink" front
suspension setup, which uses high-movement joints between the control arm and
axle mount for more flexibility and up to 660 mm (26 inches) of vertical wheel
movement.

Instead of stopping at the trail head and grabbing the tool box, the Power Wagon
lets you disconnect the sway bar from inside the truck by simply pushing a
button. The classexclusive, electronically disconnecting "smart bar" allows the
front axle to move independently of the frame, which of course lets the truck
flex over large obstacles while keeping rubber on the ground.

In the rear, the Power Wagon has the same multi-link coil rear suspension used
by all Ram 2500 HD trucks. Its advantages over traditional leaf springs include
less unsprung mass, better articulation and less shuddering over rough surfaces
from undesirable axle rotation.

Most of the sandy roads required only 4WD. But when our way became strewn with
large boulders and deeply rutted tracks, we switched over to 4LO, which allowed
us to climb steep hills quite effortlessly. The truck's hill-descent control
system allowed us to set a steady speed downward without touching the throttle
or brake pedal.

Fire Valley's name is derived from the deep red sandstone of its canyons, and
erosion has sculpted some unique rock formations which we had to circumnavigate
or clamber over. Using the dash-mounted sway-bar disconnect frees up the front
wheels, giving them a greater range of movement to climb over even enormous
boulders and slabs of rock. The beefy treads of the Goodyear Wrangler tires find
purchase on the smooth stone as we inch our way upward. Although there's the
occasional wince-inducing clang of metal hitting rock, the Power Wagon's
underside is generously protected by steel armour. It's a bit surreal seeing
such a long, heavy vehicle undulating and inching upward on such rugged terrain.

Fiat Chrysler says the new Power Wagon is the most capable off-road truck in
Canada, a lofty claim that will have Ford F-150 Raptor owners throwing down the
gauntlet. While there's a lot of overlap between the two vehicles, the Raptor is
a highspeed desert racer, able to launch itself off sand dunes, and the Power
Wagon is a tough, brawny rockcrawler with a 685-kilogram (1,510-pound) payload
and the ability to tow 4,550 kg (10,030 lbs) of gear to the trail site.

Its 5,445-kg (12,000-lb) electric winch comes in handy for extricating those
unfortunates who find themselves stuck or, as we found out, upside down. Using a
steep rock face to flip over a caged Toyota 4Runner, the Ram folks demonstrated
how quickly the Power Wagon was able to winch the 4Runner away from the wall and
back over onto its wheels.

In addition to the Class 5 receiver hitch, the Ram Power Wagon comes with an
optional cargo-view camera for monitoring payload, and a tailgate-mounted
rear-view camera.

The 2017 Ram Power Wagon is available in Canadian dealerships now, starting at
$58,945 and available with a Leather and Luxury package ($4,995). !@COPYRIGHT=©
2017 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / (See hardcopy for photo); Lesley Wimbush, Driving;  2018 Ram Power
Wagon 2500.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2017 Winnipeg Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              April 4, 2014 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Another lifted limit gives big money more sway

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 400 words


FACEBOOK

On Wednesday, the Supreme Court decided that limits on total donations to all
political campaigns are unconsti- tutional.

The Roberts Supreme Court has once again ruled that donating money equates to
exercising free speech.

But when the wealthy are allowed to sway elections through their donations,
doesn't that reduce (and thus limit) the First Amendment right to free speech of
the less wealthy?

Rich Barnes

This decision doesn't limit the free speech of people who can't afford big
donations because the medium and scope of the speech is irrelevant to one's
ability to exercise it.

The voice of others does not constrict your own; each voice doesn't have to be
given equal weight.

Will Foltz

Finally, private donors will have the same power of influence as the unions. A
victory for free speech and individual Americans.

Anne Gerr

How is allowing unlimited spending not infringing on free speech rights of
everyday Americans? The average American's voice is being drowned out by big
money. There is a reason some states have publicly funded elections with equal
limits for all candidates.  We need that system to be more widespread if we ever
want to regain control of our government.

Chuck Michael

Anybody can write an opinion instantly accessible to all free people in the
world.

It seems to me the playing field is more level than it has ever been.

David Fairchild

Court case

What happened

Supreme Court struck down the $123,200 cap on an individual's contributions to
federal candidates, parties and political action committees in a two-year cycle.

What remains

A $2,600 limit on a donation to a federal candidate for each primary or general
election; however, a donor can give to as many campaigns as he or she wants.

LETTERS

I have been around politics long enough to remember why campaign spending limits
were created in the first place ("Supreme Court lifts ban on aggregate campaign
donations," USATODAY.com, Wednesday).

The total amount a person could donate to candidates and committees during an
election cycle was a response to the abuses of Watergate. The theory was, if
aggregate totals were capped, then spending limits would create better
government.

The trouble is no one has ever proved this hypothesis to be true. It is for this
very reason that I, a lifelong Democrat, applaud the Supreme Court's decision to
void the overall limits on political donations.

Denny Freidenrich

Laguna Beach, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                             August 6, 2006 Sunday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

IRWINDALE SPEEDWAY: HUDDLESTON BENDS, BUT DOESN'T BREAK

BYLINE: BY TIM HADDOCK Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S14

LENGTH: 242 words


IRWINDALE -- It's been a while since Tim Huddleston won a race in the NASCAR
Late Model division at Irwindale Speedway.

If not for finding a bent piece on his front suspension, he might still be
seeking his second win of the season.

Huddleston, who hails from Agoura Hills, won his second race of the year
Saturday night, battling division points leader Travis Thirkettle of Newhall for
most of the 40-lap feature race.

It was Huddleston's first win since opening night. He won eight races and the
track Late Model division championship in 2005.

``We're happy to be back and put on a show with Travis,'' Huddleston said.

Huddleston said about 10 minutes before qualifying, his crew found bent part on
his car's sway bar. After running about 100 laps in practice Friday night,
Huddleston said he was getting frustrated with its performance. But after
repairing the sway bar, his car turned out to be the fastest in the division.

Thirkettle, on the other hand, was battling an inverted start, tires, brakes and
a new steering wheel.

``It wasn't like a perfect day,'' Thirkettle said.

Thikettle set a fast time, but started eighth on the invert. He was using old
tires, a common practice for his team. It normally uses the same set of tires
for two races. They were good enough Saturday night to run in second, but not
enough to pass Huddleston.

Thirkettle, winner of seven races at Irwindale Speedway this year, made a late
charge to pass Huddleston on the last lap, but had to back off when he got loose
coming out of turn four.

Huddleston passed Wright for the lead on lap six. Thirkettle was close behind in
second when Huddleston took the lead.

Thirkettle ran side by side with Huddleston three times during the race and
challenged for the lead, but couldn't muster enough momentum to pass him.

``I don't know if he got around me,'' Thirkettle said after the race. ``He
started ahead of me.''

Joe Herold won the NASCAR Super Trucks race. Rookie Matthew Hicks of Santee was
second and fellow rookie Brian Reed of Castaic was third.

Simi Valley's Rick Crow won his seventh race of the year in the NASCAR Pure
Stock race.

Rick Wall of Newport Beach won the West Coast Pro Trucks Series race.

tim.haddock@dailynews.com

(818) 713-3715

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Digital First Media


                              624 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Man pleads guilty in extortion plot;
Vermonter promised to sway Goodman jury in exchange for money.

BYLINE:  By Jane Musgrave   Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 489 words


A 49-year-old Vermont man pleaded guilty Wednesday to one count of wire fraud
for unsuccessfully trying to extort as much as $1.5 million to guarantee
Wellington polo mogul John Goodman an acquittal in his DUI manslaughter trial
last fall.

But he wasn't working alone.

According to plea-agreement documents, James Perron said a man named George
Warwick gave him the information about Goodman's trial, told him to contact the
millionaire's friend and even wrote text messages claiming that, for a hefty
price, he could sway the jury to find Goodman not guilty of charges related to
the 2010 crash that killed Scott Wilson, 23.

Before the extortion plot, records show, Perron and Warrick were suspected of
bilking an elderly couple in Westchester County, N.Y., in a con that involved
posing as police officers.

Warrick hasn't been charged in the failed plot to extort money from Goodman.

Perron, a self-described handyman with a lengthy criminal record, was nabbed by
agents at a hotel near Albany, N.Y., after Wellington polo player Kris Kampsen
notified police about strange text messages that popped up on his phone after he
testified in Goodman's second trial in October.

Perron was originally facing three counts of wire fraud, but in exchange for his
guilty plea, federal prosecutors agreed to drop two counts after he is
sentenced.

He faces a maximum 20 years in prison and $250,000 fine. His guilty plea was
accepted by a U.S. magistrate in Miami but he will be sentenced by U.S. District
Judge Kenneth Ryskamp in West Palm Beach. No sentencing date was set.

The plot, which added further drama to Goodman's trial, unraveled almost as
quickly as it began. Kampsen, who played for Goodman's polo team, was best known
during the trial as the owner of a "man cave" where Goodman claimed he guzzled
alcohol after the fatal crash as an explanation of why his blood-alcohol level
had skyrocketed.

Shortly after Kampsen testified, he received a text message, asking if he could
get a message to his friend "John." The anonymous person claimed he had a
relative on the jury. He asked for $500,000 upfront and an additional $500,000
if the jury couldn't reach a verdict. If his relative convinced the jury to
acquit Goodman, the caller said, he wanted an additional $1 million.

Shortly after he began receiving the text messages, Kampsen contacted private
investigator Patrick McKenna, who was working for Goodman's defense team, to
help him identify the person sending them. With a deadline to drop off the cash
approaching, Kampsen turned the phone over to Palm Beach County sheriff's
deputies, who continued sending texts, posing as Kampsen.

Eventually, the deputies agreed to a payoff meeting with Perron at the Hilton
Garden Hotel near the Albany airport, where he was arrested. Officials said they
found no evidence linking Perron to any of the jurors.

jmusgrave@pbpost.com

on twitter

Get live updates from Palm Beach County courtrooms at @pbcourts

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 11, 2003 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

ON STAGE AND OFF

BYLINE:  By Jesse McKinley

SECTION: Section E; Part 1; Column 3; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend Desk; Pg.
2

LENGTH: 1038 words


Singing For a Tony

With a little less than a month to go before the deadline for Tony Award
eligibility -- May 7 -- some dandy races are already shaping up, including a
battle for best revival of a musical.

With reviews still to come for two contenders, it's almost impossible to
handicap the race, but the revival award will doubtless involve three
productions with big names and big bucks. The first is "La Boheme," Baz
Luhrmann's Puccini spectacle, which opened to a blaze of hype at the Broadway
Theater in December. That show received good reviews, but its hot sales have
slackened. "La Boheme" is likely to be in a showdown with "Gypsy," opening on
May 1, and "Nine," which opened last night. (Review, Page 1 of Weekend.)

On paper each has its pluses and minuses. The toughest sell of the bunch would
seem to be "La Boheme," which as always has the problem of being a) an opera, b)
in Italian and c) an opera in Italian. Mr. Lurhmann's fanciful take on "La
Boheme" -- reset in the 1950's with a young, handsome, unknown cast -- went over
well with critics. But Tony voters -- some 720 producers, theater owners and
other theater professionals from across the country -- can be a somewhat stodgy
lot, and while experimentation is encouraged, it isn't often rewarded.

That said, if anyone in the world can sway voters, it is Mr. Luhrmann, who
practically coined the word charm. He was back in town this week from Morocco,
where he has been scouting locations for "Alexander the Great," with Leonardo
DiCaprio and Nicole Kidman. He was making the media rounds with his chief
designer and wife, Catherine Martin.

"Gyspy," meanwhile, is just the type of show voters love to celebrate: a
Broadway classic with a bona-fide Broadway star (Bernadette Peters). Like "La
Boheme," the production is headed by a star director, Sam Mendes, who won praise
in 1998 for "Cabaret." The $7.5 million production is also playing at the
marquee theater of the Shubert Organization, whose officials still hold sway
over a lot of votes.

The show has also been selling briskly, having brought in more than $600,000 in
just seven performances last week. But the fever of anticipation can easily
break. In which case, voters can be mighty nasty. Recall that last year the
odds-on favorite to win best musical revival was "Oklahoma!," another American
classic reconceived by a Briton (Trevor Nunn), which disappointed critics and
eventually lost the revival award to "Into the Woods." The Internet innuendo and
tabloid sniping about "Gyspy" has already begun, even though critics won't see
the production for two and a half weeks.

Then of course there's "Nine," which has been relatively quiet on the hype front
but which opened last night after a steady murmur of good buzz. Like "Gypsy" the
show has big stars (Antonio Banderas, Chita Rivera, Jane Krakowski), and like
"La Boheme" it has a hip sheen provided by a -- yep -- British director (David
Leveaux). Yet of the three biggies, its probably the least known; whether
today's reviews change that remains to be seen.

Then again, maybe there will be a huge surprise and "Flower Drum Song" or "Man
of La Mancha" will run away with it. Then again, maybe not.

Some Un-Revivals

Primary Stages, which is about to move into a snazzy new theater on East 59th
Street, has three new plays scheduled for next season, two by big names and one
by a name to watch.

The first show is the New York premiere of A. R. Gurney's "Strictly Academic," a
comedy about a theater whose unorthodox artistic director has struck upon an
intriguing way of putting audiences into the seats. (And it's not a post-show
talkback.) After that comes a world premiere by Terrence McNally, "The Stendahl
Syndrome," which consists of two related short plays, "Full Frontal Nudity" and
"Prelude and Liebestod." The first focuses on three tourists in Florence; the
second involves a mightily depressed orchestra conductor. The final entry is
"Boy," by the young playwright Julie Jordan, who has not one, not two, not
three, but four plays scheduled for New York next season. The others are "Summer
of the Swans," at the Lucille Lortel; "Tatiana in Color" at the Culture Project;
and "Three and a Half Catholics," at the Ontological Theater.

Making a Play Her Own

Mary-Louise Parker knows Craig Lucas's play "Reckless" better than most
actresses. As a teenager she saw the original 1983 production, and in 1995 she
appeared in the film adaptation as Pooty, the deaf (or is she?) friend of the
play's heroine.

Now Ms. Parker, who won a Tony in 2001 for her performance in "Proof," is
returning to the scene of the crime, this time as Rachel, a middle-of-the-road
wife whose husband puts a contract out on her life. (Mia Farrow played the role
in the movie.) The production will be part of Second Stage's 25th anniversary
season, which begins in September.

Ms. Parker, who has been in Los Angeles shooting "The West Wing," said she first
worried she wouldn't be able to shake the memory of previous actresses in the
role. "I was worried I wouldn't be able to get someone else's voice out of my
head, and at first I couldn't," Ms. Parker said. "But then I began to get my own
rhythm in it."

Still, Ms. Parker, who is an old friend of Mr. Lucas (and starred in his
"Prelude to a Kiss" Off Broadway) as well as of the director, Mark Brokaw, held
off on the final decision until she did a reading of the play last month. "I
said, 'If it's awful I won't go any further,' " she recalled. "But I felt so
happy reading Craig's language again. He can take, 'Yeah, uh-huh, O.K.," and
turn it into poetry."

Along the Way

*Musical chairs at "The Producers." Brad Oscar, who plays Max, leaves April 27;
he'll be replaced by Lewis J. Stadlen, whose been on tour with the show. Roger
Bart, who plays Leo Bloom, leaves May 18; he'll be replaced by Don Stephenson.
Gary Beach, who won a Tony as Roger De Bris, leaves for the Los Angeles
production of the show on April 24; he'll be replaced by John Treacy Egan, who
is currently playing Franz Liebkind. There will be a quiz.

*"American Magic," a surreal Off-Broadway drama by Gil Kofman featuring original
music by Lee Ranaldo from the New York band Sonic Youth, opens May 8 at Altered
Stages (212 West 29th Street).

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mary-Louise Parker, who is going ahead with Craig Lucas's
"Reckless." (Jon Kopaloff/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              626 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

$2.5M for TV ads to sway voters:

SECTION: POLITICAL_; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 327 words


$2.5M for TV ads to sway voters:

An Illinois group that wants to prevent transportation funds from being diverted
elsewhere has spent about $2.5 million in television advertising to persuade
voters to approve their idea. Figures released Thursday by the Center for Public
Integrity show that Citizens to Protect Transportation Funding has spent the
money to air their ads nearly 1,300 times this election cycle. Since 2003, an
estimated $6.8 billion in transportation funds generated by tolls, license fees
and the gas tax have been used by state government for other things. That's
according to the Transportation for Illinois Coalition.

Agency wants more rail info:

The federal Surface Transportation Board wants more information about a proposal
for a 278-mile rail line from Indiana to Wisconsin aimed at relieving
Chicago-area freight congestion. The Times of Northwest Indiana reports the
agency wants to know how many trains would run on the proposed Great Lakes Basin
Railroad. It also wants more details on its planned connection to the South
Shore Freight Railroad. In letters dated Sept. 9 and Oct. 11, the board's Office
of Environmental Analysis detailed eight additional topics on which it wants
more information than was provided in the railroad's plans, including the
average speed at which trains would travel and the average length of trains. The
information is needed for a draft environmental impact statement.

Chicago to offer municipal IDs:

Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel's 2017 budget includes $1 million for a program to
provide identification to people who have trouble getting official photo ID
cards. Emanuel and Chicago City Clerk Susana Mendoza announced the municipal ID
program's launch Wednesday. The ID would be available to all Chicago residents,
granting them access to city services, cultural institutions and programs.
Undocumented immigrants, the homeless and people who've served time in prison
often have trouble getting photo ID cards.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              627 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Brantford Expositor

                            February 10, 2017 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Power Wagon flexes its muscles; First Drive: 2017 Ram 2500 Power Wagon

BYLINE: Lesley Wimbush, Brantford Expositor

SECTION: DRIVING; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 1023  words

DATELINE: VALLEY OF FIRE, Nevada


We're only 80 kilometres northeast of Las Vegas, but the contrast is startling.
Deep in the heart of the Mojave Desert, the striated cliffs, twisted rock
formations and vast blue sky are the perfect antidote to the tawdry lights of
the Vegas strip.

The deep canyons and great shifting sand dunes provide a terrific playground for
evaluating the rock-crawling prowess of the latest Ram Power Wagon. Its name is
derived, of course, from the iconic Dodge Power Wagon, introduced in 1946 as a
weapons carrier and the world's first 4x4 pickup truck. The badge was
resurrected in 2005 for special hardcore off-road versions of the Ram.

While the important mechanical bits in the 2017 Power Wagon remain unchanged, it
returns with a tough new exterior more fitting for a brawny rock-crawler. Where
the previous model was festooned with far too much brightwork for a serious
off-roader, the new design eschews gaudy chrome in favour of blacked-out grille,
a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips, rugged wheel arches, and black mirror
caps with matching wheels.

The interior gets some exclusive Power Wagon badging, an optional black
headliner and tire treadthemed seat inserts. Splashy side graphics give way to
two-tone paint with black or silver decals.

It certainly looks the part of dedicated rock-crawler. And underneath the macho
exterior is an arsenal of off-road equipment that leads Fiat Chrysler to claim
the Power Wagon is "the most capable truck in Canada." This includes complete
under-chassis armour, Bilstein mono-tube shocks, five-link coil rear suspension,
electronic disconnecting sway bar, electric locking front and rear
differentials, 33-inch Goodyear off-road tires and a 12,000-pound Warn winch up
front.

The Power Wagon boasts 363 millimetres (14.3 inches) of clearance, 660 mm (26
inches) of wheel travel and 762 mm (30 inches) of water fording. Approach angle
is 34 degrees, departure 23.5 and breakover angle 25.5.

It's powered by the 6.4-litre Hemi V8 engine, with 410 horsepower and 429
pound-feet of torque. (Unfortunately there's no Cummins diesel option, because
there's no room behind the Warn winch for an intercooler.) The engine is mated
to a heavy duty sixspeed automatic transmission, and while the driveline lacks
the prodigious torque of the Cummins diesel, it's plenty powerful enough for
even the most gruelling climbs.

As any hardcore off-roader knows, the secret to clambering over enormous
obstacles and inching up jagged cliffs lies in suspension articulation. Simply
put, it's the vehicle's ability to keep all four wheels in contact with the
ground, regardless of how rough the terrain. Many trail enthusiasts remove the
sway bar to get more flex, but the downside is a truck that wallows and rolls
when they leave the trail for everyday roads.

Getting to Fire Valley entailed nearly two hours of highway driving, over which
the Ram exhibited solid handling with very little roll. Potholes and washboard
pavement were nicely absorbed by the suspension damping, with little intrusion
into the cabin.

The secret to the Power Wagon's versatility lies in its "Ram Articulink" front
suspension setup, which uses high-movement joints between the control arm and
axle mount for more flexibility and up to 660 mm (26 inches) of vertical wheel
movement.

Instead of stopping at the trail head and grabbing the tool box, the Power Wagon
lets you disconnect the sway bar from inside the truck by simply pushing a
button. The class-exclusive, electronically disconnecting "smart bar" allows the
front axle to move independently of the frame, which of course lets the truck
flex over large obstacles while keeping rubber on the ground.

In the rear, the Power Wagon has the same multi-link coil rear suspension used
by all Ram 2500 HD trucks. Its advantages over traditional leaf springs include
less unsprung mass, better articulation and less shuddering over rough surfaces
from undesirable axle rotation.

Most of the sandy roads required only 4WD. But when our way became strewn with
large boulders and deeply rutted tracks, we switched over to 4LO, which allowed
us to climb steep hills quite effortlessly. The truck's hilldescent control
system allowed us to set a steady speed downward without touching the throttle
or brake pedal.

Fire Valley's name is derived from the deep red sandstone of its canyons, and
erosion has sculpted some unique rock formations which we had to circumnavigate
or clamber over. Using the dashmounted sway-bar disconnect frees up the front
wheels, giving them a greater range of movement to climb over even enormous
boulders and slabs of rock. The beefy treads of the Goodyear Wrangler tires find
purchase on the smooth stone as we inch our way upward. Although there's the
occasional wince-inducing clang of metal hitting rock, the Power Wagon's
underside is generously protected by steel armour. It's a bit surreal seeing
such a long, heavy vehicle undulating and inching upward on such rugged terrain.

Fiat Chrysler says the new Power Wagon is the most capable off-road truck in
Canada, a lofty claim that will have Ford F-150 Raptor owners throwing down the
gauntlet. While there's a lot of overlap between the two vehicles, the Raptor is
a highspeed desert racer, able to launch itself off sand dunes, and the Power
Wagon is a tough, brawny rockcrawler with a 685-kilogram (1,510-pound) payload
and the ability to tow 4,550 kg (10,030 lbs) of gear to the trail site.

Its 5,445-kg (12,000-lb) electric winch comes in handy for extricating those
unfortunates who find themselves stuck or, as we found out, upside down. Using a
steep rock face to flip over a caged Toyota 4Runner, the Ram folks demonstrated
how quickly the Power Wagon was able to winch the 4Runner away from the wall and
back over onto its wheels.

In addition to the Class 5 receiver hitch, the Ram Power Wagon comes with an
optional cargo-view camera for monitoring payload, and a tailgate-mounted
rear-view camera.

The 2017 Ram Power Wagon is available in Canadian dealerships now, starting at
$58,945 and available with a Leather and Luxury package ($4,995). !@COPYRIGHT=©
2017 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Driving. Canadian Press; (See hardcopy for photo);;  (See hardcopy for
photo);;  (See hardcopy for photo);;  (See hardcopy for photo);

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2017 Brantford Expositor
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Belleville Intelligencer

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Power Wagon flexes its muscles; First Drive: 2017 Ram 2500 Power Wagon

BYLINE: Lesley Wimbush, The Belleville Intelligencer

SECTION: DRIVING; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 1023  words

DATELINE: VALLEY OF FIRE, Nevada


We're only 80 kilometres northeast of Las Vegas, but the contrast is startling.
Deep in the heart of the Mojave Desert, the striated cliffs, twisted rock
formations and vast blue sky are the perfect antidote to the tawdry lights of
the Vegas strip.

The deep canyons and great shifting sand dunes provide a terrific playground for
evaluating the rock-crawling prowess of the latest Ram Power Wagon. Its name is
derived, of course, from the iconic Dodge Power Wagon, introduced in 1946 as a
weapons carrier and the world's first 4x4 pickup truck. The badge was
resurrected in 2005 for special hardcore off-road versions of the Ram.

While the important mechanical bits in the 2017 Power Wagon remain unchanged, it
returns with a tough new exterior more fitting for a brawny rock-crawler. Where
the previous model was festooned with far too much brightwork for a serious
off-roader, the new design eschews gaudy chrome in favour of blacked-out grille,
a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips, rugged wheel arches, and black mirror
caps with matching wheels.

The interior gets some exclusive Power Wagon badging, an optional black
headliner and tire treadthemed seat inserts. Splashy side graphics give way to
two-tone paint with black or silver decals.

It certainly looks the part of dedicated rock-crawler. And underneath the macho
exterior is an arsenal of off-road equipment that leads Fiat Chrysler to claim
the Power Wagon is "the most capable truck in Canada." This includes complete
under-chassis armour, Bilstein mono-tube shocks, five-link coil rear suspension,
electronic disconnecting sway bar, electric locking front and rear
differentials, 33-inch Goodyear off-road tires and a 12,000-pound Warn winch up
front.

The Power Wagon boasts 363 millimetres (14.3 inches) of clearance, 660 mm (26
inches) of wheel travel and 762 mm (30 inches) of water fording. Approach angle
is 34 degrees, departure 23.5 and breakover angle 25.5.

It's powered by the 6.4-litre Hemi V8 engine, with 410 horsepower and 429
pound-feet of torque. (Unfortunately there's no Cummins diesel option, because
there's no room behind the Warn winch for an intercooler.) The engine is mated
to a heavy duty sixspeed automatic transmission, and while the driveline lacks
the prodigious torque of the Cummins diesel, it's plenty powerful enough for
even the most gruelling climbs.

As any hardcore off-roader knows, the secret to clambering over enormous
obstacles and inching up jagged cliffs lies in suspension articulation. Simply
put, it's the vehicle's ability to keep all four wheels in contact with the
ground, regardless of how rough the terrain. Many trail enthusiasts remove the
sway bar to get more flex, but the downside is a truck that wallows and rolls
when they leave the trail for everyday roads.

Getting to Fire Valley entailed nearly two hours of highway driving, over which
the Ram exhibited solid handling with very little roll. Potholes and washboard
pavement were nicely absorbed by the suspension damping, with little intrusion
into the cabin.

The secret to the Power Wagon's versatility lies in its "Ram Articulink" front
suspension setup, which uses high-movement joints between the control arm and
axle mount for more flexibility and up to 660 mm (26 inches) of vertical wheel
movement.

Instead of stopping at the trail head and grabbing the tool box, the Power Wagon
lets you disconnect the sway bar from inside the truck by simply pushing a
button. The class-exclusive, electronically disconnecting "smart bar" allows the
front axle to move independently of the frame, which of course lets the truck
flex over large obstacles while keeping rubber on the ground.

In the rear, the Power Wagon has the same multi-link coil rear suspension used
by all Ram 2500 HD trucks. Its advantages over traditional leaf springs include
less unsprung mass, better articulation and less shuddering over rough surfaces
from undesirable axle rotation.

Most of the sandy roads required only 4WD. But when our way became strewn with
large boulders and deeply rutted tracks, we switched over to 4LO, which allowed
us to climb steep hills quite effortlessly. The truck's hilldescent control
system allowed us to set a steady speed downward without touching the throttle
or brake pedal.

Fire Valley's name is derived from the deep red sandstone of its canyons, and
erosion has sculpted some unique rock formations which we had to circumnavigate
or clamber over. Using the dashmounted sway-bar disconnect frees up the front
wheels, giving them a greater range of movement to climb over even enormous
boulders and slabs of rock. The beefy treads of the Goodyear Wrangler tires find
purchase on the smooth stone as we inch our way upward. Although there's the
occasional wince-inducing clang of metal hitting rock, the Power Wagon's
underside is generously protected by steel armour. It's a bit surreal seeing
such a long, heavy vehicle undulating and inching upward on such rugged terrain.

Fiat Chrysler says the new Power Wagon is the most capable off-road truck in
Canada, a lofty claim that will have Ford F-150 Raptor owners throwing down the
gauntlet. While there's a lot of overlap between the two vehicles, the Raptor is
a highspeed desert racer, able to launch itself off sand dunes, and the Power
Wagon is a tough, brawny rockcrawler with a 685-kilogram (1,510-pound) payload
and the ability to tow 4,550 kg (10,030 lbs) of gear to the trail site.

Its 5,445-kg (12,000-lb) electric winch comes in handy for extricating those
unfortunates who find themselves stuck or, as we found out, upside down. Using a
steep rock face to flip over a caged Toyota 4Runner, the Ram folks demonstrated
how quickly the Power Wagon was able to winch the 4Runner away from the wall and
back over onto its wheels.

In addition to the Class 5 receiver hitch, the Ram Power Wagon comes with an
optional cargo-view camera for monitoring payload, and a tailgate-mounted
rear-view camera.

The 2017 Ram Power Wagon is available in Canadian dealerships now, starting at
$58,945 and available with a Leather and Luxury package ($4,995). !@COPYRIGHT=©
2017 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Driving.Ca; (See hardcopy for photo);;  (See hardcopy for photo);;
(See hardcopy for photo);;  (See hardcopy for photo);

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2017 Belleville Intelligencer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Kingston Whig-Standard

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Power Wagon flexes its muscles; First Drive: 2017 Ram 2500 Power Wagon

BYLINE: Lesley Wimbush, The Whig-Standard

SECTION: DRIVING; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 1023  words

DATELINE: VALLEY OF FIRE, Nevada


We're only 80 kilometres northeast of Las Vegas, but the contrast is startling.
Deep in the heart of the Mojave Desert, the striated cliffs, twisted rock
formations and vast blue sky are the perfect antidote to the tawdry lights of
the Vegas strip.

The deep canyons and great shifting sand dunes provide a terrific playground for
evaluating the rock-crawling prowess of the latest Ram Power Wagon. Its name is
derived, of course, from the iconic Dodge Power Wagon, introduced in 1946 as a
weapons carrier and the world's first 4x4 pickup truck. The badge was
resurrected in 2005 for special hardcore off-road versions of the Ram.

While the important mechanical bits in the 2017 Power Wagon remain unchanged, it
returns with a tough new exterior more fitting for a brawny rock-crawler. Where
the previous model was festooned with far too much brightwork for a serious
off-roader, the new design eschews gaudy chrome in favour of blacked-out grille,
a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips, rugged wheel arches, and black mirror
caps with matching wheels.

The interior gets some exclusive Power Wagon badging, an optional black
headliner and tire treadthemed seat inserts. Splashy side graphics give way to
two-tone paint with black or silver decals.

It certainly looks the part of dedicated rock-crawler. And underneath the macho
exterior is an arsenal of off-road equipment that leads Fiat Chrysler to claim
the Power Wagon is "the most capable truck in Canada." This includes complete
under-chassis armour, Bilstein mono-tube shocks, five-link coil rear suspension,
electronic disconnecting sway bar, electric locking front and rear
differentials, 33-inch Goodyear off-road tires and a 12,000-pound Warn winch up
front.

The Power Wagon boasts 363 millimetres (14.3 inches) of clearance, 660 mm (26
inches) of wheel travel and 762 mm (30 inches) of water fording. Approach angle
is 34 degrees, departure 23.5 and breakover angle 25.5.

It's powered by the 6.4-litre Hemi V8 engine, with 410 horsepower and 429
pound-feet of torque. (Unfortunately there's no Cummins diesel option, because
there's no room behind the Warn winch for an intercooler.) The engine is mated
to a heavy duty sixspeed automatic transmission, and while the driveline lacks
the prodigious torque of the Cummins diesel, it's plenty powerful enough for
even the most gruelling climbs.

As any hardcore off-roader knows, the secret to clambering over enormous
obstacles and inching up jagged cliffs lies in suspension articulation. Simply
put, it's the vehicle's ability to keep all four wheels in contact with the
ground, regardless of how rough the terrain. Many trail enthusiasts remove the
sway bar to get more flex, but the downside is a truck that wallows and rolls
when they leave the trail for everyday roads.

Getting to Fire Valley entailed nearly two hours of highway driving, over which
the Ram exhibited solid handling with very little roll. Potholes and washboard
pavement were nicely absorbed by the suspension damping, with little intrusion
into the cabin.

The secret to the Power Wagon's versatility lies in its "Ram Articulink" front
suspension setup, which uses high-movement joints between the control arm and
axle mount for more flexibility and up to 660 mm (26 inches) of vertical wheel
movement.

Instead of stopping at the trail head and grabbing the tool box, the Power Wagon
lets you disconnect the sway bar from inside the truck by simply pushing a
button. The class-exclusive, electronically disconnecting "smart bar" allows the
front axle to move independently of the frame, which of course lets the truck
flex over large obstacles while keeping rubber on the ground.

In the rear, the Power Wagon has the same multi-link coil rear suspension used
by all Ram 2500 HD trucks. Its advantages over traditional leaf springs include
less unsprung mass, better articulation and less shuddering over rough surfaces
from undesirable axle rotation.

Most of the sandy roads required only 4WD. But when our way became strewn with
large boulders and deeply rutted tracks, we switched over to 4LO, which allowed
us to climb steep hills quite effortlessly. The truck's hilldescent control
system allowed us to set a steady speed downward without touching the throttle
or brake pedal.

Fire Valley's name is derived from the deep red sandstone of its canyons, and
erosion has sculpted some unique rock formations which we had to circumnavigate
or clamber over. Using the dashmounted sway-bar disconnect frees up the front
wheels, giving them a greater range of movement to climb over even enormous
boulders and slabs of rock. The beefy treads of the Goodyear Wrangler tires find
purchase on the smooth stone as we inch our way upward. Although there's the
occasional wince-inducing clang of metal hitting rock, the Power Wagon's
underside is generously protected by steel armour. It's a bit surreal seeing
such a long, heavy vehicle undulating and inching upward on such rugged terrain.

Fiat Chrysler says the new Power Wagon is the most capable off-road truck in
Canada, a lofty claim that will have Ford F-150 Raptor owners throwing down the
gauntlet. While there's a lot of overlap between the two vehicles, the Raptor is
a highspeed desert racer, able to launch itself off sand dunes, and the Power
Wagon is a tough, brawny rockcrawler with a 685-kilogram (1,510-pound) payload
and the ability to tow 4,550 kg (10,030 lbs) of gear to the trail site.

Its 5,445-kg (12,000-lb) electric winch comes in handy for extricating those
unfortunates who find themselves stuck or, as we found out, upside down. Using a
steep rock face to flip over a caged Toyota 4Runner, the Ram folks demonstrated
how quickly the Power Wagon was able to winch the 4Runner away from the wall and
back over onto its wheels.

In addition to the Class 5 receiver hitch, the Ram Power Wagon comes with an
optional cargo-view camera for monitoring payload, and a tailgate-mounted
rear-view camera.

The 2017 Ram Power Wagon is available in Canadian dealerships now, starting at
$58,945 and available with a Leather and Luxury package ($4,995). !@COPYRIGHT=©
2017 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Driving.Ca; (See hardcopy for photo);;  (See hardcopy for photo);;
(See hardcopy for photo);;  (See hardcopy for photo);

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 Kingston Whig-Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Northumberland Today.com

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Power Wagon flexes its muscles; First Drive: 2017 Ram 2500 Power Wagon

BYLINE: Lesley Wimbush, Northumberland Today.Com

SECTION: DRIVING; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 1012  words

DATELINE: VALLEY OF FIRE, Nevada


We're only 80 kilometres northeast of Las Vegas, but the contrast is startling.
Deep in the heart of the Mojave Desert, the striated cliffs, twisted rock
formations and vast blue sky are the perfect antidote to the tawdry lights of
the Vegas strip.

The deep canyons and great shifting sand dunes provide a terrific playground for
evaluating the rock-crawling prowess of the latest Ram Power Wagon. Its name is
derived, of course, from the iconic Dodge Power Wagon, introduced in 1946 as a
weapons carrier and the world's first 4x4 pickup truck. The badge was
resurrected in 2005 for special hardcore off-road versions of the Ram.

While the important mechanical bits in the 2017 Power Wagon remain unchanged, it
returns with a tough new exterior more fitting for a brawny rock-crawler. Where
the previous model was festooned with far too much brightwork for a serious
off-roader, the new design eschews gaudy chrome in favour of blacked-out grille,
a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips, rugged wheel arches, and black mirror
caps with matching wheels.

The interior gets some exclusive Power Wagon badging, an optional black
headliner and tire treadthemed seat inserts. Splashy side graphics give way to
two-tone paint with black or silver decals.

It certainly looks the part of dedicated rock-crawler. And underneath the macho
exterior is an arsenal of off-road equipment that leads Fiat Chrysler to claim
the Power Wagon is "the most capable truck in Canada." This includes complete
under-chassis armour, Bilstein mono-tube shocks, five-link coil rear suspension,
electronic disconnecting sway bar, electric locking front and rear
differentials, 33-inch Goodyear off-road tires and a 12,000-pound Warn winch up
front.

The Power Wagon boasts 363 millimetres (14.3 inches) of clearance, 660 mm (26
inches) of wheel travel and 762 mm (30 inches) of water fording. Approach angle
is 34 degrees, departure 23.5 and breakover angle 25.5.

It's powered by the 6.4-litre Hemi V8 engine, with 410 horsepower and 429
pound-feet of torque. (Unfortunately there's no Cummins diesel option, because
there's no room behind the Warn winch for an intercooler.) The engine is mated
to a heavy duty sixspeed automatic transmission, and while the driveline lacks
the prodigious torque of the Cummins diesel, it's plenty powerful enough for
even the most gruelling climbs.

As any hardcore off-roader knows, the secret to clambering over enormous
obstacles and inching up jagged cliffs lies in suspension articulation. Simply
put, it's the vehicle's ability to keep all four wheels in contact with the
ground, regardless of how rough the terrain. Many trail enthusiasts remove the
sway bar to get more flex, but the downside is a truck that wallows and rolls
when they leave the trail for everyday roads.

Getting to Fire Valley entailed nearly two hours of highway driving, over which
the Ram exhibited solid handling with very little roll. Potholes and washboard
pavement were nicely absorbed by the suspension damping, with little intrusion
into the cabin.

The secret to the Power Wagon's versatility lies in its "Ram Articulink" front
suspension setup, which uses high-movement joints between the control arm and
axle mount for more flexibility and up to 660 mm (26 inches) of vertical wheel
movement.

Instead of stopping at the trail head and grabbing the tool box, the Power Wagon
lets you disconnect the sway bar from inside the truck by simply pushing a
button. The class-exclusive, electronically disconnecting "smart bar" allows the
front axle to move independently of the frame, which of course lets the truck
flex over large obstacles while keeping rubber on the ground.

In the rear, the Power Wagon has the same multi-link coil rear suspension used
by all Ram 2500 HD trucks. Its advantages over traditional leaf springs include
less unsprung mass, better articulation and less shuddering over rough surfaces
from undesirable axle rotation.

Most of the sandy roads required only 4WD. But when our way became strewn with
large boulders and deeply rutted tracks, we switched over to 4LO, which allowed
us to climb steep hills quite effortlessly. The truck's hilldescent control
system allowed us to set a steady speed downward without touching the throttle
or brake pedal.

Fire Valley's name is derived from the deep red sandstone of its canyons, and
erosion has sculpted some unique rock formations which we had to circumnavigate
or clamber over. Using the dashmounted sway-bar disconnect frees up the front
wheels, giving them a greater range of movement to climb over even enormous
boulders and slabs of rock. The beefy treads of the Goodyear Wrangler tires find
purchase on the smooth stone as we inch our way upward. Although there's the
occasional wince-inducing clang of metal hitting rock, the Power Wagon's
underside is generously protected by steel armour. It's a bit surreal seeing
such a long, heavy vehicle undulating and inching upward on such rugged terrain.

Fiat Chrysler says the new Power Wagon is the most capable off-road truck in
Canada, a lofty claim that will have Ford F-150 Raptor owners throwing down the
gauntlet. While there's a lot of overlap between the two vehicles, the Raptor is
a highspeed desert racer, able to launch itself off sand dunes, and the Power
Wagon is a tough, brawny rockcrawler with a 685-kilogram (1,510-pound) payload
and the ability to tow 4,550 kg (10,030 lbs) of gear to the trail site.

Its 5,445-kg (12,000-lb) electric winch comes in handy for extricating those
unfortunates who find themselves stuck or, as we found out, upside down. Using a
steep rock face to flip over a caged Toyota 4Runner, the Ram folks demonstrated
how quickly the Power Wagon was able to winch the 4Runner away from the wall and
back over onto its wheels.

In addition to the Class 5 receiver hitch, the Ram Power Wagon comes with an
optional cargo-view camera for monitoring payload, and a tailgate-mounted
rear-view camera.

The 2017 Ram Power Wagon is available in Canadian dealerships now, starting at
$58,945 and available with a Leather and Luxury package ($4,995).

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Driving.Ca; (See hardcopy for photo);;  (See hardcopy for photo);;
(See hardcopy for photo);;  (See hardcopy for photo);

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2017 Northumberland Today.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Owen Sound Sun Times

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Power Wagon flexes its muscles; First Drive: 2017 Ram 2500 Power Wagon

SECTION: DRIVING; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 1023  words

DATELINE: VALLEY OF FIRE, Nevada


We're only 80 kilometres northeast of Las Vegas, but the contrast is startling.
Deep in the heart of the Mojave Desert, the striated cliffs, twisted rock
formations and vast blue sky are the perfect antidote to the tawdry lights of
the Vegas strip.

The deep canyons and great shifting sand dunes provide a terrific playground for
evaluating the rock-crawling prowess of the latest Ram Power Wagon. Its name is
derived, of course, from the iconic Dodge Power Wagon, introduced in 1946 as a
weapons carrier and the world's first 4x4 pickup truck. The badge was
resurrected in 2005 for special hardcore off-road versions of the Ram.

While the important mechanical bits in the 2017 Power Wagon remain unchanged, it
returns with a tough new exterior more fitting for a brawny rock-crawler. Where
the previous model was festooned with far too much brightwork for a serious
off-roader, the new design eschews gaudy chrome in favour of blacked-out grille,
a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips, rugged wheel arches, and black mirror
caps with matching wheels.

The interior gets some exclusive Power Wagon badging, an optional black
headliner and tire treadthemed seat inserts. Splashy side graphics give way to
two-tone paint with black or silver decals.

It certainly looks the part of dedicated rock-crawler. And underneath the macho
exterior is an arsenal of off-road equipment that leads Fiat Chrysler to claim
the Power Wagon is "the most capable truck in Canada." This includes complete
under-chassis armour, Bilstein mono-tube shocks, five-link coil rear suspension,
electronic disconnecting sway bar, electric locking front and rear
differentials, 33-inch Goodyear offroad tires and a 12,000-pound Warn winch up
front.

The Power Wagon boasts 363 millimetres (14.3 inches) of clearance, 660 mm (26
inches) of wheel travel and 762 mm (30 inches) of water fording. Approach angle
is 34 degrees, departure 23.5 and breakover angle 25.5.

It's powered by the 6.4-litre Hemi V8 engine, with 410 horsepower and 429
pound-feet of torque. (Unfortunately there's no Cummins diesel option, because
there's no room behind the Warn winch for an intercooler.) The engine is mated
to a heavy duty six-speed automatic transmission, and while the driveline lacks
the prodigious torque of the Cummins diesel, it's plenty powerful enough for
even the most gruelling climbs.

As any hardcore off-roader knows, the secret to clambering over enormous
obstacles and inching up jagged cliffs lies in suspension articulation. Simply
put, it's the vehicle's ability to keep all four wheels in contact with the
ground, regardless of how rough the terrain. Many trail enthusiasts remove the
sway bar to get more flex, but the downside is a truck that wallows and rolls
when they leave the trail for everyday roads.

Getting to Fire Valley entailed nearly two hours of highway driving, over which
the Ram exhibited solid handling with very little roll. Potholes and washboard
pavement were nicely absorbed by the suspension damping, with little intrusion
into the cabin.

The secret to the Power Wagon's versatility lies in its "Ram Articulink" front
suspension setup, which uses high-movement joints between the control arm and
axle mount for more flexibility and up to 660 mm (26 inches) of vertical wheel
movement.

Instead of stopping at the trail head and grabbing the tool box, the Power Wagon
lets you disconnect the sway bar from inside the truck by simply pushing a
button. The class-exclusive, electronically disconnecting "smart bar" allows the
front axle to move independently of the frame, which of course lets the truck
flex over large obstacles while keeping rubber on the ground.

In the rear, the Power Wagon has the same multi-link coil rear suspension used
by all Ram 2500 HD trucks. Its advantages over traditional leaf springs include
less unsprung mass, better articulation and less shuddering over rough surfaces
from undesirable axle rotation.

Most of the sandy roads required only 4WD. But when our way became strewn with
large boulders and deeply rutted tracks, we switched over to 4LO, which allowed
us to climb steep hills quite effortlessly. The truck's hill-descent control
system allowed us to set a steady speed downward without touching the throttle
or brake pedal.

Fire Valley's name is derived from the deep red sandstone of its canyons, and
erosion has sculpted some unique rock formations which we had to circumnavigate
or clamber over. Using the dash-mounted sway-bar disconnect frees up the front
wheels, giving them a greater range of movement to climb over even enormous
boulders and slabs of rock. The beefy treads of the Goodyear Wrangler tires find
purchase on the smooth stone as we inch our way upward. Although there's the
occasional wince-inducing clang of metal hitting rock, the Power Wagon's
underside is generously protected by steel armour. It's a bit surreal seeing
such a long, heavy vehicle undulating and inching upward on such rugged terrain.

Fiat Chrysler says the new Power Wagon is the most capable off-road truck in
Canada, a lofty claim that will have Ford F-150 Raptor owners throwing down the
gauntlet. While there's a lot of overlap between the two vehicles, the Raptor is
a highspeed desert racer, able to launch itself off sand dunes, and the Power
Wagon is a tough, brawny rockcrawler with a 685-kilogram (1,510-pound) payload
and the ability to tow 4,550 kg (10,030 lbs) of gear to the trail site.

Its 5,445-kg (12,000-lb) electric winch comes in handy for extricating those
unfortunates who find themselves stuck or, as we found out, upside down. Using a
steep rock face to flip over a caged Toyota 4Runner, the Ram folks demonstrated
how quickly the Power Wagon was able to winch the 4Runner away from the wall and
back over onto its wheels.

In addition to the Class 5 receiver hitch, the Ram Power Wagon comes with an
optional cargo-view camera for monitoring payload, and a tailgate-mounted
rear-view camera.

The 2017 Ram Power Wagon is available in Canadian dealerships now, starting at
$58,945 and available with a Leather and Luxury package ($4,995). !@COPYRIGHT=©
2017 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / (See hardcopy for photo);;  (See hardcopy for photo);;  (See hardcopy
for photo); Driving. Canadian Press/;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Owen Sound Sun Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                North Bay Nugget

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Power Wagon flexes its muscles; First Drive: 2017 Ram 2500 Power Wagon

BYLINE: Lesley Wimbush, North Bay Nugget

SECTION: DRIVING; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1023  words

DATELINE: VALLEY OF FIRE, Nevada


We're only 80 kilometres northeast of Las Vegas, but the contrast is startling.
Deep in the heart of the Mojave Desert, the striated cliffs, twisted rock
formations and vast blue sky are the perfect antidote to the tawdry lights of
the Vegas strip.

The deep canyons and great shifting sand dunes provide a terrific playground for
evaluating the rock-crawling prowess of the latest Ram Power Wagon. Its name is
derived, of course, from the iconic Dodge Power Wagon, introduced in 1946 as a
weapons carrier and the world's first 4x4 pickup truck. The badge was
resurrected in 2005 for special hardcore off-road versions of the Ram.

While the important mechanical bits in the 2017 Power Wagon remain unchanged, it
returns with a tough new exterior more fitting for a brawny rock-crawler. Where
the previous model was festooned with far too much brightwork for a serious
off-roader, the new design eschews gaudy chrome in favour of blacked-out grille,
a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips, rugged wheel arches, and black mirror
caps with matching wheels.

The interior gets some exclusive Power Wagon badging, an optional black
headliner and tire treadthemed seat inserts. Splashy side graphics give way to
two-tone paint with black or silver decals.

It certainly looks the part of dedicated rock-crawler. And underneath the macho
exterior is an arsenal of off-road equipment that leads Fiat Chrysler to claim
the Power Wagon is "the most capable truck in Canada." This includes complete
under-chassis armour, Bilstein mono-tube shocks, five-link coil rear suspension,
electronic disconnecting sway bar, electric locking front and rear
differentials, 33-inch Goodyear off-road tires and a 12,000-pound Warn winch up
front.

The Power Wagon boasts 363 millimetres (14.3 inches) of clearance, 660 mm (26
inches) of wheel travel and 762 mm (30 inches) of water fording. Approach angle
is 34 degrees, departure 23.5 and breakover angle 25.5.

It's powered by the 6.4-litre Hemi V8 engine, with 410 horsepower and 429
pound-feet of torque. (Unfortunately there's no Cummins diesel option, because
there's no room behind the Warn winch for an intercooler.) The engine is mated
to a heavy duty sixspeed automatic transmission, and while the driveline lacks
the prodigious torque of the Cummins diesel, it's plenty powerful enough for
even the most gruelling climbs.

As any hardcore off-roader knows, the secret to clambering over enormous
obstacles and inching up jagged cliffs lies in suspension articulation. Simply
put, it's the vehicle's ability to keep all four wheels in contact with the
ground, regardless of how rough the terrain. Many trail enthusiasts remove the
sway bar to get more flex, but the downside is a truck that wallows and rolls
when they leave the trail for everyday roads.

Getting to Fire Valley entailed nearly two hours of highway driving, over which
the Ram exhibited solid handling with very little roll. Potholes and washboard
pavement were nicely absorbed by the suspension damping, with little intrusion
into the cabin.

The secret to the Power Wagon's versatility lies in its "Ram Articulink" front
suspension setup, which uses high-movement joints between the control arm and
axle mount for more flexibility and up to 660 mm (26 inches) of vertical wheel
movement.

Instead of stopping at the trail head and grabbing the tool box, the Power Wagon
lets you disconnect the sway bar from inside the truck by simply pushing a
button. The class-exclusive, electronically disconnecting "smart bar" allows the
front axle to move independently of the frame, which of course lets the truck
flex over large obstacles while keeping rubber on the ground.

In the rear, the Power Wagon has the same multi-link coil rear suspension used
by all Ram 2500 HD trucks. Its advantages over traditional leaf springs include
less unsprung mass, better articulation and less shuddering over rough surfaces
from undesirable axle rotation.

Most of the sandy roads required only 4WD. But when our way became strewn with
large boulders and deeply rutted tracks, we switched over to 4LO, which allowed
us to climb steep hills quite effortlessly. The truck's hilldescent control
system allowed us to set a steady speed downward without touching the throttle
or brake pedal.

Fire Valley's name is derived from the deep red sandstone of its canyons, and
erosion has sculpted some unique rock formations which we had to circumnavigate
or clamber over. Using the dashmounted sway-bar disconnect frees up the front
wheels, giving them a greater range of movement to climb over even enormous
boulders and slabs of rock. The beefy treads of the Goodyear Wrangler tires find
purchase on the smooth stone as we inch our way upward. Although there's the
occasional wince-inducing clang of metal hitting rock, the Power Wagon's
underside is generously protected by steel armour. It's a bit surreal seeing
such a long, heavy vehicle undulating and inching upward on such rugged terrain.

Fiat Chrysler says the new Power Wagon is the most capable off-road truck in
Canada, a lofty claim that will have Ford F-150 Raptor owners throwing down the
gauntlet. While there's a lot of overlap between the two vehicles, the Raptor is
a highspeed desert racer, able to launch itself off sand dunes, and the Power
Wagon is a tough, brawny rockcrawler with a 685-kilogram (1,510-pound) payload
and the ability to tow 4,550 kg (10,030 lbs) of gear to the trail site.

Its 5,445-kg (12,000-lb) electric winch comes in handy for extricating those
unfortunates who find themselves stuck or, as we found out, upside down. Using a
steep rock face to flip over a caged Toyota 4Runner, the Ram folks demonstrated
how quickly the Power Wagon was able to winch the 4Runner away from the wall and
back over onto its wheels.

In addition to the Class 5 receiver hitch, the Ram Power Wagon comes with an
optional cargo-view camera for monitoring payload, and a tailgate-mounted
rear-view camera.

The 2017 Ram Power Wagon is available in Canadian dealerships now, starting at
$58,945 and available with a Leather and Luxury package ($4,995). !@COPYRIGHT=©
2017 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / (See hardcopy for photo);;  (See hardcopy for photo);;  (See hardcopy
for photo);;  (See hardcopy for photo);

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 North Bay Nugget
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       February 3, 1995 Friday 2D EDITION

San Diego defender tries to sway his mom

BYLINE: John Henderson

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-05

LENGTH: 247 words


BOULDER - Fred Jones, the star defensive lineman from St. Augustine High in San
Diego, may sign with Colorado in the next couple of days, his coach said last
night.

Jones had committed to CU last month but his mother wants him signing with
Illinois and has refused to sign the letter-of-intent. St. Augustine coach Joe
Medina said Jones talks to his mother every night and apparently is making
headway.

"The only thing he said was he could tell his mom was getting tired of it,"
Medina said. "He thinks his mom may sign it just to get it over with."

CU assistant Brian Cabral is in daily contact with Medina as the Joneses have
disconnected their phone. Illinois coaches haven't contacted Medina lately.

The other prospect remaining on CU's board is All-America cornerback Daylon
McCutcheon of Bishop Amat High of La Puente, Calif. CU assistant Jon Embree will
travel to California today to try to sway him away from USC, the party-line
favorite. McCutcheon will announce his decision tomorrow.

Amat alumni who played at USC include quarterback Pat Haden, tailback Mazio
Royster and defensive back Stephon Pace, an assistant at Amat this year.

Receiver Kenny Mitchell of Peoria, Ariz., who committed to CU but signed with
Arizona State, indicated a factor was Hugh Jackson, ASU's new receivers coach
who replaced CU-bound Karl Dorrell.

"He never once pressured me," Mitchell said. "He called the other day to see if
I watched the music awards. That was pretty cool."

LOAD-DATE: February 03, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    March 16, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

At Gunston Theater, Lines That Move

Lisa Traiger

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C09

LENGTH: 329 words


Lucy Bowen McCauley makes smart, sophisticated dances. As a choreographer she
skillfully and readily blurs the line between modern dance and ballet, casting a
spell for her 10 fine dancers to articulate. Her troupe, Bowen McCauley Dance,
presented an evening of works Saturday at Arlington's Gunston Theater.

In the barefoot realm of modern dance, Bowen McCauley not only puts her dancers
in ballet slippers, but in "Hold Sway," a company premiere, she uses pointe
shoes to elevate the three women to an even higher realm. A study setting two
dancers against one, "Hold Sway," uses a brisk, stringent score by Giovanni
Pandolfi that buffets the dancers back and forth in quivering lines. As one
dancer, Suzanne Bryant, strikes a 180-degree arabesque, another strokes her
uplifted leg like the bow of a violin.

"Fivefourone," a second premiere, takes five women through a linear study in
asymmetry. Pianist Laurie Bunn played selections from Jean Sibelius as the
dancers' geometry filled the space with diagonal slashes of arms and legs. A
final movement using jazzy slaps on the hips felt incongruous against the
earlier stricter body choices.

A throwaway piece for three men, "Foot Fetish," plays off the music--Paolo
Conti's "Happy Feet" and J. Scott's "The Way I Walk." The bare-chested, barefoot
men run, skip, skitter, jump, point and flex with their feet while additional
hip and pelvis action eggs the dancers--and audience--on.

The most ambitious work, "Rapture," from 1999, capped the 90-minute program. The
powerful opening statement made by the Brahms Concerto for Piano and Orchestra,
No. 1, propelled the dancers--four women and two men--into expanding and
receding currents of movement. Grace and awkwardness--as in many Bowen McCauley
works--reside side by side. A swooping run leads into a heavy-footed
heel-emphasized walk. Solos, pairs and groups interchange and the theme of
embracing arms carries the piece to its luscious finish.


LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 18, 2000



CORRECTION:
A dancer was misidentified in a March 16 Style review of the Bowen McCauley
Dance troupe. Mary Rodgers Henley was the dancer who struck a 180-degree
arabesque.

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              635 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Tennessee: Sway Into Pink Ballroom Dance

LENGTH: 97  words

DATELINE: Nashville


City of Johnson City, The state of Tennessee has issued the following news
release:

Sway Into Pink Ballroom Dance
Fri, October 17, 7:00pm - 9:30pm
Where
Johnson City Seniors' Center, Bert Street, Johnson City, TN, United States
map
Calendar
Seniors Center
Created by
webmaster@johnsoncitytn.org
Description
Dressy Semi formal dance with Jerry Pierce and the Nightlife Band. Bring a dish
to share. Support breast cancer. Dance the night away. Cost: $5.00

In case of any query regarding this article or other or other content needs
please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            February 10, 2017 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Ram Power Wagon A Brawny Rock-Crawler; Dodge's 2017 edition proves it has plenty
of go-anywhere ability on a ride in Nevada's Valley of Fire, writes Lesley
Wimbush

BYLINE: Lesley Wimbush, Calgary Herald

SECTION: DRIVING; Pg. DR6

LENGTH: 1027 words

DATELINE: VALLEY OF FIRE, NEV.


We're only 80 kilometres northeast of Las Vegas, but the contrast is startling.
Deep in the heart of the Mojave Desert, the striated cliffs, twisted rock
formations and vast blue sky are the perfect antidote to the tawdry lights of
the Vegas strip.

The deep canyons and great shifting sand dunes provide a terrific playground for
evaluating the rock-crawling prowess of the latest Ram Power Wagon. Its name is
derived, of course, from the iconic Dodge Power Wagon, introduced in 1946 as a
weapons carrier and the world's first 4x4 pickup truck. The badge was
resurrected in 2005 for special hardcore off-road versions of the Ram.

While the important mechanical bits in the 2017 Power Wagon remain unchanged, it
returns with a tough new exterior more fitting for a brawny rock-crawler. Where
the previous model was festooned with far too much brightwork for a serious
off-roader, the new design eschews gaudy chrome in favour of blacked-out grille,
a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips, rugged wheel arches, and black mirror
caps with matching wheels.

The interior gets some exclusive Power Wagon badging, an optional black
headliner and tire treadthemed seat inserts. Splashy side graphics give way to
two-tone paint with black or silver decals.

It certainly looks the part of dedicated rock-crawler. And underneath the macho
exterior is an arsenal of off-road equipment that leads Fiat Chrysler to claim
the Power Wagon is "the most capable truck in Canada." This includes complete
under-chassis armour, Bilstein mono-tube shocks, fivelink coil rear suspension,
electronic disconnecting sway bar, electric locking front and rear
differentials, 33-inch Goodyear off-road tires and a 12,000-pound Warn winch up
front.

The Power Wagon boasts 363 millimetres (14.3 inches) of clearance, 660 mm (26
inches) of wheel travel and 762 mm (30 inches) of water fording. Approach angle
is 34 degrees, departure 23.5 and breakover angle 25.5.

It's powered by the 6.4-litre Hemi V8 engine, with 410 horsepower and 429
pound-feet of torque. (Unfortunately there's no Cummins diesel option, because
there's no room behind the Warn winch for an intercooler.) The engine is mated
to a heavy duty six-speed automatic transmission, and while the driveline lacks
the prodigious torque of the Cummins diesel, it's plenty powerful enough for
even the most gruelling climbs.

As any hardcore off-roader knows, the secret to clambering over enormous
obstacles and inching up jagged cliffs lies in suspension articulation. Simply
put, it's the vehicle's ability to keep all four wheels in contact with the
ground, regardless of how rough the terrain. Many trail enthusiasts remove the
sway bar to get more flex, but the downside is a truck that wallows and rolls
when they leave the trail for everyday roads.

Getting to Fire Valley entailed nearly two hours of highway driving, over which
the Ram exhibited solid handling with very little roll. Potholes and washboard
pavement were nicely absorbed by the suspension damping, with little intrusion
into the cabin.

The secret to the Power Wagon's versatility lies in its "Ram Articulink" front
suspension setup, which uses high-movement joints between the control arm and
axle mount for more flexibility and up to 660 mm (26 inches) of vertical wheel
movement.

Instead of stopping at the trail head and grabbing the tool box, the Power Wagon
lets you disconnect the sway bar from inside the truck by simply pushing a
button. The class-exclusive, electronically disconnecting "smart bar" allows the
front axle to move independently of the frame, which of course lets the truck
flex over large obstacles while keeping rubber on the ground.

In the rear, the Power Wagon has the same multi-link coil rear suspension used
by all Ram 2500 HD trucks. Its advantages over traditional leaf springs include
less unsprung mass, better articulation and less shuddering over rough surfaces
from undesirable axle rotation.

Most of the sandy roads required only 4WD. But when our way became strewn with
large boulders and deeply rutted tracks, we switched over to 4LO, which allowed
us to climb steep hills quite effortlessly. The truck's hill-descent control
system allowed us to set a steady speed downward without touching the throttle
or brake pedal.

Fire Valley's name is derived from the deep red sandstone of its canyons, and
erosion has sculpted some of the most unique rock formations which we had to
circumnavigate or clamber over. Using the dashmounted sway-bar disconnect frees
up the front wheels, giving them a greater range of movement to climb over even
enormous boulders and slabs of rock. The beefy treads of the Goodyear Wrangler
tires find purchase on the smooth stone as we inch our way upward. Although
there's the occasional wince-inducing clang of metal hitting rock, the Power
Wagon's underside is generously protected by steel armour. It's a bit surreal
seeing such a long, heavy vehicle undulating and inching upward on such rugged
terrain.

Fiat Chrysler says the new Power Wagon is the most capable off-road truck in
Canada, a lofty claim that will have Ford F-150 Raptor owners throwing down the
gauntlet.

While there's a lot of overlap between the two vehicles, the Raptor is a
high-speed desert racer, able to launch itself off sand dunes, and the Power
Wagon is a tough, brawny rock-crawler with a 685-kilogram (1,510-pound) payload
and the ability to tow 4,550 kg (10,030 lbs) of gear to the trail site.

Its 5,445-kg (12,000-lb) electric winch comes in handy for extricating those
unfortunates who find themselves stuck or, as we found out, upside down. Using a
steep rock face to flip over a caged Toyota 4Runner, the Ram folks demonstrated
how quickly the Power Wagon was able to winch the 4Runner away from the wall and
back over onto its wheels.

In addition to the Class 5 receiver hitch, the Ram Power Wagon comes with an
optional cargo-view camera for monitoring payload, and a tailgate-mounted
rear-view camera.

The 2017 Ram Power Wagon is available in Canadian dealerships now, starting at
$58,945 and available with a Leather and Luxury package ($4,995).

Driving.ca !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lesley Wimbush, Driving; Even without a diesel option, the new Ram
Power Wagon 2500 generates 410 horsepower and 429 pound-feet of torque, powerful
enough for the most gruelling climbs.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            February 10, 2017 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Ram Power Wagon A Brawny Rock-Crawler; Dodge's 2017 edition proves it has plenty
of go-anywhere ability on a ride in Nevada's Valley of Fire, writes Lesley
Wimbush

BYLINE: Lesley Wimbush, Edmonton Journal

SECTION: DRIVING; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 1027 words

DATELINE: VALLEY OF FIRE, NEV


We're only 80 kilometres northeast of Las Vegas, but the contrast is startling.
Deep in the heart of the Mojave Desert, the striated cliffs, twisted rock
formations and vast blue sky are the perfect antidote to the tawdry lights of
the Vegas strip.

The deep canyons and great shifting sand dunes provide a terrific playground for
evaluating the rock-crawling prowess of the latest Ram Power Wagon. Its name is
derived, of course, from the iconic Dodge Power Wagon, introduced in 1946 as a
weapons carrier and the world's first 4x4 pickup truck. The badge was
resurrected in 2005 for special hardcore off-road versions of the Ram.

While the important mechanical bits in the 2017 Power Wagon remain unchanged, it
returns with a tough new exterior more fitting for a brawny rock-crawler. Where
the previous model was festooned with far too much brightwork for a serious
off-roader, the new design eschews gaudy chrome in favour of blacked-out grille,
a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips, rugged wheel arches, and black mirror
caps with matching wheels.

The interior gets some exclusive Power Wagon badging, an optional black
headliner and tire treadthemed seat inserts. Splashy side graphics give way to
two-tone paint with black or silver decals.

It certainly looks the part of dedicated rock-crawler. And underneath the macho
exterior is an arsenal of off-road equipment that leads Fiat Chrysler to claim
the Power Wagon is "the most capable truck in Canada." This includes complete
under-chassis armour, Bilstein mono-tube shocks, fivelink coil rear suspension,
electronic disconnecting sway bar, electric locking front and rear
differentials, 33-inch Goodyear off-road tires and a 12,000-pound Warn winch up
front.

The Power Wagon boasts 363 millimetres (14.3 inches) of clearance, 660 mm (26
inches) of wheel travel and 762 mm (30 inches) of water fording. Approach angle
is 34 degrees, departure 23.5 and breakover angle 25.5.

It's powered by the 6.4-litre Hemi V8 engine, with 410 horsepower and 429
pound-feet of torque. (Unfortunately there's no Cummins diesel option, because
there's no room behind the Warn winch for an intercooler.) The engine is mated
to a heavy duty six-speed automatic transmission, and while the driveline lacks
the prodigious torque of the Cummins diesel, it's plenty powerful enough for
even the most gruelling climbs.

As any hardcore off-roader knows, the secret to clambering over enormous
obstacles and inching up jagged cliffs lies in suspension articulation. Simply
put, it's the vehicle's ability to keep all four wheels in contact with the
ground, regardless of how rough the terrain. Many trail enthusiasts remove the
sway bar to get more flex, but the downside is a truck that wallows and rolls
when they leave the trail for everyday roads.

Getting to Fire Valley entailed nearly two hours of highway driving, over which
the Ram exhibited solid handling with very little roll. Potholes and washboard
pavement were nicely absorbed by the suspension damping, with little intrusion
into the cabin.

The secret to the Power Wagon's versatility lies in its "Ram Articulink" front
suspension setup, which uses high-movement joints between the control arm and
axle mount for more flexibility and up to 660 mm (26 inches) of vertical wheel
movement.

Instead of stopping at the trail head and grabbing the tool box, the Power Wagon
lets you disconnect the sway bar from inside the truck by simply pushing a
button. The class-exclusive, electronically disconnecting "smart bar" allows the
front axle to move independently of the frame, which of course lets the truck
flex over large obstacles while keeping rubber on the ground.

In the rear, the Power Wagon has the same multi-link coil rear suspension used
by all Ram 2500 HD trucks. Its advantages over traditional leaf springs include
less unsprung mass, better articulation and less shuddering over rough surfaces
from undesirable axle rotation.

Most of the sandy roads required only 4WD. But when our way became strewn with
large boulders and deeply rutted tracks, we switched over to 4LO, which allowed
us to climb steep hills quite effortlessly. The truck's hill-descent control
system allowed us to set a steady speed downward without touching the throttle
or brake pedal.

Fire Valley's name is derived from the deep red sandstone of its canyons, and
erosion has sculpted some of the most unique rock formations which we had to
circumnavigate or clamber over. Using the dashmounted sway-bar disconnect frees
up the front wheels, giving them a greater range of movement to climb over even
enormous boulders and slabs of rock. The beefy treads of the Goodyear Wrangler
tires find purchase on the smooth stone as we inch our way upward. Although
there's the occasional wince-inducing clang of metal hitting rock, the Power
Wagon's underside is generously protected by steel armour. It's a bit surreal
seeing such a long, heavy vehicle undulating and inching upward on such rugged
terrain.

Fiat Chrysler says the new Power Wagon is the most capable off-road truck in
Canada, a lofty claim that will have Ford F-150 Raptor owners throwing down the
gauntlet.

While there's a lot of overlap between the two vehicles, the Raptor is a
high-speed desert racer, able to launch itself off sand dunes, and the Power
Wagon is a tough, brawny rock-crawler with a 685-kilogram (1,510-pound) payload
and the ability to tow 4,550 kg (10,030 lbs) of gear to the trail site.

Its 5,445-kg (12,000-lb) electric winch comes in handy for extricating those
unfortunates who find themselves stuck or, as we found out, upside down. Using a
steep rock face to flip over a caged Toyota 4Runner, the Ram folks demonstrated
how quickly the Power Wagon was able to winch the 4Runner away from the wall and
back over onto its wheels.

In addition to the Class 5 receiver hitch, the Ram Power Wagon comes with an
optional cargo-view camera for monitoring payload, and a tailgate-mounted
rear-view camera.

The 2017 Ram Power Wagon is available in Canadian dealerships now, starting at
$58,945 and available with a Leather and Luxury package ($4,995).

Driving.ca !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lesley Wimbush, Driving; Even without a diesel option, the new Ram
Power Wagon 2500 generates 410 horsepower and 429 pound-feet of torque, powerful
enough for the most gruelling climbs.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Edmonton Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            February 10, 2017 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Ram Power Wagon a brawny rock-crawler; Dodge's 2017 edition proves it has plenty
of go-anywhere ability on a ride in Nevada's Valley of Fire, writes Lesley
Wimbush

BYLINE: Lesley Wimbush, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: DRIVING; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 1027 words

DATELINE: VALLEY OF FIRE, NEV.


We're only 80 kilometres northeast of Las Vegas, but the contrast is startling.
Deep in the heart of the Mojave Desert, the striated cliffs, twisted rock
formations and vast blue sky are the perfect antidote to the tawdry lights of
the Vegas strip.

The deep canyons and great shifting sand dunes provide a terrific playground for
evaluating the rock-crawling prowess of the latest Ram Power Wagon. Its name is
derived, of course, from the iconic Dodge Power Wagon, introduced in 1946 as a
weapons carrier and the world's first 4x4 pickup truck. The badge was
resurrected in 2005 for special hardcore off-road versions of the Ram.

While the important mechanical bits in the 2017 Power Wagon remain unchanged, it
returns with a tough new exterior more fitting for a brawny rock-crawler. Where
the previous model was festooned with far too much brightwork for a serious
off-roader, the new design eschews gaudy chrome in favour of blacked-out grille,
a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips, rugged wheel arches, and black mirror
caps with matching wheels.

The interior gets some exclusive Power Wagon badging, an optional black
headliner and tire treadthemed seat inserts. Splashy side graphics give way to
two-tone paint with black or silver decals.

It certainly looks the part of dedicated rock-crawler. And underneath the macho
exterior is an arsenal of off-road equipment that leads Fiat Chrysler to claim
the Power Wagon is "the most capable truck in Canada." This includes complete
under-chassis armour, Bilstein mono-tube shocks, fivelink coil rear suspension,
electronic disconnecting sway bar, electric locking front and rear
differentials, 33-inch Goodyear off-road tires and a 12,000-pound Warn winch up
front.

The Power Wagon boasts 363 millimetres (14.3 inches) of clearance, 660 mm (26
inches) of wheel travel and 762 mm (30 inches) of water fording. Approach angle
is 34 degrees, departure 23.5 and breakover angle 25.5.

It's powered by the 6.4-litre Hemi V8 engine, with 410 horsepower and 429
pound-feet of torque. (Unfortunately there's no Cummins diesel option, because
there's no room behind the Warn winch for an intercooler.) The engine is mated
to a heavy duty six-speed automatic transmission, and while the driveline lacks
the prodigious torque of the Cummins diesel, it's plenty powerful enough for
even the most gruelling climbs.

As any hardcore off-roader knows, the secret to clambering over enormous
obstacles and inching up jagged cliffs lies in suspension articulation. Simply
put, it's the vehicle's ability to keep all four wheels in contact with the
ground, regardless of how rough the terrain. Many trail enthusiasts remove the
sway bar to get more flex, but the downside is a truck that wallows and rolls
when they leave the trail for everyday roads.

Getting to Fire Valley entailed nearly two hours of highway driving, over which
the Ram exhibited solid handling with very little roll. Potholes and washboard
pavement were nicely absorbed by the suspension damping, with little intrusion
into the cabin.

The secret to the Power Wagon's versatility lies in its "Ram Articulink" front
suspension setup, which uses high-movement joints between the control arm and
axle mount for more flexibility and up to 660 mm (26 inches) of vertical wheel
movement.

Instead of stopping at the trail head and grabbing the tool box, the Power Wagon
lets you disconnect the sway bar from inside the truck by simply pushing a
button. The class-exclusive, electronically disconnecting "smart bar" allows the
front axle to move independently of the frame, which of course lets the truck
flex over large obstacles while keeping rubber on the ground.

In the rear, the Power Wagon has the same multi-link coil rear suspension used
by all Ram 2500 HD trucks. Its advantages over traditional leaf springs include
less unsprung mass, better articulation and less shuddering over rough surfaces
from undesirable axle rotation.

Most of the sandy roads required only 4WD. But when our way became strewn with
large boulders and deeply rutted tracks, we switched over to 4LO, which allowed
us to climb steep hills quite effortlessly. The truck's hill-descent control
system allowed us to set a steady speed downward without touching the throttle
or brake pedal.

Fire Valley's name is derived from the deep red sandstone of its canyons, and
erosion has sculpted some of the most unique rock formations which we had to
circumnavigate or clamber over. Using the dashmounted sway-bar disconnect frees
up the front wheels, giving them a greater range of movement to climb over even
enormous boulders and slabs of rock. The beefy treads of the Goodyear Wrangler
tires find purchase on the smooth stone as we inch our way upward. Although
there's the occasional wince-inducing clang of metal hitting rock, the Power
Wagon's underside is generously protected by steel armour. It's a bit surreal
seeing such a long, heavy vehicle undulating and inching upward on such rugged
terrain.

Fiat Chrysler says the new Power Wagon is the most capable off-road truck in
Canada, a lofty claim that will have Ford F-150 Raptor owners throwing down the
gauntlet.

While there's a lot of overlap between the two vehicles, the Raptor is a
high-speed desert racer, able to launch itself off sand dunes, and the Power
Wagon is a tough, brawny rock-crawler with a 685-kilogram (1,510-pound) payload
and the ability to tow 4,550 kg (10,030 lbs) of gear to the trail site.

Its 5,445-kg (12,000-lb) electric winch comes in handy for extricating those
unfortunates who find themselves stuck or, as we found out, upside down. Using a
steep rock face to flip over a caged Toyota 4Runner, the Ram folks demonstrated
how quickly the Power Wagon was able to winch the 4Runner away from the wall and
back over onto its wheels.

In addition to the Class 5 receiver hitch, the Ram Power Wagon comes with an
optional cargo-view camera for monitoring payload, and a tailgate-mounted
rear-view camera.

The 2017 Ram Power Wagon is available in Canadian dealerships now, starting at
$58,945 and available with a Leather and Luxury package ($4,995).

Driving.ca !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lesley Wimbush, Driving; Even without a diesel option, the new Ram
Power Wagon 2500 generates 410 horsepower and 429 pound-feet of torque, powerful
enough for the most gruelling climbs.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 Ottawa Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

Dismemberment abortions are vicious, cruel, barbaric, and not worthy of culture
that calls itself civilized

LENGTH: 630  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Right Organization has issued the following news release:



 Editor's note. My family and I will be on vacation through September 6. I will
occasionally add new items but for the most part we will repost "the best of the
best" -- the stories our readers have told us they especially liked over the
last five months. This first ran June 1.





 Emily Crockett, writing at Vox.com  today informs us (and I kid you not) that
"Pro-life advocates are trying to ban abortion by grossing people out about it."




 She's referring to the Unborn Child Protection from Dismemberment Abortion Act
which Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards signed just last week. Six states have
banned these grotesque abortions: the other five are Kansas, Oklahoma, West
Virginia, Mississippi, and Alabama.



 According to Crockett



 D&E bans are quickly becoming the latest trend in anti-abortion lawmaking at
the state level. They have colorful names like the "Unborn Child Protection from
Dismemberment Abortion Act." And some advocates and lawmakers are using them to
focus on the lurid details of later abortion procedures, in hopes of turning
more Americans against abortion and making the procedure easier to outlaw or
restrict.



 "Colorful names," "lurid details," "grossing people out&hellip;" Wow.



 So, what do we have to say about that, fellow pro-lifers? Or is Ms. Crockett's
brilliance so dazzling, we are rendered speechless?



 Let's take her argument apart , which reminds us of the way the abortionist
uses steel tools to tear apart a well-developed unborn child. Only we won't use
brute force, but gentle logic.



 Of many counters, here are just two.



 #1. Crockett tells us that pro-lifers want to "make D&E the new 'partial-birth
abortion,'" admitting (by the way) "[T]he catchy 'partial-birth' rebranding by
anti-abortion advocates, and the focus on the unpleasant details of the
procedure, helped to sway the public against it -- and even to sway more people
against abortion in general for a time."



 If she means that pro-lifers fully intend to persuade the public that the
dismemberment technique is every bit as brutal as partial-birth abortions, I
plead guilty. Of course, Crockett believes that both designations are bogus-mere
"rebranding"-so it's up to the likes of Crockett to storm around in high
dudgeon.



 But pro-lifers also believe that the reasoning on display in the Supreme Court
Gonzales decision that upheld the federal ban on partial-birth abortions (which
are now illegal) is fully applicable to banning a "technique" (such a neutral
sounding term) that tears and pulverizes living unborn human beings, rips heads
and legs off of tiny torsos as the defenseless child bleeds to death. It is a
measure of how trafficking in abortion dehumanizes practitioners and defenders
alike that their default position is to tell us that all "surgery" is gross.



 #2. There is the usual trotting out of the usual suspects who agree with
Crockett, including ACOG which long ago sold its institutional soul to the
Abortion Industry. Even though she has the big boys on her side, notice the
conditional conclusion: "These bans are catching on, even though they are
probably unconstitutional."



 "Probably unconstitutional"?! One could easily make the case-as we have in the
pages of NRL News and NRL News Today dozens of times-that the Unborn Child
Protection from Dismemberment Abortion Act is completely consonant with the
reasoning the justices employed in arriving at the decision they did in the 2007
Gonzales decision.



 Dismemberment abortions are more than just "gross." They are vicious, cruel,
barbaric, and not worthy of culture that calls itself civilized.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      February 2, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Tree-Shaped Power Generator Uses Wind, Vibration and Sound

BYLINE: Luis Georg

LENGTH: 359  words


So far, we have been using windmills to generate electricity. Researchers now
are looking forward to go a level further. They soon are planning to invent some
sort of trees without leaves, which would observe energy from wind and
atmospheric or human induced sound and vibrations, to generate electrical
energies capable of charging sensors of the buildings. The idea is based on a
project prepared at The Ohio State University, which showed  artificial trees
like designed objects can  generate renewable power when they are shaken by the
wind.

The result of the experiment was published in a recent issue of the Journal of
Sound and Vibration. The publication reveals that researchers from the Ohio
State University have found that vibrations which pass through trees when they
sway could generate electricity.

The research involves use of tree designed from two small steel beams connected
by a strip of an electromechanical material, polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF),
which converted the structural oscillations into electrical energy. When their
efforts received less voltage - 0.8 volt - they consider adding noise. Following
this, the tree began showing high frequency energy, which was channeled into a
low frequency oscillation. This low frequency gives out around 2 volts of
energy.

"Buildings sway ever so slightly in the wind, bridges oscillate when we drive on
them and car suspensions absorb bumps in the road, in fact, there's a massive
amount of kinetic energy associated with those motions that is otherwise lost.
We want to recover and recycle some of that energy", said project leader Ryan
Harne, assistant professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering at Ohio
State, and director of the Laboratory of Sound and Vibration Research.

The project showed use of random energies from surroundings. The technology is
found suitable for small scale projects, where use of solar energy is not
possible. Currently, structural sensors are in use, which use batteries or
plugs, both these techniques are expensive, while the new technology is
self-sufficient and uses sources such as wind-induced structural motions,
seismic activity and human activity.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              641 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            September 4, 2016 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Big Gay Sway

BYLINE: By FRANK BRUNI

SECTION: Section SR; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED COLUMNIST; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1622 words


ORLANDO, Fla. -- On a sweltering afternoon in late August, Stephanie Murphy, a
Democrat running for Congress against a longtime Republican incumbent, stole a
half-hour from a crammed schedule for something that grieving residents of this
metropolitan area still routinely do: She visited Pulse nightclub, where a
gunman ended 49 lives in June.

The club itself has been closed since then, but a patch of the property in front
brims with flowers, photographs and rainbow flags, which signal that Pulse was a
place where many gay people gathered and many gay people died. It's an
eye-catching, heart-stopping memorial.

Could it also be an omen of political change?

Prominent among the issues that Murphy, 37, is campaigning on is her 73-year-old
opponent's dismal record on L.G.B.T. rights. And some Democrats are convinced
that this could work powerfully in her favor, especially at this time, in this
place. Her district includes much of Orlando, though not Pulse itself, and is
home to victims' relatives and friends.

Murphy was at Pulse on this day to show it to United States Representative
Barbara Lee, a California Democrat who belongs to a quickly swelling army of
party leaders who have traveled to Florida to stump for Murphy or help her raise
money, reflecting the party's identification of her contest as one that might
flip a House seat from red to blue and help to erode the Republican majority.

''This is a very winnable race,'' Lee told me as we approached Pulse, adding
that what happened there -- and its exposure of the hatred that L.G.B.T.
Americans still confront -- is part of the equation. ''I think people will see
that as a defining moment and say: 'No more. My vote is going to be for human
rights.' ''

Across many decades and hundreds of campaigns at every level of government,
L.G.B.T. rights have been a point of bitter debate, often benefiting Republican
politicians in conservative areas where voters pushed back at social change. In
recent years, though, Democrats have increasingly sought to turn their advocacy
for L.G.B.T. people into an advantage.

Public opinion polls leave no doubt that a significant majority of Americans
support laws protecting L.G.B.T. people from discrimination and approve of
same-sex marriage. But that doesn't mean that they prioritize the issue and
punish politicians with contrary views. The results of many elections suggest
that they don't.

I think that's changing, and 2016 could be the proof of it. In several closely
fought races around the country, candidates' actions and comments regarding gay
people have come to the fore and come to define them. Murphy's contest against
John Mica, now in his 12th term, is only one of them.

The outcomes of two of the most competitive gubernatorial contests -- in Indiana
and North Carolina -- could be affected by voters' feelings about how the
candidates have handled L.G.B.T. rights. That's especially true in North
Carolina, where Gov. Pat McCrory is being hammered for a shockingly regressive
measure that he signed into law last March.

It hallucinated some grave public danger in transgender people's using public
restrooms that correspond to their gender identity, banned them from doing so,
and then went even further, nullifying local ordinances that outlawed employment
and housing discrimination against gay and lesbian people.

''I believe that he started this in order to stir up his right wing and to win
this election,'' said his Democratic challenger, Roy Cooper, the state's
attorney general, when I spoke with him last week. ''But it's backfired on him
because it's backfired on the state.''

In protest of the law, PayPal nixed plans to build a major new operations center
in Charlotte. The National Basketball Association relocated an all-star game
from North Carolina to another state. Business groups moved conventions.
Performers canceled concerts.

''It has cost us thousands of jobs and hundreds of millions of dollars,'' Cooper
told me. And it has tarnished McCrory's carefully tended image as a
common-sense, pro-business governor.

Cooper presses the issue all the time, including in a recent debate against
McCrory. Polls in August showed him ahead by one to nine points.

''That really is a new day,'' JoDee Winterhof, the senior vice president for
policy and political affairs at the Human Rights Campaign, told me.

As more business leaders stand up for L.G.B.T. rights, which they deem important
to assembling the best work force and burnishing their brands, more politicians
find that their own positions can have a serious impact on their relationship
with the corporate community. Being against L.G.B.T. rights can complicate any
claims they make to being champions of economic growth. It can also depress
financial contributions to their campaigns.

Just look at the congressional race in northern New Jersey between Scott
Garrett, the Republican incumbent, and Josh Gottheimer, a Democrat.

A little over a year ago, Politico revealed that Garrett was refusing to give
what is generally a pro forma donation to the National Republican Congressional
Committee because it backed openly gay candidates.

Although Garrett had always had close ties with Wall Street, several big
financial institutions stopped donating to his campaign, and that could put
Gottheimer, a fund-raising whirlwind, on a more equal footing with him than
Democratic challengers in previous election cycles. Partly for that reason,
political handicappers envision a potentially close contest between him and
Garrett, who got at least 55 percent of the vote in 2010 and 2012.

Gottheimer said that news coverage of Garrett's tussle with his fellow
Republicans over gay candidates brought into the light a host of extremely
conservative positions -- on everything from equal pay and abortion rights to
the Confederate flag and global warming -- that many of his constituents weren't
wholly aware of.

It has also become a yardstick of Garrett's humanity. That's how I increasingly
notice L.G.B.T. rights playing out among many voters in the center. It's a
marker. A metaphor.

It has power on its own, too. In a recent interview in Paramus, N.J., Gottheimer
told me that when his campaign did a poll testing which of Garrett's
conservative positions bothered the largely suburban district's voters the most,
''This issue was above everything else.''

''I would have guessed that this would do well with more Democratic-leaning
voters,'' he said. But, he added, ''The whole middle and middle-right were
equally offended by this.''

Karen Gerbatsch, 64, a registered Republican who has voted repeatedly for
Garrett, told me that when she heard about his disapproval of gay candidates,
she thought, ''That's not me.''

''It bothered me a lot,'' she added. She said that she'll vote for Gottheimer,
but cited additional reasons, chief among them her concern about the current
crop of Washington Republicans amassing too much power, especially if Donald
Trump happens to win the presidency.

It's impossible to isolate the impact of L.G.B.T. rights from other factors in
these races. Gottheimer, who worked as a speechwriter for President Bill
Clinton, is connected to an extensive network of powerful Democrats who have
rallied to his cause, and he's an astute, poised first-time candidate who, at
41, promises a freshness that Garrett, 57, cannot.

Murphy, another first-time candidate, is competing in a district that the
Florida Supreme Court recently redrew so that it's younger and more Democratic
than it was in past elections. Odds makers still give Mica the advantage.

She has an inspiring family story: Her parents fled the Communists in Vietnam by
boat when she was just 6 months old. After the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11,
she abandoned a lucrative consulting career in the private sector to work for
the Department of Defense. She now teaches at Rollins College in Winter Park,
which abuts Orlando. She has two young children. And she presents herself --
eloquently -- as an alternative to Congress's entrenched ways.

When Trump visited Orlando last month to speak to a conference of leaders who
adamantly oppose L.G.B.T. rights, she blasted her opponent, Mica, for having
endorsed him and presented a litany of Mica's anti-gay positions and remarks
across the years.

Two weeks later, she was the first candidate to be endorsed by a new political
action committee called the Pride Fund to End Gun Violence, which will raise
money for politicians supportive of both L.G.B.T. rights and gun control.

Jason Lindsay, the founder and executive director of the Pride Fund, told me
that in several visits to Orlando, he has been struck by ''the sheer
determination'' of gays and lesbians there. ''The Pulse attack was incredibly
personal,'' he said.

Murphy cited Pulse to me when she noted that Mica had opposed the inclusion of
any reference to sexual orientation in federal hate-crimes legislation. ''How
can you have that position given what has happened?'' she said.

''His positions,'' she said, ''have been extreme and exclusionary.''

At Pulse, I was struck by something that hadn't been clear to me in news
coverage right after the shooting. This gay nightclub shared its stretch of a
prominent thoroughfare with a Dunkin' Donuts, a Radio Shack and, directly across
the street, a Wendy's, with its logo of a pigtailed, red-haired, freckled girl.

It wasn't off in the shadows but right in the mix -- which is where L.G.B.T.
people are today, and where L.G.B.T. rights are in the 2016 election.

I invite you to follow me on Twitter (@FrankBruni) and join me on Facebook.

Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTopinion),
and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/04/opinion/sunday/the-big-gay-sway.html

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY BEN WISEMAN)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              642 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 26, 2014 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Blacks Regain Sway at Polls in Mississippi

BYLINE: By JONATHAN WEISMAN and CAMPBELL ROBERTSON; Jonathan Weisman reported
from Jackson, and Campbell Robertson from Yazoo City, Miss. Reporting was
contributed by Ashley Parker from Washington; Alan Blinder from Atlanta; Ellen
Ann Fentress from Cleveland, Miss.; and Lacey Russell from Tupelo, Miss.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1402 words


JACKSON, Miss. -- For the first time since President Richard M. Nixon's divisive
''Southern strategy'' that sent whites to the Republican Party and blacks to the
Democrats, African-American voters have come out in force for a Republican in
the Deep South.

Now they are hoping to flex political muscles long atrophied after supporting
Senator Thad Cochran on Tuesday in his runoff victory against a Tea Party
challenger.

''We're in a moment here,'' said Floyd Smith, an African-American and a longtime
political worker who canvassed Jackson's black precincts for Mr. Cochran.
''Black folks went out and voted for a Republican. That's history.''

The Mississippi voters who handed Mr. Cochran his narrow victory over State
Senator Chris McDaniel were a complex and historic amalgam of black Democrats,
rural and suburban white Republicans, and even union members, all put off by Mr.
McDaniel's rhetorical broadsides and austere promises.

Although Cochran campaign officials and longtime Democratic officials said white
Republican voters probably made the biggest difference in Mr. Cochran's victory,
blacks turned out in record numbers for a Mississippi Republican primary.

They were driven in part by Mr. Cochran's organization and outreach, but also by
a sense, they said, that Mr. McDaniel had been overly vicious in his attacks on
President Obama and incendiary in the racial undertones of his pitch to white
voters that ''it's time to defend our way of life again.''

Black voters said that with the long odds for any Democrat in a statewide
election here, both Mr. Cochran and Mr. McDaniel would most likely beat the
Democratic candidate, former Representative Travis Childers, in November. Given
that choice, they said they preferred Mr. Cochran.

''People saw the Tea Party as the bigger threat,'' said Carl Brown, a black
44-year-old pastor, who was sitting in Scott's Style Shop, a barbershop in Yazoo
City. ''They're on the news saying, 'We want to go back to the good old days.'
Good old days for who?''

The Cochran campaign's effort to get black votes attracted attention all over
the country -- praise in some circles, outrage in others. Rush Limbaugh on
Tuesday upbraided ''black Uncle Tom voters'' who turned out for Mr. Cochran.

Mr. McDaniel, at his late night ''victory rally,'' refused to concede and vowed
to fight on against ''irregularities'' and the ''liberal Democrats'' who decided
the contest, although he said late Wednesday that he had not yet decided on a
court challenge. Mississippi election law does not provide for recounts.

Cochran allies said the cross-party outreach was historic, significant and, they
hoped, a sign of things to come.

''African-Americans spoke loud and clear, that they are engaged, that they want
good government and that they are paying attention to those of us in
government,'' said State Senator Willie Simmons, a black Democrat who supported
Mr. Cochran. ''The message is we should be cognizant of their vote, regardless
of our party.''

Mayor George Flaggs Jr. of Vicksburg, who is black and also supported Mr.
Cochran, said the moment must not be allowed to slip away.

''For blacks, it is imperative that we look at the process and try to maximize
our efforts by utilizing our voting power as best we can,'' he said.

As a practical matter, that could mean pushing Mississippi officials for
expanded black voting rights or more access to affordable health care, black
leaders here said. After all, in defending his outreach, Mr. Cochran himself
said: ''I think it's important for everybody to participate. Voting rights has
been an issue of great importance in Mississippi.''

Others said blacks would have new leverage with Mr. Cochran. ''He owes them an
ear,'' Mr. Simmons said. ''He owes them an opportunity to sit and engage with
him just like any other group. Senator Cochran could have a very different
opinion about some of these things and vote a different way after this
experience.''

Returns showed that Mr. Cochran beat Mr. McDaniel by around 6,700 votes out of
376,000 votes cast Tuesday. Nearly 63,000 more voters went to the polls than on
June 3, and both candidates raised their totals. Mr. Cochran just raised his
more.

In Mississippi's 25 majority-black counties, Mr. Cochran was able to increase
his totals by at least 13,000 votes, more than double his margin of victory. In
Hinds County alone, which is home to Jackson and 70 percent black, he got at
least 6,400 more votes than before.

In the predominantly black Delta town of Cleveland, African-American leaders
texted, car-pooled and telephoned on Mr. Cochran's behalf, hoping to prove their
ballot clout -- but not necessarily loyalty to the candidate, they said. The
town and surrounding Bolivar County gave 72 percent of the vote to Mr. Cochran,
up from 68 percent on June 3. Turnout on Tuesday in the county increased sharply
in black precincts. ''It should send a message, 'Hey, don't count us out, we
have the largest black vote in the U.S.,' '' said Ned Tolliver, 71, a black
retired school principal in Cleveland. ''It shows that we have the power to
elect who we want to elect when the time is right.''

That said, even in majority-black districts in the Delta, much -- if not most --
of the increase may well have been white Republicans, a possibility reinforced
by a study of preliminary precinct returns in Yazoo County.

Hayes Dent, a Cochran organizer in charge of vote-wrangling in the Delta, said
many traditional Republican voters assumed Mr. Cochran, a six-term incumbent,
would win his primary. They needed a jolt, and they got one June 3, when Mr.
McDaniel narrowly edged Mr. Cochran but was forced into a runoff by a minor
candidate.

''Were there people who didn't traditionally turn out for Republican primaries?
Yes, I'm sure there were,'' Mr. Dent said. ''But I can tell you in the 17
counties that I managed, that's not what did the deal.''

In fact, he said, the news media attention around Mr. Cochran's black voter
outreach ''without a doubt'' energized McDaniel voters to turn out in stronger
numbers on Tuesday, possibly nullifying the additional black votes.

Cochran campaign officials said white catfish farmers, cotton growers and other
traditionally reliable Republicans in the Delta who sat out the initial primary
were dragged to the polls by Mr. Cochran's revitalized ground game and were
constantly reminded of the senator's efforts on their behalf. At the same time,
union workers at the Gulf Coast's giant Ingalls shipyard grew alarmed at Mr.
McDaniel's calls for deep federal spending cuts.

''It was just a scary situation to know that some of the things that he stood up
and said he would do would take away the jobs here at the shipyard,'' said
Michael S. Crawley, the 68-year-old president of the Pascagoula Metal Trades
Council and a die-hard Democrat.

Mr. Cochran began reaching out to black voters as far back as Memorial Day
weekend, when he joined more than a hundred prominent African-Americans for a
fund-raiser and brainstorming session at the home of a black physician in Hinds
County.

Gathering over plates of barbecue on the lush lawn as night fell, Mr. Cochran
talked about why he was seeking another term, and the group -- which included
about 30 pastors, as well as business, civil and health care leaders in the
Jackson area -- discussed why it was in blacks' interest to support Mr. Cochran.

By the final weeks before the runoff, blacks were fully mobilized. Bishop Ronnie
C. Crudup Sr., a pastor of the New Horizon Church International in Jackson,
helped lead the effort, and he said that roughly 1,000 people were engaged in
the push -- working on phone banks, knocking on doors and passing out fliers, or
making the pitch to Sunday congregations.

The outreach also included registering black voters absentee, to help those who
were going to be out of town during the runoff, as well as those who did not
necessarily feel comfortable entering a polling station to vote in a Republican
primary.

For Democrats, in Washington and in Mississippi, who believed they could beat
Mr. McDaniel in a general election, the crossover votes for Mr. Cochran were a
major disappointment. The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee was preparing
a major push for Mr. Childers, a conservative former House member.

''I certainly hated to see many members of our party cross over yesterday in a
primary that quite frankly I felt like we had no business in,'' Mr. Childers
said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/06/26/us/politics/blacks-regain-sway
-at-polls-in-mississippi.html

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Above, Senator Thad Cochran celebrating his Republican primary
runoff victory on Tuesday at a watch party in Jackson, Miss. Left, voters waited
in line to cast their ballots at the New Hope Baptist Church in Jackson for the
runoff. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY EDMUND D. FOUNTAIN FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES
 AARON PHILLIPS FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A17)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              643 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 18, 2013 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Massacre Sways Public In Way Others Did Not

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER and DALIA SUSSMAN; Marjorie Connelly, Megan
Thee-Brenan and Marina Stefan contributed reporting.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 953 words


The massacre of children at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., appears to
be profoundly swaying Americans' views on guns, galvanizing the broadest support
for stricter gun laws in about a decade, according to a New York Times/CBS News
poll.

As President Obama tries to persuade a reluctant Congress to pass new gun laws,
the poll found that a majority of Americans -- 54 percent -- think gun control
laws should be tightened, up markedly from a CBS News poll last April that found
that only 39 percent backed stricter laws.

The rise in support for stricter gun laws stretched across political lines,
including an 18-point increase among Republicans. A majority of independents now
back stricter gun laws.

Whether the Newtown shooting -- in which 20 first graders and 6 adults were
killed -- will have a long-term effect on public opinion of gun laws is hard to
assess just a month after the rampage. But unlike the smaller increases in
support for gun control immediately after other mass shootings, including after
the 2011 shooting in Tucson that severely wounded Representative Gabrielle
Giffords, the latest polling results suggest a deeper, and possibly more
resonating, shift.

In terms of specific gun proposals being considered, the poll found even wider
support, including among gun owners.

The idea of requiring background checks on all gun purchases, which would
eliminate a provision that allows about 40 percent of guns to be sold by
unlicensed sellers without checks, was overwhelmingly popular. Nine in 10
Americans would favor such a law, the poll found -- including 9 in 10 of the
respondents who said that there was a gun in their household, and 85 percent
whose households include National Rifle Association members.

A ban on high-capacity magazines, like the 15- and 30-round magazines that have
been used in several recent mass shootings, was supported by more than 6 in 10,
and by a majority of those who live in households with guns. And just over half
of all respondents, 53 percent, said they would support a ban on some
semiautomatic weapons.

After the mass shootings at Virginia Tech in 2007 and Tucson in 2011, polls
found that 47 percent of Americans favored stricter gun laws.

''I'm from a rural area in the South, I grew up in a gun culture, my father
hunted,'' Leslie Hodges, a 64-year-old graphic artist who lives in Atlanta and
has a gun, said in a follow-up interview. ''However, I don't believe being able
to have a gun keeps you from thinking reasonably about changes that would keep
someone from walking into a school and being able to kill 20 children in 20
seconds. I think that we can say, O.K., we want the freedom to have guns in this
country, but there are rules we can all agree to that will make us all safer.''

The poll also gave an indication of the state of play in Washington at the
outset of what is expected to be a fierce debate over the nation's gun laws, as
the National Rifle Association and several members of Congress, particularly
Republicans in the House, have criticized the gun control measures that Mr.
Obama proposed Wednesday and have vowed to block them.

Americans said that they trusted the president over Republicans in Congress to
make the right decisions about gun laws by a margin of 47 percent to 39 percent,
the poll found.

The National Rifle Association, the powerful gun lobby, is viewed favorably by
nearly 4 in 10 Americans, the poll found. All told, 38 percent said that they
had a favorable opinion of the group, while 29 percent had a negative view and
the rest had no opinion. The N.R.A. was viewed positively by 54 percent of those
with guns in their homes.

But the group is deeply unpopular with people in households without guns, who
were twice as likely to have a negative view of the N.R.A. as a positive one: 41
percent of them expressed a negative view of it, while only 20 percent expressed
a positive one.

The survey underscored how common guns in America are: 47 percent of those
surveyed said that they or someone in their household owned a gun, and 31
percent had close friends or relatives who did. The top reasons cited for owning
guns were protection and hunting.

The national poll was conducted by land lines and cellphones from Jan. 11 to
Jan. 15, before the president announced his proposals to curb gun violence. It
surveyed 1,110 adults and has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three
percentage points.

Some gun owners, like Sally Brady, a 69-year-old retired teacher who lives in
Amissville, Va., explained in follow-up interviews why they would support some
restrictions on ammunition or more thorough background checks of all gun buyers.

''I see no reason for high-capacity magazines if you want to go hunting,'' said
Mrs. Brady, an independent who owns a hunting rifle. ''The purpose of hunting is
sport, and you don't need a whole big bunch of bullets to shoot a deer or a
squirrel. If you're that poor of a shot, stay out of the woods.''

Despite the higher support for stricter gun laws, many Americans do not think
the changes would be very effective at deterring violence. While most Americans,
53 percent, said stricter gun laws would help prevent gun violence, about a
quarter said they would help a lot.

Other steps were seen as being potentially more effective. About three-quarters
of those surveyed said that having more police officers or armed security guards
would help prevent mass shootings in public places. And more than 8 in 10 said
better mental health screening and treatment would help prevent gun violence.

Violence in popular culture is seen by a large majority of Americans, 75
percent, as contributing to gun violence in the United States, including about 4
in 10 who say it contributes a lot.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/18/us/poll-shows-school-shooting-sways
-views-on-guns.html

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Protests representing both sides of the gun control debate have
taken place since the school massacre in Newtown, Conn. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY MATTHEW
STAVER FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES
PAUL J. RICHARDS/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES) CHARTS: Should gun
control laws be made more strict, less strict, or kept as they are now?
Do you or does any other member of your household own a handgun, rifle, shotgun,
or any other kind of firearm?
Do you favor or oppose ...A nationwide ban on semiautomatic weapons?
A ban on the sale of high-capacity magazines?
 A national database of all gun sales

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              644 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 7, 1981, Monday, Late City Final Edition

BLUSTERY WINDS TOPPLE ELECTRIC LINES AND SEND TRASH FLYING

BYLINE: By ROBERT D. McFADDEN

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1646 words


It rattled windows, whined in the trees, howled down country lanes and swooshed
through city canyons. It also toppled tree limbs and power lines, grounded
hundreds of small aircraft, set bridges and skyscrapers to swaying and raised
cottony whitecaps on the Hudson River and across the amphitheater of New York
Harbor.

The ferocious wind - racing at 40 to 45 miles an hour, with even higher gusts -
lashed New York City and its suburbs for much of a gray autumn day yesterday,
and for all but the most adventurous joggers, strollers, motorists and
nature-lovers, it was a day to stay indoors.

The winds were swirling arms on the edge of a huge storm that swept up the East
Coast and just missed New York and Long Island. Passing to the east, the storm
slammed into Eastern Connecticut and most of New England, dumping up to a foot
of snow in some sections and causing widespread power failures and many
accidents on highways.

In New York City, apartment house canopies fluttered on fashionable avenues,
pedestrians tottered and struggled with flailing scarves and kept a weather eye
out for skyborne debris or flotsam falling from construction sites or roofs.
Gloves, ear muffs, ski masks and other winter wear were the order of the day.

And everywhere, it seemed, waste paper was swirling and flying like tattered
kites and garbage was tumbling and skittering along, torn from the piles of
trash that have been mounting since last week's private carting strike.

A Swirling Symphony of Trash

At Lincoln Center, the Big Apple Circus went on under a big blue tent that
flapped in the wind. It was cold inside, with temperatures in the mid-30's, but
parents and youngsters at a matinee kept their coats on and applauded a little
harder to keep warm.

''We had to batten down more poles by adding sandbags,'' said DeWane Bills, the
circus fireguard. And Jim Blast, who was blowing up 165 balloons for sale just
outside the Big Top, said he was worried about his customers. ''They might just
end up chasing the balloons down the street,'' he said.

Nearby, on the broad plaza of Lincoln Center, jumbles of newspapers, coffee cups
and fallen autumn leaves seemed to have a life of their own as they inched up
steps, whirled around the fountain and marched in ranks in and out of the
colonnaded porticos.

There were sound effects too. At Amsterdam Avenue and 65th Street, sheets of
plastic snapped loudly in the wind at a construction site at the Fiorello H. La
Guardia High School of Music and the Arts.  Several of the sheets had been torn,
and passers-by could hear other noises from within, apparently construction
debris rattling around the site.

With high winds knocking down tree limbs and power lines, there were scattered
blackouts affecting thousands of homes in the New York metropolitan area.
Residents of Manhattan, the Bronx and Brooklyn, where the power lines are
buried, were spared, according to a Consolidated Edison spokesman, Herb Hadad.

But he said about 800 other customers in Westchester, Queens and Staten Island
were without power for periods of up to several hours.  In Westchester's
Briarcliff Manor and Ossining, 376 homes lost power, Mr. Hadad said, and nearly
200 more were without power for two hours in Eastchester.

The Long Island Lighting Company said that up to 6,000 customers in Suffolk and
Nassau County experienced power failures during the day, most of them in eastern
Long Island, closer to the coastal storm.

The Nassau and Suffolk County Police said there had been many reports of downed
tree limbs and a few reports of downed trees, mostly along the North Shore, and
in Huntington and Ronkonkoma. But none of the fallen limbs were reported to have
damaged homes, cars or other property, the police said.

Flights at the metropolitan area's major airports - Kennedy International, La
Guardia and Newark International - were almost undisturbed by the high winds,
but nearly all smaller private aircraft were grounded.

''We had a few operations today,'' said an official of the Federal Aviation
Administration at Long Island MacArthur Airport in Islip.  ''We've had high wind
warnings all day, but about 12 courageous fellows took off.'' He said that on a
fair weather Sunday in December the airport normally handled 700 to 900 takeoffs
and landings.

Christmas Shopping Cut

The wind and cold made a mess of trash-strewn midtown Manhattan, tumbling
rubbish from garbage cans and lifting some of it high into the air at windy
intersections. Crowds were thin outside the Christmas displays in the windows of
Fifth Avenue department stores, lines were short or nonexistent outside movie
theaters and the merchants of stores that remained open were not busy.

At Art Shows on 43d Street, just west of Broadway, the manager, took indoors the
prints that usually line the sidewalk sales emporium but left out a table strewn
with gloves, scarves, ear muffs and motley ski hats.

''Too cold,'' she said tersely.  Ellen Goldstein, an East Side resident who was
taking a crosstown 42d Street bus at midafternoon, had the same view. ''Normally
I walk,'' she said.

Tourist Numbers Reduced

The cold kept tourists away from many of the popular midtown sites, including
the United Nations headquarters. Martine Sackmann, who arranges tours in 28
languages there, said that by day's end she had assembled only 24 tours,
two-thirds the customary number.

Sitting in a booth doodling flowers on a piece of scrap paper, she said: ''I
would rather have it busier. When nobody comes, the day drags on.''

Outside the United Nations, a man and his young daughter leaned into the wind
blowing off the East River and spotted a barge moving slowly upstream.

''Daddy,'' said the girl, ''Is the wind blowing the boat?'' The wind was so
fierce, he couldn't tell.  Nearby, a cluster of tourists dashed from the United
Nations entry to a waiting chartered bus, its engine - and heater - revving up
on First Avenue.

Flag on Armory Torn

On other midtown streets and in city parks, there was a potpourri of windy-day
sights: three men in white and blue hockey uniforms and carrying hockey sticks
zipped along in the 40's on roller skates, and an American flag torn by the wind
flapped wildly at the armory at 67th Street and Park Avenue.

In Riverside Park, tree branches swayed and the last leaves of autumn swirled
down. Joggers and dog walkers, meantime, struggled to stay upright against the
wind charging off the Hudson. Yachts and houseboats at the 79th Street Marina
bobbed at their moorings, and out on the river, the water was dark gray and
choppy, the swift current flecked with white crests.

Skyscraper Design Helpful

How do city skyscrapers and bridges fare in high winds?  The 110-story twin
towers of the World Trade Center in Manhattan are designed to withstand
sustained winds of up to 150 miles an hour. In a big blow, the towers may sway
in an arc of 11 or 12 inches, say its engineers.

But no one in one of the towers would notice much, said John Hughes, a spokesman
for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which owns the complex. In a
room near one of the tower's central cores, a person might hear ''what could be
described as a creaking sound,'' Mr. Hughes said, but that would be his only
clue that he was riding a building.

''The Empire State Building doesn't sway at all, but it bends about a quarter of
an inch when the winds approach 75 miles an hour,'' said a security guard on
duty yesterday. Visitors were permitted in the glass enclosed observation tower
on the 102d floor yesterday, but they were barred from the terraces of the 86th
floor observation deck.

''It's too windy, and it's a little scary outside,'' the guard said.

Winds Save Woman's Life

Once, in December 1979, high winds saved the life of a young woman who fell from
a window on an upper floor of the Empire State Building. They blew her in
midfall onto a three-foot-wide setback on the 85th floor, from which she was
plucked to safety.

The Verrazano-Narrows Bridge at the entrance to New York Harbor sways ''several
feet over its entire 4,000-foot length'' between the anchoring towers planted in
Staten Island and Brooklyn, Dave Baxley, a spokesman for the Triborough Bridge
and Tunnel Authority, said.

''The bridge moves with the wind, but not so a motorist would notice it,'' Mr.
Baxley explained. ''The motorist who thinks he feels movement is feeling his car
move, not the bridge.''

And while there is some sway, there is no up-and-down movement in the wind.
''That's aerodynamic,'' Mr. Baxley said. ''There is none of that.''

Bridge May Sway Some

Similarly, the George Washington Bridge may sway some, but it is designed so
that motorists and pedestrians do not notice it. In high winds, some vehicles -
empty tractor-trailer trucks, for example - may be restricted, but the bridge
has never been closed to traffic because of winds, Mr. Hughes said.

Some vehicles are also restricted at times on the Verrazano-Narrows, but no
pedestrians are permitted, except for the start of the New York City Marathon,
according to Officer Peter Toohey. Looking out on a seascape dotted with oil
tankers, freighters and ferryboats with the towers of Manhattan in the
background, he noted that his post on the bridge had ''one of the best views in
town.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photos of pedestrians subjected to high winds photo of
skaters at Rockefeller Center

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              645 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 1, 2009 Tuesday

Stanford poll: Obama sways public on controversial education issues

BYLINE: By Sharon Noguchi snoguchi@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; Communities; San Jose - Valley; Peninsula;
Education; News; Local

LENGTH: 619 words


At the height of his popularity, President Obama could significantly sway public
opinion on three controversial education issues: charter schools, merit pay and
vouchers, a new study has found.

The president's favorable views on charter schools and merit pay for teachers
increased approval for those issues by more than 10 percentage points   and by
as much as 23 points for African-American respondents.

The findings suggest that Obama's views could gather support for education
reform, which he has championed. On Tuesday, the White House announced that
Obama would address schoolchildren Tuesday in a nationally broadcast talk to
classrooms.

Obama's influence is notable because public opinion usually shifts gradually,
according to one of the authors of the survey, which was conducted by Education
Next, a journal of the Hoover Institution at Stanford University, and by the
Program on Education Policy and Governance at Harvard University.

"Definitely this is a testament to his popularity," said Paul Peterson, a senior
fellow at Hoover and a Harvard professor, who said the results surprised him.

Results of the survey, released Monday, were based on 3,200 interviews conducted
in late February and early March.

It found Obama shifted most strongly the opinions of those tending to be his
supporters: Democrats and African-Americans. And, the survey found, he even
influenced teachers, who, while often are part of Democratic coalitions, belong
to unions that have forcefully opposed merit pay and have criticized charters.

The study found that Obama's influence was statistically similar to the effects
of research: When respondents were informed that studies showed that charters
raise test scores or students learn more when teacher pay is linked to student
performance, they were more likely to favor charters and merit pay.

Santa Clara County schools trustee Anna Song welcomed the findings on Obama's
ability to boost support for charters, which are public schools freed from both
the state education code and local school board control.

"I think charters are here to stay," said Song, who heads a task force
organizing a charter school summit in January.

The study was conducted using three groups of respondents. One was asked for
opinions on charters, merit pay and vouchers. A second was informed of Obama's
view before being asked to give their own opinions (Obama favors charters and
merit pay but opposes vouchers.) A third group was told about research findings
before giving their opinions.

For instance, the survey found that 40 percent of people support school
vouchers. However, among those who were told of the president's opposition,
support fell to 24 percent.

This isn't the first time an "Obama effect" has been gauged. Last year, three
professors administered a graduate-entrance exam to 472 students and found that,
after Obama's acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention, the
performance of African-American test-takers improved, effectively closing the
white-black academic achievement gap.

However, another pollster noted the Hoover study was conducted during the
president's political honeymoon, when he enjoyed a 60 percent approval rating.

"I hate to throw cold water on it, but we're in a very different place in
September," with Obama having spent his political capital on his health care
initiative and other issues, said Mark DiCamillo, director of the Field Poll.
With the president's popularity having sunk 10 points since the study was
conducted, DiCamillo said, "I'd love to see it replicated now."

Contact Sharon Noguchi at 408-271-3775.For more information
A report on the survey, "The Persuadable Public," is available online at
educationnext.org/persuadable -public/

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Automotive News

                                January 22, 2007

Marketers' task: Create 'tribes' of cheerleaders

BYLINE: Mary Connelly, Laura Clark Geist

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 618 words


DETROIT --

Automotive marketers must target their messages at groups whose members will
become brand advocates, participants on a marketing panel said last week at the
Automotive News World Congress.

That strategy allows marketers to create an emotional connection with buyers,
the panelists said.

Consumers are joining online ``techno or virtual tribes'' that exert great
influence over buying power, said Timothy Blett, president of the Doner
advertising agency in Newport Beach, Calif. The average consumer may belong to
as many as 10 groups that share interests in the real or virtual world, Blett
said.

Engage, don't sway

Deborah Meyer, Lexus' vice president of marketing, said engaging deeply with
consumers rather than trying to sway opinions ``has always been a fundamental
tenet'' of her company's marketing efforts.

The number of consumer events sponsored by Lexus doubled from 2005 to 2006,
Meyer said. That trend will continue over the next two years, she said.

Lexus encourages its owners to bring friends and family members to its marketing
events, Meyer noted. That advocacy strategy is an essential component of the
luxury brand's marketing, she said.

Andrea Hoffman, CEO of Diversity Affluence, a marketing company in Hamburg,
N.J., said auto marketers can connect more deeply with customers, especially
women, by tying their efforts to social or charitable causes.

``Cause marketing can't hurt,'' Hoffman said. And giving back reflects an
organization's values, she said.

Lexus launched a philanthropic fund called Pursuit of Potential after consumers
in focus groups stressed the importance of social responsibility, Meyer said.

Make `emotional connection'

Peter van Stolk, CEO of Jones Soda Co. in Seattle, estimated that the typical
consumer sees or hears 1 million marketing messages a year or 3,000 every day.

``Creating an emotional connection with the consumer is critical,'' he said.

Jones Soda customizes its bottles with photos that customers submit to a company
Web site, van Stolk said.

Authenticity is critical when marketers try to reach consumers inside target
groups, van Stolk said. ``Credibility is key. Consumers cannot be bought,'' he
said.

The marketing panelists agreed that salespeople in auto dealerships are crucial
to brand-building and connection. ``The salesperson is the brand,'' van Stolk
said. ``They create the relationship.''

One Lexus dealership gives its salespeople money formerly budgeted for
advertising, Meyer said. She said the sales force buys gifts such as books or
tickets to sporting events for three to five vehicle owners, depending on the
customers' interests.

* * *

The marketing/sales panel

Deborah Meyer

Title: Vice president of marketing

Company: Lexus

Main point: Lexus is increasing its sponsorship of consumer events and
encouraging owners' friends and family members to attend.

Quote: ``Our ability to use technology to personalize consumer contact and brand
experiences is increasing exponentially.''

* * *

Andrea Hoffman

Title: CEO

Company: Diversity Affluence

Main point: Marketers can reach customers by focusing on small groups with
nontraditional approaches.

Quote: ``I am urging you to expand your reach and tap into the economic power of
untapped consumers in more unconventional ways.''

* * *

Peter van Stolk

Title: CEO

Company: Jones Soda Co.

Main point: Authenticity is critical when marketers try to reach consumers
within target groups.

Quote: ``Credibility is key. Consumers cannot be bought.''

* * *

Timothy Blett

Title: President

Company: Doner, Newport Beach, Calif.

Main point: Consumers are participating in online ``virtual tribes'' that have
great influence over buying decisions.

Quote: ``These new virtual tribes are expanding at an unprecedented rate.''

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Art Caption: 4 info boxes: Deborah Meyer * Andrea Hoffman * Peter van
Stolk * Timothy Blett (see end of story for all)
Art Credit: 4 photos
Art Credit: Glenn Triest (4)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: an


                      Copyright 2007 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            September 8, 2013 Sunday

Letters to the editor, Sept. 10

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: LETTERS

LENGTH: 535 words


The announcement was big news ("Why fewer working-age Americans are working,"
Sept. 7). Unemployment is now 7.3 percent, down a tenth of a percent. What
wasn't included in that news was that the new jobs were mostly part-time jobs --
"29ers," or 29 hours a week. What is "mostly"? The lowest number given to the
percentage of part-time jobs is 60 percent over the year 2013 (Bureau of Labor
Statistics). The Washington Post reports 77 percent, a current number. George
Mason University, 97 percent. These numbers vary because of the period they
cover. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to do the numbers.

We can quickly lower the unemployment percentage by converting as many jobs as
possible to 29 hours a week from 40. This conversion allows the employers to
avoid paying benefits. To get the work done, the organization then hires more
workers and its labor cost stays the same. The government gets to announce lower
unemployment or more jobs.

This 29-hour limit is another "gift" to the middle-class workers from the
Obamacare law -- cut your take-home pay. To get take-home pay back to a living
wage, unions and the middle class will demand higher wages. Prices will rise and
the spiral begins. European socialism, here we come! Let's hope it is not too
late to reverse this disaster as one of its lead authors, Sen. Baucus, calls it.

James R. Johnson, Stillwater

A ploy to sway opinion

The "convenient" and sudden release of what are called "classified" videos of
the chemical attacks on the Syrian people (nothing we haven't seen already) is
nothing but a shameless ploy by our government to sway the opinion of the
American people, who are mostly against military intervention in Syria, just in
time before Congress votes on whether or not to give the go-ahead for military
strikes. They know we must have a war going somewhere in order to feed our
overinflated military machine.

I have a strong backbone, and these videos are NOT changing my anti-involvement
stance. It's time to stop messing in the affairs of the Middle East.

Renee Kirchner, Farmington

The Democrats' plan

Who knew that the Democrats are more than the tax-and-spend party? They actually
have an economic plan for Minnesota. Mayor Rybak is pounding the pavement trying
to get more gay weddings performed in the state. That's great. I was getting
worried that my taxes would be increased again, this time to pay for the next
billion-dollar light-rail line and the state's portion of the Viking's stadium.
With more weddings, maybe the governor will reduce our taxes.

Gerald Agrimson, Stillwater

Too much testing

An editorial, "Keep on testing" (Aug. 29), misses the point. Currently we have
too much testing of our school kids being done for the wrong reasons. The
socio-economic divide on student achievement test results isn't new, but the
testing results dramatize the severity of this problem. And, now that the
problem has been clearly diagnosed, what is being prescribed to fix the problem?
Let's stay focused on resolving the problem by dedicating our energies and
resources to that end. When we find methods to reduce the racial and ethnic gap
in student achievement, finding the best test will be less a factor.

Pete Boelter, North Branch

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Clover Herald (South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 28, 2010 Thursday

Group to protest during Obama visit to city

BYLINE: Ted Strong, The Daily Progress, Charlottesville, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 667 words


Oct. 28--At least one conservative group is planning to protest President Barack
Obama's visit to the Charlottesville Pavilion this Friday, but others say
they're going to stick with the plans they had when the event was announced.

The group Americans for Prosperity was told that there wasn't enough time left
to apply for a permit to protest, said the group's state director, Ben Marchi.

The city never received an official application, though it's possible someone
was given such information over the phone, Charlottesville spokesman Ric Barrick
said. In any case, he said, the advance notice required for a protest is only
five days, and city officials are willing to work with protesters who for some
reason cannot give that much notice.

Americans for Prosperity has taken exception to remarks Obama has made
criticizing the group as being in the sway of outside interests, Marchi said.

"We want to show him exactly who we are," Marchi said.

They're also hoping to sway voters away from Rep. Tom Perriello, D-Ivy.
Perriello, in whose support Obama is appearing, is facing Republican Robert Hurt
and independent conservative Jeff Clark in the Nov. 2 election.

Marchi called a decision to ban all signs, not just those attached to sticks,
overzealous. In addition to signs, according to officials, anything that
wouldn't make it through airport security won't be permitted inside the
Pavilion.

The Jefferson Area Tea Party, the University of Virginia College Republicans and
the state Republican Party all say they're not planning organize contingents,
though the state party said some of its members are likely to show up freelance.

"I wouldn't be surprised if some of our folks do show up," the state party's
director of communications, Garren Shipley, said.

The local tea party will host its own event, a forum on national issues, said
Chairwoman Carole Thorpe. The event, set for 7 p.m. at the County Office
Building, was scheduled well in advance of the announcement that Obama is coming
to town, and her group decided not to shift its plans, she said.

"We're not there to disrupt somebody else's event," she said.

The college Republicans plan to run a phone bank while the president is in town,
according to that group's Loren A. Monk.

And of course the president's supporters are also expected to turn up at the
event.

For example, Organizing for America sent an e-mail Wednesday afternoon inviting
Obama supporters to the event.

And the University Democrats are excited for the event as well.

"We've been promoting the event heavily through our club and will be attending
as a group, and we are also pushing for our friends and peers outside of UDems
to attend as well. We are eagerly providing volunteers for the White House and
the Perriello campaign at the rally," wrote Krista O'Connell, a group member, in
an e-mail.

Officials also began announcing Wednesday the disruptions the visit is expected
to cause.

The first road closures in the city are expected at noon, when traffic and
parking will be banned from Seventh and Eighth streets south of Market Street
near the City Hall Annex and on Fourth Street between Market and Water streets.

From 6:30 p.m. onward, sections of Route 20, Water Street and Market Street,
along with other side streets, will be closed. Detours will be posted.

There will also be a variety of parking restrictions in the area, and bus
service will stop between 6:45 p.m. and 8:45 p.m.

Officials expect to reopen the streets at 9 p.m.

The Downtown Doggie Howl-O-Ween event will be postponed to Saturday from 6 to
8:30 p.m.

To see more of The Daily Progress or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyprogress.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily Progress,
Charlottesville, Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101028-CV-Group-to-protest-during-Obama-visit-to-city-1028-20101028

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CV


               Copyright 2010 The Clover Herald (South Carolina)


                              649 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              May 4, 2004 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

Losing in the software shuffle

BYLINE: Mandy Bryan and Emma Connors

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 857 words


Large Australian businesses are close to mutiny over software pricing as
European and US suppliers rewrite the rule book for small and medium-sized
organisations while dragging their feet at the big end of town.

Simmering resentment over the cost of software licences and maintenance has been
fanned by a decision by software heavyweight SAP to discount product for the
small and medium enterprise market but converting US set prices dollar for
dollar.

That's good news for small business but has angered others who point out all the
major software suppliers are slow to pass on any savings to their other
customers.

It's felt that the Australian sales offices of the international software
suppliers have little sway in pricing for the local market.

Chief information officers like Tony Clasquin from Colonial First State have
long known vendors are quick to adjust prices up when the Australian dollar is
weak and slow to make any adjustments in the other direction.

"We would relish the opportunity to re-align prices to our market," he said.

Another major corporate buyer, Jack McElwee , group IT director at media
powerhouse PBL, said the Australian branch offices of the major software houses
had no sway at head office.

"Some of these branch offices are no more than shop fronts totally governed by
pricing structures set elsewhere. Northern hemisphere companies tend to be
inflexible and dominated by head office policy and their legal teams," Mr
McElwee said.

Price comparisons conducted by research outfit the Meta Group on software prices
paid by some of its Australian clients have shown international vendors are not
always passing on the strength of the Australian dollar.

Meta analyst, Brian Prentice , said he did not see why Australian software
buyers, unlike their US counterparts, should have to ride the currency
roller-coaster or conduct due diligence to ensure the fairness of currency
conversions when purchasing software.

"If you create an intelligent pricing model which factors in real issues to
consumers in Australia, that issue completely disappears," Mr Prentice said.

At present, most vendors hammer out pricing in their home market most often in
the US according to what they believe the market there can bear.

That price is then converted into Australian dollars, which means companies pay
more than their overseas counterparts when the local dollar falls against the
vendor's local currency, even though their economic circumstances have not
changed.

Vendors point out that this can also work in a customer's favour. Last month US
software maker Veritas dropped its prices by 12 per cent across its product
range due to the strength of the Australian dollar.

Microsoft likewise reviews and adjusts local prices quarterly, Oracle
six-monthly and SAP annually. Most say exchange rate movements are constantly
monitored.

Mr Prentice said most vendors "hated" to go to the financial community with
exchange rate changes, so customers wore the fluctuations instead.

In addition, he said, there were often resource limitations at the local branch
level when it came to adjusting prices, as well as the problem of burning
channel partners if products could be obtained elsewhere more cheaply.

Doug Farber , the marketing vice-president for Salesforce.com in the
Asia-Pacific, said the online software company had to keep its prices consistent
globally.

He noted other complications when it came to moving to local pricing models.

"We are not economists and we are not an arbitrage business either," Mr Farber
said.

Salesforce.com's price points, he argued, were much lower than traditional
vendors which meant it was "not worried about nickels and dimes and playing
around with exchange rates".

"Economic movements are counter-intuitive and too hard to manage. It's a mug's
game," he said.

However, he acknowledged its US-based pricing model may have to change for new
markets like China.

Adrian di Marco, chief executive of Brisbane-based software vendor, Technology
One, said the mid-market was seeing plenty of competition.

"The top end is driven by global companies with global requirements who want to
deal with a big multinational and are prepared to pay a huge premium to do that.

"But large licences and huge implementations don't fly in the mid sector and for
the larger vendors, the pricing model they use makes them even less competitive
than they already are," he said.

Thomas Kablau, Microsoft's licensing manager , said he believed Microsoft's
pricing was sustainable.

He said while local pricing was "pegged pretty closely to US pricing,"
subsidiaries had some power to take local conditions into account and prices had
dropped several times as the dollar improved.

However, the biggest shake-up in pricing policy has been made by SAP, whose
local subsidiary decided on a price for its new SME product, BusinessOne.

Tim Cavill, SAP's local head of small and medium-sized business , said it faced
the option last year to follow industry norm and convert the US price into
Australian dollars.

"What we are seeing from SAP is a pragmatic approach in terms of how we are
going to market with small to medium business products," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO GRAPHS: GAINING CURRENCY. Microsoft Office v Australian dollar
exchange rate and Norton AntiVirus v Australian dollar. Source: Bloomberg,
Company price lists.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2004 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 20, 2015 Sunday

State police investigate possible OMA violation

BYLINE: Carol Thompson, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 369 words


Dec. 20--TRAVERSE CITY -- A Michigan State Police trooper will investigate
claims that one Leelanau County commissioner attempted to sway others' votes
outside of public meetings.

Leelanau County Commissioner Melinda Lautner first accused fellow commissioner
Patricia Soutas-Little of breaking the state's Open Meetings Act during the Dec.
8 meeting. Leelanau County Prosecutor Joseph Hubbell recommended Michigan State
Police Detective Sgt. Mark Henschell look into the incident.

Henschell launched his investigation into a possible Open Meetings Act violation
Friday afternoon.

"I know nothing about whatever is the issue up there," Henschell said. "I'm
starting with a clean slate, which I think is good for me."

Lautner said Soutas-Little called her and other commissioners to dissuade them
from voting for Anthony Forton's appointment to the county's Parks and
Recreation Committee.

Lautner, Soutas-Little and commissioner Debra Rushton sit on the three-member
Boards and Commissions Appointment Committee in charge of making recommendations
for committee appointments. They all initially supported Forton for the spot,
Soutas-Little said.

Soutas-Little said she later heard the parks committee members didn't recommend
Forton for the seat.

"They did not want this gentleman appointed," she said. "At least that was the
information I was given after our Boards and Commissions Appointment committee
meeting."

Soutas-Little said she then reached out to four of the five other commissioners
to confirm what she heard and ask them to consider how to proceed, not to sway
their votes.

She welcomes the state police investigation.

"I didn't violate the Open Meetings Act and I think it's important to clear the
air," Soutas-Little said.

Many speaking during public comment period at the Leelanau County Board of
Commissioners' Dec. 15 meeting called for Soutas-Little's resignation. Lautner
said on Dec. 15 she just wants an apology from Soutas-Little and for
commissioners to have a better understanding of OMA rules.

Lautner could not be reached for comment Friday.

___ (c)2015 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151220-ZK-State-police-investigate-possible-OMA-violation-1220-20151220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2015 The Record-Eagle


                              651 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                              June 1, 2012 Friday

DOLPHIN TOWER FIX YEARS OFF

BYLINE: MICHAEL POLLICK

SECTION: D; ARCHIVES; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 672 words

DATELINE: SARASOTA


2014 LIKELY: And as hurricane season begins, no remedy for swaying

SARASOTA

Even if a planned renovation occurs on schedule, the long-empty Dolphin Tower
condominium downtown -- which was deemed potentially unsafe in a hurricane by a
city engineering consultant -- will go through at least two more storm seasons
before it is ready to be reoccupied.

Though the Atlantic hurricane season begins officially today, the earliest tower
representatives will be able to apply for required city building permits is this
fall, Sarasota Planning Department officials and building representatives said.

And because the city intends to hire an outside engineer to review renovation
plans to repair faulty concrete discovered in June 2010, it will be difficult
for the 15-story tower to obtain a permit before year-end.

Construction to fix bad concrete on the main slab that holds up Dolphin Tower's
117 residences and support columns will likely take a year or longer to
complete.

If that schedule holds, it will be sometime in 2014 before residents of the
derelict tower can again live in their homes.

Although Dolphin Tower's homeowners association board believes it has whittled
down the cost of repairs from an original estimate, board president Charlotte
Ryan acknowledged engineers are still working on a cost-efficient model for
reducing the building's potential for swaying in a windstorm.

In November 2011, engineers estimated it would cost $18 million to repair the
38-year-old building.

City officials, meanwhile, say they have not set a deadline to rehabilitate the
101 S. Gulfstream Ave. building, despite a warning from a city consultant in
August 2010 about its structural integrity.

Engineer and city consultant Tom Hagood, of TRC Worldwide Engineering,
determined the building was vulnerable to significant storm damage after
creating a Dolphin Tower computer model based on original plans from 1972.

What he discovered went beyond the original issue of top-to-bottom stability,
the problem that led to concrete cracking on the building's key fourth-floor
transfer slab.

Hagood's computer analysis found that the building would have an excessive
amount of sway from side to side if exposed to hurricane-strength winds.

"The conclusion is that the building is not capable of resisting a major
hurricane event as prescribed by code without extensive damage," Hagood's report
stated.

He added, "Given the degree of overstress exhibited in the analysis, we believe
that an event even less than the maximum anticipated hurricane will cause damage
to the structure. We suggest that the city consider this aspect in determining
how the building may be reoccupied."

Even now, though, condo board consultant Karins Engineering has yet to fully
develop a plan to deal with the so-called wind-sway problem.

Ryan, the condo board president, said her group has bids on much of the required
work from three different contractors.

But she would not disclose the amounts involved or the amount of an insurance
settlement that will offset the cost for owners.

Under terms of a settlement of a lawsuit last year with Great American Insurance
Co. of New York, Dolphin Tower's association and owners are prohibited from
revealing the settlement amount.

Karins engineer John Bonacci foresees a combined approach to the wind-sway
problem, one that calls for filling hollow concrete blocks on the building's
exterior with grout.

At the same time, contractors would add "externally applied carbon fiber
reinforcement" to exterior walls. In some units, existing support columns would
be strengthened by building them into a "T" shape.

Gretchen Schneider, a top city Planning Department manager, said no deadline to
renovate has been set and the city still has no firm design plans to analyze.

Schneider added she and other city officials meet regularly with condo board
representatives and their engineer to discuss the pending repairs.

Most recently, the group convened May 8, Schneider said. When formal design
schemes are submitted, Hagood is slated to review them, she added.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A line outlines an area inside Dolphin Tower where cracks in a
fourth-floor transfer slab were discovered in June of 2010. The downtown
Sarasota high rise has been vacant since city officials declared it unsafe a
month later. HERALD-TRIBUNE ARCHIVE / ELAINE LITHERLAND / 2011

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 3, 2016 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Knicks' Overhaul Sways a Young Holdover to Sharpen His Focus

BYLINE: By SCOTT CACCIOLA

SECTION: Section SP; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 926 words


ORLANDO, Fla. -- Kristaps Porzingis glanced over the heads of several reporters
and spotted someone he wanted to meet: Jeff Hornacek, his new coach.

''I see him right there,'' Porzingis said. ''I'm kind of nervous right now.''

First impressions matter, especially when they involve two of the most important
figures for the Knicks' future. After spending recent weeks at home in Latvia,
Porzingis was in Orlando on Saturday afternoon to watch the Knicks'
summer-league opener -- and to chat with Hornacek, who offered Porzingis a warm
greeting.

''Welcome, welcome!'' Hornacek said as they embraced in a corridor at Amway
Center.

''Yes, sir!'' Porzingis replied.

Porzingis hardly recognizes his old team anymore. The Knicks underwent seismic
changes while he was gone. The team hired Hornacek, acquired Derrick Rose in a
trade and, more recently, agreed to a deal with Joakim Noah, a free-agent
center. The team is being overhauled, and Porzingis, who had a terrific first
season at power forward, is among the few holdovers.

''I'm young,'' Porzingis said, ''but we don't have 10 years to win a
championship. We've got to win soon. So that's my mind-set as well, and I know
those guys want to win right away. They've been in the league a long time, so
all I've got to do is stay as mentally focused as I can to help those guys
win.''

Over dinner with team executives at an Orlando-area hotel on Friday night, Noah
agreed to a four-year deal worth $72 million. Porzingis had planned to attend,
he said, but was delayed by travel problems flying out of New York and did not
arrive in Orlando until midnight.

''He's a high-energy guy, and I love playing with guys like that -- guys that
get on other teams' nerves sometimes,'' Porzingis said of Noah. ''He's that type
of guy.''

Phil Jackson, the team president, also spoke with reporters on Saturday. Without
referring to Noah by name -- deals cannot be made official until Thursday --
Jackson indicated that he was looking for Noah to operate as the team's
defensive backbone.

This spring, Jackson said, he happened to run into Noah in New York. They made
some small talk. Then Noah did something unusual. Seeking to demonstrate his
durability after undergoing shoulder surgery in January, Noah extended his arm
and asked Jackson to do a pull-up from it. Jackson said he appreciated the
gesture but declined to partake.

''He wanted to assure me about that,'' Jackson said.

Also Saturday, the Knicks rounded out their presumed starting five by agreeing
to terms with Courtney Lee, a 30-year-old shooting guard. Lee, who is expected
to sign a four-year deal worth $50 million, should give the Knicks length and
versatility in the backcourt.

Hornacek had said last week that the Knicks had enough scorers with players like
Carmelo Anthony, Rose and Porzingis. So Hornacek was hoping the team would
acquire a wing who could defend, create off the dribble and shoot some, too.

Last season with the Memphis Grizzlies and the Charlotte Hornets, Lee averaged
9.6 points while shooting 45.4 percent from the field and 37.8 percent from
3-point range.

It was also a solid pickup given the Knicks' shrinking pool of financial
resources. Noah consumed a good chunk of the Knicks' cap space, and free agents
have been collecting lucrative offers.

''The ground rules have kind of changed by the money that's out there,'' Jackson
said.

Anthony, meanwhile, has been active throughout free agency, Jackson said,
operating as a ''partner'' in the process. The Knicks entered free agency about
$30 million under the projected salary cap. Jackson said that he did not expect
the Knicks to achieve all of their personnel goals in free agency.

''I don't think so,'' Jackson said before Lee accepted the Knicks' contract
offer. ''But we're hopeful. We have interest, and people who are considering us.
We're appealing to people's better interests that we're going to be a team on
the move. I think that helps.''

Jackson expects that Noah will operate as a mentor of sorts for Porzingis, who
has spent the off-season working on his ball-handling and building strength in
his legs.

''He's so interested in improving almost too quickly that we're cautious about
it,'' Jackson said. ''We know it's going to take time. You're not going to be
270 pounds and a power player overnight. Take your time and do the next step,
which is work on your body, develop your skills, and the rest of it will come
along.''

Porzingis, who said he had gained about five pounds since the end of the season,
has been working out daily with his older brother Janis -- lots of shooting and
lots of dribbling. He wants to be strong enough to take smaller defenders inside
and agile enough to take larger defenders off the dribble from the perimeter.
The work is not always fun.

''It's been really annoying,'' Porzingis said. ''But I'm trying to stay mentally
focused. I can feel it day by day that I'm feeling the ball more, and just
shooting a lot -- shooting so much that it's annoying. I'm really getting tired
of it. But it's good. It pushes me mentally to a point where I'm like 'I can't
shoot no more.' And then you try to push through that.''

As for the addition of Rose, Porzingis said he was eager to play alongside a
point guard who wants to push the tempo and get to the rim. Porzingis said he
could see himself collecting offensive rebounds for put-back baskets. The Knicks
of last season were plodding. But Hornacek wants his new team to get out and
run.

''Honestly,'' Porzingis said, ''I can't wait for the season to start.''




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/03/sports/baseball/knicks-seismic-shift-
sways-kristaps-porzingis-to-sharpen-his-focus.html

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Knicks power forward Kristaps Porzingis participating in an
outdoor event in Athens on May 29. (PHOTOGRAPH BY YORGOS KARAHALIS/ASSOCIATED
PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              653 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 March 1, 1999, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

THE FAULT LIES NOT IN OUR STARS, BUT IN THE EARTH BELOW

BYLINE: John McGuire; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE, Pg. E1

LENGTH: 1310 words


* Earthquakes are a hot topic again, and that's good because residents along the
New Madrid fault need to be aware of what lurks beneath.

At 11:02 a.m., Nov. 9, 1968, the Arch bounced up and down like a stainless-steel
monument on a pogo stick.

"Does it do this all the time?" a young tourist asked a National Park Service
guide.

Guide Freddie L. Lambert, standing at the top -- 630 feet above the ground --
with more than 50 tourists rubber-necking out the observation windows, wanted to
do one thing -- avoid panic.

"It sways," said Lambert, trying to act calm.

"There was a fast vibration," he said later. "Then the motion tapered off, and
the Arch began to sway in normal fashion from east to west. The whole thing
lasted about 40 seconds."

At 11:03 a.m., about 12 feet of the sidewalk in front of the Apartment
Management Co., 4454 Olive Street, was partially buried under chunks of
shattered bricks and large pieces of concrete that fell from the building's
fifth floor. Fortunately, it was Saturday morning; the streets were empty.

Not long after the shaking and quaking stopped, the St. Louis Police switchboard
received an emergency call for the one serious injury to result from all this.
An 11-year-old was found unconscious in the yard next to his house at 2410 South
11th Street. Bricks and debris from a chimney had fallen on him, and he was
admitted to old City Hospital with head injuries.

Nov. 9, 1968, remains the most significant date of this century for scientists
who study the New Madrid earthquake seismic area, a fault zone with fissure
systems running into Kentucky, Tennessee, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri and
Arkansas.

That earthquake more than 30 years ago at a magnitude 5.5 on the Richter scale
-- moderate in the seismic scheme of things -- was the most widely felt
earthquake in the United States (excluding Alaska) in 71 years. That's because
shockwaves from a New Madrid quake travel farther than similar seismic activity
in California's San Andreas fault system because the underlying earth differs.
New Madrid runs deep, along rock beds that are not as fractured as the San
Andreas fault network.

"There hasn't been a bigger quake since (in the New Madrid zone), and it may
have been the largest this century," said Arch C. Johnston, director of research
for the Center for Earthquake Research and Information at the University of
Memphis.

Johnston is scheduled to be in town Tuesday for the second earthquake conference
to be held in St. Louis in recent weeks.

It seems that earthquakes -- especially in the New Madrid zone -- are a hot
topic again.

Johnston will speak at an earthquake conference at the Hyatt Regency Hotel at
Union Station on the New Madrid zone's biggest story -- the sequence of
horrendous earthquakes that struck the mid-Mississippi River Valley in 1811-12,
back when the Mississippi was the country's western frontier. The two largest
quakes probably exceeded in size any quake in the western United States.

Had these quakes hit a century later, millions of people would have been at
risk, many of them would have died and the property damage in St. Louis and
Memphis would have been unbelievable.

A fictional sense of what could have been is the theme of a new novel by Peter
Hernon, "8.4" (G.P. Putnam's Sons, $ 24.95). Hernon, a Post-Dispatch reporter
and editor, relied a great deal on scientists such as Johnston, and St. Louis
University's Robert B. Herrmann, a professor of geophysics, for the scientific
underpinning of "8.4," which a reviewer noted was "dense with scientific
terminology and lore," including seismic wave data, geophysics, tectonic
stresses and elastic strain energy.

When Hernon gets through with the Mississippi Valley, and a series of quakes in
the 7- and 8-magnitude range, Memphis is a smoldering mess and St. Louis is in
shambles. The Arch, which really bounced in the 5.5 quake of 1968, is twisted
and tilted toward the river at a 45-degree angle.

Johnston, chuckling, said he thought Hernon's damage accounts were a little
exaggerated, and he tried to talk him into making the big quake an 8.1 instead
of an 8.4, but "there's a lot of good science in there," he said of the book.

For Hernon, writing "8.4" reawakened the sense that we're standing and sitting,
walking and sleeping, on an earthquake zone with a hellish history. It was a bit
unsettling, said Hernon.

"This is going to happen," he said. "Whether it's in 20 years, or 50 or more, a
magnitude 7 is going to hit, and it's going to cause some pretty rough damage.
The important thing is -- get a damn earthquake insurance policy."

Hernon traveled to Memphis on three occasions to interview Johnston and members
of the earthquake center, besides calling on scientists at the Oak Ridge (Tenn.)
National Laboratory, and St. Louis University, where the Jesuits pioneered
seismic research.

"St. Louis University Jesuits sort of adopted seismology early in this century,"
said Johnston. "We're sort of the new kids on the block. They had the first
seismograph there outside of California in the early 1900s."

Otto Nuttli, a St. Louis U. geophysicist who died in 1988, was "the father of
New Madrid zone's modern research," said Johnston. His intensity maps, based on
eyewitness accounts and newspaper reports, show the wide reach of the New Madrid
quake system, named for the Missouri Bootheel town of the same name.

The shock waves for a magnitude 5 can be illustrated as a large splotch,
stretching across the middle and eastern part of the United States to Michigan
and Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Kansas and Iowa, the Deep South, the Carolinas and
Georgia.

So periodically, people in this region are reminded of this bad thing that lurks
below. The most recent big scare came nine years ago when a man named Iben
Browning frightened the bejesus out of a lot of people with his prediction that
there was a 50-50 chance for a large earthquake along the New Madrid system.

But think about it.

Driving to work, traveling under double-decker highway overpasses -- and you're
on a bridge to boot -- really brings it home ... What if?

This is earthquake country. But most of us don't think about it until someone
like Browning comes along and rattles our psyches. Arch Johnston says the
Browning prediction caused an uproar because scientists have tried to ignore the
New Madrid zone for too long.

"In California, Browning wouldn't have had a chance" because of all the research
and studies done there, said Johnston. Now, scientists in this region are
meeting and telling businesses, governments and school systems to prepare for
the worst.

Johnston's wife, Jill Stevens Johnston, also a scientist at the Memphis center,
was here last month at an earthquake seminar sponsored by the American Red
Cross. She probably summed up the situation of earthquakes and people as well as
anyone when she said: "The mentality is that it really isn't going to happen to
us."

So when someone like Hernon writes a piece of fiction about the incredible
destructive potential of the New Madrid zone, you can only hope that it bears
little resemblance to reality, although it makes you wonder.

"This century, New Madrid has been a good neighbor," said Arch Johnston, noting
that the worst thing was the moderate quake in 1968.

Of course, no one knows what to expect in the coming millennium. "Nobody really
knows," said Charles Ammon, a St. Louis University geophysicist, because such
predictions are wrapped in uncertainty. Which make earthquakes unlike other
natural disasters -- where satellite technology warns us about approaching
severe weather, and floods and blizzards can also be charted.

Earthquakes can hit on a sunny day -- and they blindside us.

The Web site for St. Louis University's earthquake center is
http://www.eas.slu.edu

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (1) Photo - Broken masonry littered the sidewalk at 4459 Olive
Street following the 5.5 magnitude quake of Nov. 9, 1968, the most widely felt
earthquake in the U.S. in this century.
 (2) Color Photo - Peter Hernon based his novel partly on the huge quakes of
1811-12. (Photo of "8.4" book cover.)
 (3) Photo - The earth parted near Chester, Ill. in 1955, leaving this
four-foot-wide, 20-foot-deep fissure after another New Madrid earthquake jolt

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              654 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Maryland: Blue October - The Sway Tour Sep 13, 2013

LENGTH: 81  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Maryland Office of Tourism, The State of Maryland has issued the following news
release:

The rock band, Blue October, comes to The Fillmore as part of The Sway Tour, on
the heels of their latest album release.
Category: Arts-Performing
Venue: The Fillmore Silver Spring
Location:    8656 Colesville Rd
Silver Spring, Maryland
County: Montgomery County
Event Hours: 7:30pm
Region: Capital Region
Phone: 301-960-9999

For further information please visit: http://calendar.visitmaryland.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           December 30, 2006 Saturday
                              Correction Appended

Football fiestas;
Gameday at Ohio State and Florida is a spectacle of color and noise, and each
school has its unique traditions. We'll let you judge which is best.

SECTION: Pg. C-9

LENGTH: 858 words


SONGS

OHIO STATE

HANG ON SLOOPY

The Buckeyes' band plays this a couple of times per game, and the fans chant
O-H-I-O. The song was originally recorded by The McCoys, a Dayton rock band, in
1965. In the 1980s, the state legislature named it the state's official rock
song.

FLORIDA

WE ARE THE BOYS

At the end of the third quarter, Gators fans link arms at Florida Field and sway
back and forth while singing this song. Each row sways in an alternate
direction, which creates a neat look.

NOISE-MAKERS

OHIO STATE

VICTORY BELL

In the southeast corner tower of Ohio Stadium, a bell rings for about five
minutes when the clock hits 00:00 after a victory, a tradition that began in
1954. The bell weighs 2,420 pounds.

FLORIDA

SING-A-LONG

After each home victory, Gators players gather in front of the student section
and sing the alma mater and the fight song before heading to the locker room.

PRACTICE

OHIO STATE

SENIOR TACKLE

A tradition since 1913 in which the seniors hit the blocking sled one final
time. For many years, the event was held following the last practice before the
season finale with Michigan, but depending on the Buckeyes' postseason
destination, it has sometimes been moved to the last home practice before the
team departs for its bowl game.

FLORIDA

SENIOR TACKLE

Another tradition that Meyer implemented at Florida. During the final practice
before the bowl game, each Gators senior makes one final tackle. The players
then gather in a group, and each senior speaks, as does their position coach and
the younger player assigned to them.

PREGAME HYPE

OHIO STATE

SCULL SESSION

This started as a pregame rehearsal for the band and grew into a pep rally in
which St. John Arena, the Buckeyes' old basketball facility, is packed to the
rafters two hours before each home football game. Tressel now brings the team
and recruits in before the game, the fans go nuts, the band plays the fight
song, Tressel and a captain say a few words, and they head to the locker room.

FLORIDA

GATOR WALK (above)

Urban Meyer instituted this in his first season. The players arrive at Florida
Field two hours before kickoff and file through a screaming throng of fans from
University Avenue into the North end zone and across the field to the locker
room facilities beyond the South end zone.

REWARDS

OHIO STATE

BUCKEYE STICKERS

Plastered on Ohio State players' helmets are quarter-sized decals of buckeye
leaves, which are given as rewards for big plays and consistency. The tradition
began in 1968 when coach Woody Hayes and trainer Ernie Biggs changed the look of
the uniforms.

FLORIDA

HIT CITY

Each week, the coaching staff puts together this highlight video of the best
hits from the previous game. Anyone who makes the video also receives a hat.
Safety Reggie Nelson has appeared more than any other Gators player this season.

GARDENING

OHIO STATE

BUCKEYE GROVE

Since 1934, a buckeye tree with a plaque has been planted at the southwest
corner of Ohio Stadium to honor each first-team All-American. This season,
quarterback Troy Smith, linebacker James Laurinaitis and defensive tackle Quinn
Pitcock earned trees, which usually are planted during a pre-spring game
ceremony.

FLORIDA

COMMUNITY SERVICE

Urban Meyer began this for his first spring game, when the losing team -- along
with administrators and coaches assigned to that team -- planted 400 crepe
myrtle trees along Radio Road on campus. Future losers will do other community
projects on campus.

MASCOTS

OHIO STATE

BRUTUS BUCKEYE

He has perhaps the biggest head of any mascot in college football.

FLORIDA

ALBERT THE ALLIGATOR

He has sharp teeth and a girlfriend (Alberta).

MARCHING BANDS

OHIO STATE: SCRIPT OHIO (above)

An ESPN poll ranked this the No. 1 college football tradition earlier this year.
A senior sousaphone player is the usual I-dotter, and hundreds of prospectives
try out to become one of these people. Every once in a while, the Buckeyes allow
somebody famous dot the I. Jack Nicklaus did it this past season. Other
I-dotters were Woody Hayes, Bob Hope and (inexplicably) Buster Douglas, a
Columbus native who knocked out Mike Tyson for the heavyweight title in 1990.

FLORIDA

THE PRIDE OF THE SUNSHINE

Florida's marching band doesn't do anything comparable to Script Ohio, although
they do spell out "Gators" in script.

SUPER FAN

OHIO STATE

NEUTRON MAN

Neutron Man was Orlas King, a fan who died in 2004. The band played the Pointer
Sisters song The Neutron Dance at some point during the 1980s, and King went
nuts with a goofy dance. It caught on, and everybody watched King do a crazy
dance whenever the band played the song, earning him the nickname.

FLORIDA

MR. TWO BITS

George Edmondson Jr. (right) is a longtime Gators fan who travels through
sections of Ben Hill Griffin Stadium leading cheers of "Two bit, four bits, six
bits, a dollar ... all for the Gators, stand up and holler!" Edmondson, 84,
started his career in 1949 during Florida's game against The Citadel. Edmondson
attended The Citadel, but he was upset that Gators fans were booing their own
team, so he led the Two Bits cheer and has been doing it ever since, even though
he officially retired in 1998.

Compiled by MICHAEL DIROCCO and SCOTT KENDRICK/The Times-Union

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: January 3, 2007



CORRECTION: Because of an editor's error, the photo on Page C-9 Saturday of the
Florida football team entering the field was misidentified as the "Gator Walk."

GRAPHIC: Photo
BRIAN W. KRATZER/The Gainesville Sun Gator Walk SCOTT KENDRICK/The Times-Union
Marching bands The Gainesville Sun George Edmondson Jr.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Florida Times-Union


                              656 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             August 5, 2007 Sunday

LOBBYING;
Raise the bar

SECTION: Pg. D-2

LENGTH: 726 words


It's easy to take good ethics in government for granted until they appear to be
lacking.

And, while the current grand jury probe into the City Council's open government
practices isn't related to a yearlong rewrite of the city ethics code, it does
help launch city ethics policies into the public spotlight.

And that's healthy.

Strong ethics guidelines and practices help ensure that government works for the
people rather than special interests.

The city's Ethics Commission has been working for the last year on upgrading the
city's ethics code.

The advisory group's proposed ordinance - which includes provisions on gifts and
secondary employment among other items - is expected to be considered by City
Council this fall.

"The reason for doing this is to ensure that citizens can have confidence in
their government, that the people who are appointed and elected are exhibiting
the types of behavior we all want public officials to have," said Mary Alice
Phelan, chairman of the city Ethics Commission and a former member of the
Florida Commission on Ethics.

That especially includes interactions with lobbyists, and Jacksonville can make
some important adjustments.

CLOSE SCRUTINY WARRANTED

Lobbyists are involved with all kinds of clients and issues. They often seek to
influence decisions that could profit their clients, particularly relating to
the use of land. They also can be active in helping to finance the campaigns of
those they seek to sway.

How can the public be sure their influence isn't overriding?

One proposal by the Ethics Commission suggests the city impose stronger gift
limits on lobbyists.

Under state guidelines, officials have $100 limits on gifts but can take as many
of those as they want. The commission wants to cap the total at $250 from one
source in a year to prevent abuse.

That's better, but gifts should be banned altogether from lobbyists or
organizations that use them to sway local officials.

That would mean an end to free dinners and gifts that can bring the credibility
of public officials into question.

But it would not, for instance, preclude a civic group from providing a free
lunch to a public official who is speaking to the group or keep an official from
accepting a framed plaque of appreciation from a youth group.

A gift ban already applies to state lawmakers, and one is being proposed for
members of Congress.

Why shouldn't one apply to local government in Jacksonville?

The Ethics Commission also is proposing that lobbyists be required to report a
range of earnings from their clients on specific issues, a measure akin to
stricter lobbying requirements for state government. It's a good idea to give
the public a better grip on the role paid lobbying plays in the decision-making
process, particularly when public dollars are being allocated.

LEE COUNTY'S EXAMPLE

If City Council members really want to provide more transparency for the public
on lobbying, they should adopt the approach of Lee County in Southwest Florida.

It requires a wide range of officials to report quarterly on who has lobbied
them on issues before the county commission.

That includes the county commissioners and their aides, the county manager and
assistant county managers, department heads and deputies and even county
attorneys. The reports - which are public record - only apply to people who are
contacting those officials on behalf of someone else, whether it be a civic
group, homeowners association or a developer.

Reporting forms include the date, whether it was a phone call or personal visit,
the name of the lobbyist, the principal being represented and the general topic
of discussion. Public officials who do not comply are subject to losing their
jobs.

The ethics of the Jacksonville City Council are already under scrutiny.

This is an ideal time for the council and its 10 new members to raise the bar on
ethics for all of city government, particularly when it comes to lobbyists.

Banning gifts from lobbyists and requiring more reporting on who is lobbying
whom would be commendable steps in that direction.

LOWDOWN ON LOBBYISTS

CHANGES WE LIKE

- Ban all gifts from lobbyists, as the state Legislature has done.

- Require lobbyists to disclose fees on issues, as proposed by the city Ethics
Commisison.

- Adopt Lee County's methods for requiring a wide range of officials to disclose
lobbying contacts on business before City Council.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Florida Times-Union


                              657 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Alberni Valley Times (British Columbia)

                              June 24, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Readers and reciters group to break for summer

BYLINE: Winston Joseph, Special to Alberni Valley Times

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 446  words


This has been a very successful season in our new home at Abbeyfield. Thanks to
Orlando and all the residents who have been supporting this group by their
participation and hospitality. We invite you all to attend the last session
until September. At our last meeting Pearl Anderson recited The Naming of Parts.
Mary Ella Newberry recited Solitude by Ella Wheeler. I would like to share Ben
Potter's recitation with you.

ABOU BEN ADHEM

Abu Ben Adhem (may his tribe increase)

Awoke one night from a deep dream of peace

And saw within the moonlight in his room

Making it rich and like a lily in bloom

An angel writing in a book of gold.

Exceeding peace had made Ben Adhem bold

And to the presence in his room he said

"What writest thou?" The angel

With a look of all sweet accord answered,

"The names of all those who love the lord!"

"And is mine one?" said Abu,

"Nay..not so",replied the angel.

Abu spoke more low but cheerly still and said,

"Write me as one that love my fellowmen."

The angel wrote and vanished.

The next night it came in a great wakening light

And showed the names whom love of God has blessed,

And Lo! Ben Adhem's name led the rest!

Inspired by Mairuth Sarsfield, who did a reading from her book: No Crystal Stair
to our group recently, I decided to look into the poems of Langston Hughes. The
title of her book was based on one of Hughes' poem!

Here is The Weary Blues by Langston Hughes. (Thanks, Mairuth)

Droning a drowsy syncopated tune

Rocking back and forth to a mellow croon,

I heard a negro play.

Down on Lenox Avenue the other night

By the pale dull pallor of an old gas light

He did a lazy sway.

He did a lazy sway.

To the tunes o' those Weary Blues.

With his ebony hands on each ivory key

He made that poor piano moan with melody.

- Blues!

Swaying to and fro on his rickety stool

He played that sad raggy tune like a musical fool.

Sweet Blues!

In a deep song voice with a melancholy tone

I heard that Negro sing, that old piano moan

"Ain't got nobody in all this world,

Ain't got nobody but ma self.

I's gwine to quit ma frowin'

And put me troubles on the shelf."

Thump, thump, thump, went his foot on the floor.

He played a few chords and he sang some more

"I got the Weary Blues

And I can't be satisfied.

Got the weary blues

And can't be satisfied

I ain't happy no mo'

And I wish that I had died."

And far into the night he crooned that tune.

The stars went out and so did the moon.

The singer stopped playing and went to bed

While the Weary Blues echoed through his head.

He slept like a rock or a man that's dead.

Now it is your turn! If you can not recite, you can read, if you can not recite
or read, you can listen! There is a place for you at Abbeyfield on June 29 at 6
p.m. Will you be there?

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: WInston Joseph photo; I was inspired to read some negro poetry after
hearing this woman. It is good to know that as a small group, we were able to
get an author and her husband to read for us. Here is Mairuth, Sylvia Springer
and Pearl Anderson. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Alberni Valley Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 2, 1994, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

F.Y.I.

BYLINE: By JENNIFER STEINHAUER

SECTION: Section 13; Page 2; Column 5; The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 772 words



That Subway Sway

Q.  Why are the metal "straps" in buses and subways designed to swing?

A.  They don't swing, they spring, said Termaine Garden at the Transit
Authority. When the subway opened in the 1904, the cars were equipped with
leather straps that gave easily, so passengers would not slip and fall when the
train moved. In the 1930's, trains got metal grips, like the ones you see today,
which contain springs so that the "strap" will still swing as the cars sway.


Take the 8 Train



Q.  Why are there 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 9 lines on the IRT, but no No. 8? It
has to have been a deliberate decision, since the No. 9 came into being only
about four years ago, when skip-stop service was inaugurated on the No. 1 line
and an additional number was needed for the new service.
A.  The shuttle between Grand Central Station and Times Square was long ago
known as the 8. Internally, it is still referred to as such, so it would be
confusing for Transit Authority employees to add a new 8 to the mix. (Try to get
a rush-hour chuckle by sliding over to a transit worker near the shuttle track
sometime and whisper, "Do you know when the next No. 8 train might arrive?")


Whose Signs Are They?



Q.  Why do street signs face into the streets rather than out toward the
avenues? It is most annoying for bus riders, because the signs cannot be seen as
the bus cruises by the streets, particularly when it is dark.
A.  Street signs once all faced the same direction, until the early 1970's, when
the traffic commissioner mandated that they all read in the same direction that
the street ran. So now, instead of the street signs running on top of one
another, Broadway runs in the direction of the street, and the sign on 53d
street, where it meets, runs in the direction of that street.

This way, tourists know right away whether they are standing on Broadway or 53d
Street, and the drivers and pedestrians can easily see which street they are
approaching.

Making Paying Easier



Q.  The Brooklyn Union Gas Company supplies a business reply envelope with its
bills. This way customers can mail their payments without having to spring for a
stamp. When did they get that bright idea?
A.  "It has been going on here since about 1975," said Robert Murphy, a
spokesman for Brooklyn Union Gas. "The catalyst for it was the change in postal
service policy in which envelopes that were not stamped would no longer be
forwarded to the addressee. It made us think: 'What are we going to do about
this?' "

Mr. Murphy said that customers tend to pay their bills sooner and that people
practically stop him on the street to tell him how much they like it (quite a
coup, since virtually no one has anything complimentary to say about a utility
bill).


Tunnel Patrols



Q.  Were there not, until recently, small rail-mounted vehicles in the Lincoln
Tunnel? I had always assumed they served to help tunnel personnel patrol the
tunnel, but I note that television cameras have now been installed.
A.  A frequent tunnel taker you are not; both the Holland and the Lincoln
Tunnels have had television cameras as well as these vehicles since at least the
late 1960's, said Tony Barber, chief operating officer of interstate
transportation for the Port Authority.

The television cameras are both inside and outside and help workers to monitor
traffic flow. Once they spot a problem, they hop on the "catwalks," little
one-man vehicles that operate on a sidewalk with a handrail that runs along the
inside of the tunnels. They can quickly shoot down to a problem area, assess the
situation and then radio in to emergency workers.


A Sideways Tradeoff



Q.  Why is it that on Wednesdays, alternate-side-of-the-street parking rules are
suspended in Brooklyn except in two communities in the southwest part of the
borough?
A.  In August, Community Board 1 started a pilot project in Bay Ridge, Dyker
Heights and Fort Hamilton in which alternate-side-of-the-street parking is
required for an hour and a half rather than three hours, but in exchange are not
exempt from alternate-side-of-the-street rules on Wednesdays, as are people in
the rest of the city.

Temporary decals have been placed over existing parking signs to inform
motorists of the new hours. The old three-hour rule was established when the
mechanical broom truck drivers had longer routes, and it took them that long to
clean the streets.
   JENNIFER STEINHAUER

Questions (and answers) may be sent to F.Y.I., The City, The New York Times, 229
West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Question

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              659 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           September 4, 2008 Thursday

Palin will be branded as ordinary American

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 696 words


Palin's acceptance speech was overshadowed by news her 17-year-old daughter was
pregnant, she herself is the subject of an ethics investigation and her husband
was previously charged with drunk driving.

These, along with a litany of unsubstantiated internet rumours about her family
background and early political affiliations, made her address the most hotly
anticipated moment of the two- week convention circus. However, the National
Rifle Association (NRA) said irrespective of last night it will use Palin's
support for so-called traditional values and the right to bear arms to sway a
minority of voters who could decide the election.

Grover Norquist, a Republican strategist and board member of the NRA, said the
recent focus on Palin's family difficulties missed the point.

He said 5% of Americans would vote based on a candidate's policy on gun control
and this could sway the election in John McCain's favour.

Norquist said although the Democratic ticket of Barack Obama and Joe Biden lead
in the polls, Republicans consider undecided voters unlikely to move towards
Obama if they had not done so already.

"The abortion and gun issue will be a bigger issue this time than at any other
time since 1994. And you have Palin with all those lovely pictures of her
holding guns. They are extremely helpful. Plus our vice presidential candidate
is hot.

"These two guys [Obama and Biden] are two of the most anti-gun politicians
around and the NRA will spend $25 million (EUR 17m) in this campaign to remind
people of that," he said.

Yesterday, McCain's campaign manager Rick Davis rejected any suggestion Palin's
background had not been vetted properly.

In a conference call he said all information seeping into the public domain was
known prior to McCain's decision to select her as his running mate.

Both Bristol Palin, who is pregnant, and her fiancé Levis Johnston flew into St
Paul where they were due to sit with the McCain family in the Xcel Center for
last night's speech.

However, the release of Johnston's name caused further headaches for the
campaign when reporters immediately trawled through his personal Myspace
webpage.

On it he described himself as a "f**kin redneck" who likes hockey, hunting and
camping.

Norquist said Republicans do not see the stream of revelations about Palin,
since she jumped into the spotlight last Friday, as a problem and her
fundamental Christian views has only enthused its evangelical supporters.

He said it is an opportunity to focus on the contrast between a woman coping
with everyday life and the elitist image the McCain's team has tried to pin on
Obama.

"When you have someone like Sarah Palin, voters feel they know that person and
that person has lived their life and they know their life," he said.

Mitt Romney, who was overlooked by McCain in favour of Palin, also addressed
delegates last night. Pre-released excerpts included militant attacks on
fundamentalist Islam.

"John McCain hit the nail on the head, radical Islam is evil and he will defeat
it. Republicans prefer straight talk to politically correct talk," he said.

McCain also arrived in St Paul yesterday where he was welcomed by Palin.

Tonight he will make his speech to delegates and set out his election strategy.

Yesterday, Davis said the speech will have less emphasis on international
relations' know-how and focus more on the distinction between the Democratic and
Republican policies.

"We have a pro-life and they have pro choice. We have free trade and they have
protectionism.

"Most of our supporters think we have spent too much time talking about foreign
policy," he said.

Davis himself was in the spotlight for comments he made to the Washington Post
when he said this election was not about issues but about personalities.

Obama told a worker's rally the McCain campaign was trying to divert attention
away from the causes of economic hardship in America.

"If you don't have any issues to run on, you want it all to be about
personality," he said.

Yesterday, Davis said a single sentence had been jumped on by the media, who he
said were keen supporters of Obama and voters will get a more accurate
impression of the campaign's priorities from McCain's speech tonight.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            March 20, 2008 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

OBAMA'S RHETORICAL SUCCESS MAY NOT SWAY THE VOTERS

BYLINE: MACKENZIE CARPENTER, PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 916 words


In the aftermath of Sen. Barack Obama's strongly praised speech on race in
America and his relationship with controversial pastor Jeremiah Wright, several
Pennsylvania political experts warned yesterday the issue may not go away any
time soon.

In a state chock-full of "Reagan Democrats" -- white, socially conservative and
working-class -- Mr. Obama's Philadelphia speech may have done little to sway
them, said Terry Madonna director of the Center for Politics and Public Affairs
at Franklin & Marshall College.

"The speech may have stopped the hemorrhaging of undecided voters who liked
Obama but had questions about his link to Pastor Wright, but does it get him new
support from the blue-collar worker in Beaver Falls or Monessen who's worried
about his job? I'm highly dubious."

Others, however, thought the speech was both a rhetorical and political success.

"Don't sell the people of Pennsylvania short. That speech was addressed to all
Americans," said former Pennsylvania Sen. Harris Wofford, who introduced Mr.
Obama before his speech at the National Constitution Center. "Any one voter, old
or young, blue-collar or white-collar is a voter that counts and for people to
think it was addressed to any one group is just an example of the old politics
as usual that Barack is trying to replace."

Mr. Obama's description of himself as a "post-racial" candidate whose white
mother and black father gave him unique insights into the country's racial
divisions was compelling but incomplete, said Kareem Crayton, professor of law
and political science at the University of Southern California.

"I don't think the speech resolved all of his political problems," he added.

And therein lies the conundrum facing Mr. Obama. While it would have been fatal
politically to totally reject the Rev. Wright, refusing to do so -- "I can no
more disown [Rev. Wright] than I can my white grandmother" who viewed black men
on the street with suspicion -- Mr. Obama was not able put the issue behind him.

"Unfortunately it does not settle the Wright issue and gives ample ammunition to
people in the Republican party," said Dr. Crayton.

Still, he called the speech -- which the Illinois senator dubbed "A More Perfect
Union" -- "an important marker of where we are right now, coming in the midst of
a presidential campaign when new questions are not just raised about Rev. Wright
but what Sen. Obama's thinking is about race and its role in the political
system, which he hasn't really talked at length. ... Those things are now open
to discussion."

Throughout his campaign, Mr. Obama has tried to position himself as one whose
candidacy is not just about race, but about transcending it. Now that it's
landed in the forefront of his campaign, it's not going to go away, said Mr.
Madonna.

"The speech stopped the bleeding," said Marcel Groen, a Clinton supporter and
convention superdelegate who chairs the Montgomery County Democratic Party.
"Whether or not it goes far enough to bring Sen. Obama back to where he was
before is unclear. Once having started that discussion of race, we have to
continue it, as much as we hate to."

Indeed, do voters in Pennsylvania really want to talk about race -- or would
they rather focus on their economic futures?

A recent survey of 700 Pennsylvania voters by the Susquehanna Polling/Triad
Strategies found that large numbers of working class voters -- those without
college degrees making less than $50,000 a year -- "are angry at candidates who
make undefined promises," said Tony May, senior vice president of communications
for Triad.

"These people feel victimized and they tend to think they'll get a better deal
from someone perceived as hard-nosed and tough-talking rather than someone who
comes off as warm and sensitive. And I don't think yesterday's speech by Sen.
Obama has changed those attitudes."

The video clips of Rev. Wright damning America for its treatment of blacks and
claiming the U.S. had provoked the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, are
circulating widely on the Internet and won't go away, either.

"The language and its presentation on video is so jarring," Dr. Crayton said.
"It's not something someone can easily forget."

Still, even U.S. Rep. Joe Sestak, D-Delaware -- one of Mrs. Clinton's strongest
supporters -- said he thought Democratic voters "and Independents and thoughtful
Republicans" will soon forget about the controversy.

"I think Sen. Obama was able to transcend the issue of race by holding up a
mirror so people could say we are better than that," he said. "It will not be an
issue in November. It cannot and I will fight every day to ensure that it won't.
We must make it go away. I'm not trying to say I don't accept cold facts of
reality, but I absolutely refuse at such a critical time in our history to
believe that this could come back to haunt the senator. "

"Of course," Mr. Sestak added, "That takes nothing away from why I'm for Sen.
Clinton."

Former Pittsburgh Mayor Sophie Masloff agreed.

"Peoples' memories are short. By the time November comes around, I don't know
that it will make much difference, given people's nature. Believe me there will
be a bunch of other issues and they'll all forget this one."

Mrs. Masloff, a superdelegate, is still refusing to commit to either candidate,
but thought the speech was "super."

"I listened to every word. He wasn't on the defensive but went on the offensive.
And I'm not saying this because I'm supporting him, because you know I'm
uncommitted. I just thought the speech was wonderful."

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Mackenzie Carpenter can be reached at mcarpenter@post-gazette.com or
412-263-1949.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              661 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           September 22, 2015 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

20 Republicans may face retaliation for Missouri right-to-work vote

BYLINE:  By Alex Stuckey  St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 473 words


JEFFERSON CITY o Republican state Rep. Randy Pietzman stood on the House floor
Wednesday afternoon and explained switching his "no" vote on "right to work" to
a "yes" after doing more research.

"My job was to represent 100 percent of the workers in the state," Pietzman, of
Troy, said. "I think we all need to remember that."

Pietzman did what Republican leaders had hoped for all summer: He switched his
vote to favor a measure that would bar companies from requiring union membership
or dues as conditions of employment. So did three other Republicans: Robert
Cornejo of St. Peters, Dan Shaul of Imperial and Jim Neely of Cameron.

But their votes weren't enough to override Gov. Jay Nixon's veto during the
Legislature's annual veto session Wednesday. The bill died in the House with a
vote of 96-63, 13 votes short of the 109 needed to override.

Twenty Republicans voted against right to work. Republican Lt. Gov. Peter
Kinder, who is running for governor in 2016, called them out on it after veto
session.

"I spent much of the winter, most of the spring and most of the summer working
to sway people to vote in favor of the measure, and those efforts escalated in
the days leading up to and the day of the veto session," Kinder said in an
email.

"I happen to believe (Republicans who voted against the bill) are mistaken both
on the policy and the politics of that vote."

And he said no one should be surprised if that vote is used against them in the
2016 election cycle.

Before the veto session, David Humphreys of Joplin dropped $500,000 into a
committee allegedly aimed at challenging Republican lawmakers who voted against
right to work. But the potential threat didn't sway enough Republicans to
override Nixon's veto. Humphreys did not respond to a request for comment.

Kinder is among several Republicans planning to run for governor in 2016.
Missouri House Speaker Catherine Hanaway, state Sen. Bob Dixon, state Rep. Bart
Korman and former state Rep. Randy Asbury all have announced they will run.
Former Navy SEAL Eric Greitens and businessman John Brunner are expected to join
in the fray soon. Attorney General Chris Koster is the only Democratic candidate
so far.

Kinder is not alone in his support for right to work among the Republican
candidates.

And that's why bill sponsor Rep. Eric Burlison, R-Springfield, said it's only a
matter of time before right to work becomes law.

Nixon's veto is what tripped up Republican leaders' plan for passage of right to
work. Even without the support of all Republicans, both the House and Senate
passed the measure with more than enough votes to make it law. But the
Democratic governor's veto of the bill meant they needed a higher number of
votes to trump him.

Many Republicans, including Burlison, believe that a Republican governor would
make the passage of right to work a foregone conclusion.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 23, 2015



CORRECTION: Catherine Hanaway is a former speaker of the Missouri House of
Representatives. Her position was incorrect in a story in Tuesday's main news
section.

GRAPHIC:  The Missouri State Capitol in Jefferson City on May 17, 2013. Photo by
Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            February 10, 2017 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Ram Power Wagon Is An Off-Road Beast; Unique suspension allows it to tackle
terrain that would deter others

BYLINE: Lesley Wimbush, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: DRIVING; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 1014 words


VALLEY OF FIRE, NEV. We're only 80 kilometres northeast of Las Vegas, but the
contrast is startling. Deep in the heart of the Mojave Desert, the striated
cliffs, twisted rock formations and vast blue sky are the perfect antidote to
the tawdry lights of the Vegas strip.

The deep canyons and great shifting sand dunes provide a terrific playground for
evaluating the rock-crawling prowess of the latest Ram Power Wagon. Its name is
derived from the iconic Dodge Power Wagon, introduced in 1946 as a weapons
carrier and the world's first 4x4 pickup truck. The badge was resurrected in
2005 for special hardcore offroad versions of the Ram.

While the important mechanical bits in the 2017 Power Wagon remain unchanged, it
returns with a tough new exterior more fitting for a brawny rock-crawler. Where
the previous model was festooned with far too much brightwork for a serious
off-roader, the new design eschews gaudy chrome in favour of blacked-out grille,
a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips, rugged wheel arches, and black mirror
caps with matching wheels.

The interior gets some exclusive Power Wagon badging, an optional black
headliner and tire tread-themed seat inserts. "Dragon's vomit" splashy side
graphics give way to two-tone paint with black or silver decals.

It certainly looks the part of dedicated rock-crawler. And underneath the macho
exterior is an arsenal of off-road equipment that leads Fiat Chrysler to claim
the Power Wagon is "the most capable truck in Canada."

This includes complete underchassis armour, Bilstein monotube shocks, five-link
coil rear suspension, electronic disconnecting sway bar, electric locking front
and rear differentials, 33-inch Goodyear off-road tires and a 12,000-pound Warn
winch up front.

The Power Wagon boasts 363 millimetres of clearance, 660 mm of wheel travel and
762 mm of water fording. Approach angle is 34 degrees, departure 23.5 and
break-over angle 25.5.

It's powered by the 6.4-litre Hemi V-8 engine, with 410 horsepower and 429
pound-feet of torque. (Unfortunately there's no Cummins diesel option, because
there's no room behind the Warn winch for an intercooler.) The engine is mated
to a heavy duty six-speed automatic transmission, and while the driveline lacks
the prodigious torque of the Cummins diesel, it's plenty powerful enough for
even the most gruelling climbs.

As any hardcore off-roader knows, the secret to clambering over enormous
obstacles and inching up jagged cliffs lies in suspension articulation. Simply
put, it's the vehicle's ability to keep all four wheels in contact with the
ground, regardless of how rough the terrain.

Many trail enthusiasts remove the sway bar to get more flex, but the downside is
a truck that wallows and rolls when they leave the trail for everyday roads.

Getting to Fire Valley entailed nearly two hours of highway driving, over which
the Ram exhibited solid handling with very little roll. Potholes and washboard
pavement were nicely absorbed by the suspension damping, with little intrusion
into the cabin.

The secret to the Power Wagon's versatility lies in its "Ram Articulink" front
suspension setup, which uses high-movement joints between the control arm and
axle mount for more flexibility and up to 660 mm of vertical wheel movement.

Instead of stopping at the trail head and grabbing the tool box, the Power Wagon
lets you disconnect the sway bar from inside the truck by simply pushing a
button. The class-exclusive, electronically disconnecting "smart bar" allows the
front axle to move independently of the frame, which of course lets the truck
flex over large obstacles while keeping rubber on the ground.

In the rear, the Power Wagon has the same multi-link coil rear suspension used
by all Ram 2500 HD trucks. Its advantages over traditional leaf springs include
less unsprung mass, better articulation and less shuddering over rough surfaces
from undesirable axle rotation.

Most of the sandy roads required only 4WD. But when our way became strewn with
large boulders and deeply rutted tracks, we switched over to 4LO, which allowed
us to climb steep hills quite effortlessly.

The truck's hill-descent control system allowed us to set a steady speed
downward without touching the throttle or brake pedal.

Fire Valley's name is derived from the deep red sandstone of its canyons, and
erosion has sculpted some unique rock formations which we had to circumnavigate
or clamber over. Using the dash-mounted swaybar disconnect frees up the front
wheels, giving them a greater range of movement to climb over even enormous
boulders and slabs of rock. The beefy treads of the Goodyear Wrangler tires find
purchase on the smooth stone as we inch our way upward. Although there's the
occasional wince-inducing clang of metal hitting rock, the Power Wagon's
underside is generously protected by steel armour. It's a bit surreal seeing
such a long, heavy vehicle undulating and inching upward on such rugged terrain.

Fiat Chrysler says the new Power Wagon is the most capable off-road truck in
Canada, a lofty claim that will have Ford F-150 Raptor owners throwing down the
gauntlet. While there's a lot of overlap between the two vehicles, the Raptor is
a high-speed desert racer, able to launch itself off sand dunes, and the Power
Wagon is a tough, brawny rockcrawler with a 685-kilogram payload and the ability
to tow 4,550 kg of gear to the trail site.

Its 5,445-kg electric winch comes in handy for extricating those unfortunates
who find themselves stuck or, as we found out, upside down.

Using a steep rock face to flip over a caged Toyota 4Runner, the Ram folks
demonstrated how quickly the Power Wagon was able to winch the 4Runner away from
the wall and back over onto its wheels.

In addition to the Class 5 receiver hitch, the Ram Power Wagon comes with an
optional cargo-view camera for monitoring payload, and a tailgatemounted
rear-view camera.

The 2017 Ram Power Wagon is available in Canadian dealerships now, starting at
$58,945 and available with a leather and luxury package ($4,995).

Driving.ca !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lesley Wimbush, Driving; With 363 millimetres of clearance and 660 mm
of wheel travel, the 2017 Ram Power Wagon 2500 had no problems navigating the
sandstone boulders strewn about in Nevada's Valley of Fire.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             January 1, 2012 Sunday

Iowa voters hold sway over how president is chosen

SECTION: Pg. A9

LENGTH: 519  words


DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) - All across Iowa Tuesday, tens of thousands of Republican
voters will travel through a chilly Midwestern night to the warmth of a local
church or gymnasium for caucus meetings to select presidential candidates, the
first voting in the 2012 election campaign.

These Midwestern, mostly white voters hardly resemble America as a whole, and
their voting system puzzles most people. Yet Iowa holds substantial sway over
how the nation chooses the president.

The caucus process seems arcane and mysterious, even to people in Iowa. That is
in part because most people don't even participate. About 359,000 people - 17
percent of registered voters in Iowa - showed up for Democratic and Republican
caucuses in 2008. Turnout will certainly be lower this year, since Obama is
unopposed. And the GOP turnout may not exceed the record-setting 120,000
attendees that the party's contest saw four years ago.

Caucuses are held in all of the state's 1,774 voting precincts, some in remote
spots where only a handful of voters gather, others in big community centers or
schools that host several precincts under one roof. In all, Republicans will
gather in about 800 locations.

This relatively small number of voters, and their overwhelmingly white makeup,
routinely bring Iowa's caucuses under attack by outsiders who want more clout
for their own states. Only 5 percent of Iowa's electorate is Hispanic and only 3
percent is black, compared with a national electorate that is 16 percent
Hispanic and 12 percent black.

While both parties in Iowa use the caucus system to choose candidates,
Republicans and Democrats go about things differently.

For the GOP, the caucuses are simply a straw poll, meaning the results are not
binding. While Democrats use the caucuses to choose delegates who are expected
to support their favored candidate, Republicans handle that later at county and
district conventions.

After electing a temporary chair to run the meeting and a secretary to record
the proceedings, any Republican who chooses can briefly speak in favor of a
candidate. Ballots are then passed out and participants mark their choices in
private. Those ballots are quickly counted and the results called into party
headquarters, where they are posted online as they are received.

Any Republican voter can participate, including those who register when they
arrive at the event. People too young to vote can also take part if they will be
18 by the general election.

Democrats, when there are multiple candidates, take a more convoluted approach.

Democrats break into preference groups at their caucuses, publicly declaring
which candidate they favor. Candidates must get support from 15 percent of those
attending the caucus in order to receive votes. Once they break into those
groups, activists try to attract those whose candidates have fallen short of the
15 percent threshold.

After the results are reported to party headquarters, the numbers are run
through a formula that changes the value of votes based on a county-by-county
analysis of Democratic performance in the last gubernatorial and presidential
elections.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                               May 9, 2008 Friday

'Idol' fans to descend on Murray

BYLINE: Scott D. Pierce Deseret News

LENGTH: 691 words


"Idol" mania descends on Utah today as hometown favorite David Archuleta is
honored, feted and celebrated.

The "big event" comes this afternoon when tens of thousands of fans are expected
to descend on Murray High, where Archuleta attended school until he became an
"American Idol" finalist this year.

But he'll be kept running throughout the day. Among the scheduled stops are
appearances on Fox 13's morning show at 7 a.m.; on KZHT-FM 97.1 at 8:30 a.m.; on
K-Bull FM-93 at 9:30 a.m.; and at the AT&T store at The Gateway at 10:30 a.m.

And Murray High School, 5440 S. State, will become the center of the local
"Idol" universe with a big pep rally at 4:15 p.m.

Channel 13's Web site, myfoxutah.com, will stream hourly updates, and both the
Web site and KSTU-Ch. 13 will cover the pep rally live from 4-5:30 p.m.

While the weather forecast for this afternoon isn't overly optimistic, the folks
in Murray are trying to be. They aren't going to let anything rain on their
parade -- the Archuleta plans won't change, no matter what the skies decide.

"We are having a party whether it rains or not. But it is not going to rain,"
Murray city's chief of staff Jan Wells said with a laugh.

Archuleta will be followed throughout the day -- from the time he arrives at Ch.
13 for the 7 a.m. show until he performs the national anthem just before the 7
p.m. Jazz-Lakers game and beyond -- by "American Idol" cameras. "American Idol"
will use footage from Archuleta's day, as well as from similar events scheduled
in the hometowns of fellow finalists David Cook (Kansas City, Mo.) and Syesha
Mercado (Bradenton/Sarasota, Fla.) in Tuesday's episode of the top-rated TV
show.

With the competition down to three, the most recently eliminated "Idol" finalist
isn't venturing a guess about who'll win.

"I have no idea," Jason Castro said in a conference call with TV critics
Thursday. "Everybody's pretty strong."

Castro received the fewest number of votes in this week's voting.

The finalist famous for his dreadlocks and laid-back manner pointed out that
Archuleta "has been strong this whole time," as has Cook.

"And Syesha's been fighting all along, making it through (despite being in the)
bottom three every week."

Mercado has been in the bottom two or three of the voting five times.

"It's really anybody's game. We'll see how America sways," Castro said.

We'll also see if Archuleta's big day in Utah will help sway any votes when it's
aired on Tuesday's installment of "Idol." Murray officials anticipate a crowd of
20,000 for the afternoon pep rally, which has all the potential for a traffic
nightmare in the area of State Street and 5300 South.

City officials urge those who plan to attend to take TRAX to the Murray Central
station and walk approximately a block to Murray High. TRAX will be adding extra
cars.

Parking will be available at Hillcrest Junior High (across the street from
Murray High at 126 E. 5300 South); in the Murray Park lots (northeast of Murray
High on the east side of State Street); LaPointe Ford (which will open 250
spaces at its location just south of Murray High); and at the Intermountain
Medical Center (which will allow fans to park in available spaces).

As for the event itself, here's a quick rundown:

? 3:30 p.m.: Gates open at Murray High. No one other than Murray students will
be allowed on campus earlier.

? 3:30-4:15: Break-dancers will perform at the entrances; Murray High performers
will entertain inside the stadium.

? 4:15: Pep rally begins; Murray High cheerleaders, pep band, a cappella choir,
drill team and dance company perform, joined by the Real Salt Lake and Utah
Blaze mascots.

? 4:30: David Archuleta and his family arrive in a parade of dignitaries that
include Gov. Jon Huntsman Jr., Salt Lake County Mayor Peter Corroon and Murray
Mayor Dan Snarr. The 45-minute event will include presentations, proclamations,
two or three songs by Archuleta and a hot-air balloon lift-off.

? 5:15: Archuleta and his party head for EnergySolutions Arena, where he'll sing
the national anthem before the Jazz-Lakers game. (It won't be televised, but
plans call for it to be aired on "American Idol" Tuesday.) E-mail:
pierce@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              665 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           September 23, 2005 Friday
                             MISSOURI THIRD EDITION

DIGEST

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 468 words


LAS VEGAS

Driver in crash on Strip will face murder charges

The driver of a stolen car who authorities say deliberately plowed into
pedestrians on the Las Vegas Strip will face charges of murder and attempted
murder. Two pedestrians were killed and a dozen injured in the crash Wednesday
outside the Bally's and Paris hotel casinos.

Witnesses said the driver, Stephen M. Ressa, 27, of Rialto, Calif., accelerated
as he drove along the crowded casino sidewalk, Deputy Police Chief Greg McCurdy
said.

Eight of the injured remained hospitalized Thursday, including two in serious
condition, officials said. Gordon Kusayanagi, 52, of Hollister, Calif., died
Wednesday; Mark Modaressi, 26, of Irvine, Calif., died Thursday.

Ressa also had been sought by his hometown police in a near-fatal assault Monday
on his mother, who owned the car Ressa was driving in Las Vegas.

WASHINGTON

Landing gear problem has occurred 7 times

There have been at least seven cases in which the front wheels on an Airbus A320
became stuck in a sideways position, forcing pilots to make emergency landings.

No one was hurt in any of the landings. The latest took place Wednesday night
when a JetBlue plane touched down in Los Angeles amid smoke and sparks as the
front tires disintegrated.

About 2,500 Airbus A320s are in operation worldwide, and the number of incidents
involving jammed nose gear is not significant, Federal Aviation Administration
spokesman Greg Martin said Thursday.

"It's a safe aircraft," he said. The front landing gear is designed to rotate 90
degrees as it retracts.

METTLER, CALIF.

Quakes rattle region north of Los Angeles

A series of earthquakes ranging up to magnitude 4.7 shook an area north of Los
Angeles on Thursday. There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage.

The temblors were in the San Joaquin Valley about 70 miles northwest of Los
Angeles.

"We felt it pretty good, like someone picked up the store and shook it," said
Donald Sullivan, an employee at the Mettler Renegade truck stop and gas station.

FORT HOOD, TEXAS

Witnesses say boyfriend held sway over soldier

Two former guards convicted in the Abu Ghraib prison scandal testified at Army
Pfc. Lynndie England's military trial Thursday that England was impressionable
and under the sway of her soldier boyfriend. Prosecutors labeled him the
ringleader of detainee abuse.

Robert Jones, now a policeman in Baltimore, and Pvt. Ivan Frederick said the
dominant presence of Pvt. Charles Graner trumped military rank to make him the
de facto leader of the prison section where the abuse occurred.

England, 22, became the most recognizable of the Abu Ghraib soldiers when the
photos of naked detainees on leashes and in other demeaning poses became public.
She is charged with seven counts of conspiracy and abuse that carry a maximum
sentence of 11 years in prison.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              666 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                             July 30, 2011 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Interest groups spend millions to try to sway lawmakers on debt

BYLINE: KIM DIXON, Reuters

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 500  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


As U.S. lawmakers scramble to clinch a debt-ceiling deal before a Tuesday
deadline, interest groups are blitzing the airwaves to sway members of Congress
still on the fence.

From the pro-business Club For Growth to national labour unions, outside
interests are spending millions to try to influence a fractious debate in
Congress over how to deal with the country's yawning budget deficit and whether
to raise the government's debt limit.

With any legislation expected to pass by only a razor-thin margin, every
lawmaker's vote will likely count.

The looming deadline gives the ads more immediacy and potentially adds to their
influence, political communication experts said.

"This is a unique situation because of the ticking clock and this kind of
brinkmanship," said Michael Cornfield, a George Washington University professor.
"The only parallel I can think of is the last 72 hours during an election, and
usually then it is not as close."

The government's $14.3 trillion borrowing limit must be lifted by Tuesday or the
country will risk an unprecedented default and downgrade of its credit rating.

An ad from American Crossroads, which is committed to spending $20 million in
ads in coming months to unseat President Barack Obama, features a small girl
about to be crushed with shipping containers hanging from a crane, one labelled
"$14 trillion debt."

The 30-second ad released this week features a breathy woman's voice and ominous
music, saying, "America's economy is hanging by a thread ... it's time to take
away President Obama's blank cheque."

The ads will run in Colorado, Iowa, North Carolina, New Mexico, Nevada and
Virginia - states seen as up for grabs in next year's presidential election.

American Crossroads, a well-funded conservative outside spending group conceived
by Republican strategist Karl Rove, spent $70 million in the 2010 elections to
help unseat Democrats.

Ads from groups traditionally allied with the Democratic Party, including the
Service Employees International Union and other labour organizations, have been
blasting the airwaves since last week, heaping blame on Republicans if Social
Security and veterans' cheques are halted.

The SEIU and three other groups launched 30-second television spots in eight
states Friday. A spokesperson says they spent "six figures" for the eight ads,
after running four last week.

One juxtaposes a picture of a kindly grandfather and a soldier hugging his
grinning child with corporate suits getting out of a limousine and a private
jet. The ad urges Republicans "to stop holding the interests of ordinary
Americans hostage."

The Club for Growth also made a "six-figure" ad buy in Indiana and a slightly
smaller one in Utah this month, putting pressure on lawmakers to demand deep
spending cuts and a balanced-budget amendment.

Spending on political advertising, particularly by groups not co-ordinated with
any one politician, is expected to explode heading into the 2012 election after
several court decisions easing contribution limits.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Trump donation latest brush with fund limits;
He denies $25K was to sway fraud claims at Trump University.

BYLINE: By Steve Eder and Megan Twohey

SECTION: ; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 600 words


Donald Trump gave money to a group backing Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi
(left) as her office considered whether to investigate Trump University.

Donald Trump, who has repeatedly denounced pay-to-play politics during his
insurgent campaign, is now defending himself against claims that he donated
$25,000 to a group supporting Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi to sway her
office's review of fraud allegations at Trump University.

Trump's payment of a $2,500 penalty to the Internal Revenue Service over that
2013 campaign gift amounted to only the latest slap of his wrist in a
decades-long record of shattering political donation limits and circumventing
the rules governing contributions and lobbying.

In the 1980s, Trump was compelled to testify under oath before New York state
officials after he directed tens of thousands of dollars to the president of the
New York City Council through myriad subsidiary companies to evade contribution
limits. In the 1990s, the Federal Election Commission fined Trump for exceeding
the annual limit on campaign contributions by $47,050, the largest violation in
a single year. And in 2000, the New York state lobbying commission imposed a
$250,000 fine for Trump's failing to disclose the full extent of his lobbying of
state legislators.

For the most part, Trump has seemed unrepentant. Testifying in 1988 about a
$50,000 bank loan he had first guaranteed, and then repaid, on behalf of Andrew
J. Stein's successful campaign for New York City Council president, Trump made
no bones about the move.

"I was under the impression that I was getting my money back," he told the New
York State Commission on Government Integrity.

In the Florida case, Trump is accused of using a large and timely political
donation in 2013 to ward off a potentially thorny investigation by Bondi's
office: Days before the donation was made, The Orlando Sentinel reported the New
York state attorney general's office had sued Trump University and noted Bondi's
office was weighing whether to join in that litigation.

A political aide to Bondi told The Associated Press earlier this year the
attorney general had solicited the donation in a conversation with Trump weeks
before the Sentinel's article. But Trump made the donation from his charitable
foundation, in violation of tax regulations, and paid the penalty, as first
reported by The Washington Post last week.

Trump and Bondi, who is supporting his campaign, have denied any connection
between his donation and her office's decision not to proceed with an
investigation.

But Democrats and liberal watchdogs seized the opportunity to accuse Trump of
practicing exactly the sort of corrupt politics that he rails against on the
campaign trail.

Campaigning in Tampa, Fla., on Tuesday, Hillary Clinton demanded details of the
conversation in which Bondi solicited Trump's donation.

"The American people deserve to know what was said, because clearly the attorney
general did not proceed with the investigation," she told reporters.

And Jordan Libowitz, a spokesman for the liberal-leaning Citizens for
Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, said Trump's donation to Bondi gave new
meaning to recent boasts about the efficacy of his political giving. "It sure
looks like that is what is going on here," said Libowitz, whose group filed a
complaint about the donation with the IRS.

Though Trump denies it in the case of Bondi, he has been brazen in asserting he
has used political donations to buy influence - and routinely asks voters to
trust that, because he possesses that insider's knowledge, he can reform a
system he calls "rigged."

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              668 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

New Jersey: Letter: PennEast will attempt to sway public opinion

LENGTH: 234  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Hunterdon County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

PennEast is "inviting" affected landowners to meetings this month to sway public
opinion about the proposed 36 inch natural gas pipeline project.

Every affected municipality in Hunterdon County has passed a resolution opposing
this project, our Freeholders and several legislators opposed it at FERC
meetings, and over a a thousand factual citizen and expert comments caused FERC
Chairman Cheryl LaFleur to state: "We have a situation here."

PennEast will make tremendous profits at the expense of our environment, our
land rights and our safety. A 2013 article in Lehigh Valley Live quoted PUC
Chair Robert Powelson and Vice Chair John Coleman Jr. as saying: "UGI's
compliance history related to gas safety issues is patently unacceptable."

UGI is PennEast's project's manager.

FERC has appointed Tetra Tech to do an Environmental Impact Study, but as Tetra
Tech is a member of the Marcellus Shale Coalition, their study will serve the
gas industry, not us.

PennEast paid for a glowing financial report which was publicly refuted by
Jeffry Shafer, Ph.D., former Undersecretary of the US Treasury. Truth is, this
gas will go to South Jersey, New England, and almost certainly overseas. There
is no benefit to us.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

New Jersey: Letter: PennEast will attempt to sway public opinion

LENGTH: 234  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Hunterdon County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

PennEast is "inviting" affected landowners to meetings this month to sway public
opinion about the proposed 36 inch natural gas pipeline project.

Every affected municipality in Hunterdon County has passed a resolution opposing
this project, our Freeholders and several legislators opposed it at FERC
meetings, and over a a thousand factual citizen and expert comments caused FERC
Chairman Cheryl LaFleur to state: "We have a situation here."

PennEast will make tremendous profits at the expense of our environment, our
land rights and our safety. A 2013 article in Lehigh Valley Live quoted PUC
Chair Robert Powelson and Vice Chair John Coleman Jr. as saying: "UGI's
compliance history related to gas safety issues is patently unacceptable."

UGI is PennEast's project's manager.

FERC has appointed Tetra Tech to do an Environmental Impact Study, but as Tetra
Tech is a member of the Marcellus Shale Coalition, their study will serve the
gas industry, not us.

PennEast paid for a glowing financial report which was publicly refuted by
Jeffry Shafer, Ph.D., former Undersecretary of the US Treasury. Truth is, this
gas will go to South Jersey, New England, and almost certainly overseas. There
is no benefit to us.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

New Jersey: Letter: PennEast will attempt to sway public opinion

LENGTH: 234  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Hunterdon County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

PennEast is "inviting" affected landowners to meetings this month to sway public
opinion about the proposed 36 inch natural gas pipeline project.

Every affected municipality in Hunterdon County has passed a resolution opposing
this project, our Freeholders and several legislators opposed it at FERC
meetings, and over a a thousand factual citizen and expert comments caused FERC
Chairman Cheryl LaFleur to state: "We have a situation here."

PennEast will make tremendous profits at the expense of our environment, our
land rights and our safety. A 2013 article in Lehigh Valley Live quoted PUC
Chair Robert Powelson and Vice Chair John Coleman Jr. as saying: "UGI's
compliance history related to gas safety issues is patently unacceptable."

UGI is PennEast's project's manager.

FERC has appointed Tetra Tech to do an Environmental Impact Study, but as Tetra
Tech is a member of the Marcellus Shale Coalition, their study will serve the
gas industry, not us.

PennEast paid for a glowing financial report which was publicly refuted by
Jeffry Shafer, Ph.D., former Undersecretary of the US Treasury. Truth is, this
gas will go to South Jersey, New England, and almost certainly overseas. There
is no benefit to us.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            February 22, 2008 Friday

5 MINUTES TO SWAY BILL

BYLINE: KATE NASH, PHOTO BY LUIS SÁNCHEZ SATURNO

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 553 words


Nearly 125 constituents gather at the Governor's Office

to make one-on-one pitches for legislation, funding

Sway: All constituents heard

Joann Marquez wasn't dressed to meet Gov. Bill Richardson.

But she attended a meeting with him at the Capitol on Thursday anyway out

of her love for her charter school.

"I'm dressed to be feeding chickens," she laughed, motioning at her jeans and
Cariños Charter School T-shirt.

Marquez -- the business manager for the bilingual school, which also teaches
animal husbandry -- found out she'd be attending the constituent meetings after
someone else couldn't make it.

But she knew the pitch by heart as she waited in the crowded Governor's Office:
Her school needs a $420,000 appropriation, not the $110,000 it was whittled to
during the recent legislative session.

Like 124 others, Marquez came prepped for the five-minute meetings that
Richardson announced after the legislative session ended last week. The line
started forming at 9 a.m., and the governor heard all their concerns.

The activity in his office, with all its pale blue leather seats taken and
people sitting on the floor or milling about, showed interest in government
didn't end when the session did.

"A lot of people don't realize the governor and the Legislature have a lot of
power. They can affect cancer rates," said Lissa Knudsen, a University of New
Mexico graduate student who was waiting to talk the governor into signing a
measure that would allocate $4 million in tobacco settlement money to programs
including smoking cessation and prevention.

"We just want the tobacco settlement money to go to something that has to do
with tobacco," she said as she sat on the floor and munched food brought to her
by a friend.

The Legislature approved and sent Richardson 107 bills. He has until March 5 to
act on them. He planned to start acting on them this morning, his office said.
Richardson also has yet to call a special session on health care as he has said
he plans to do.

One big reason constituents showed up to the Capitol was to talk to Richardson
about capital outlay projects -- especially those he vetoed.

Tony Padilla said he was there to convince Richardson to change his mind on a
veto of money for road projects and power-line extensions in his area between
Farmington and Thoreau. "I hope he supports it," said Padilla, the Navajo
Nation's Lake Valley chapter president.

Others attended the meetings to talk about more political bills. Photographer
Alexa James, who sat on the floor and worked on a laptop, said she was willing
to wait however long it took to talk to the governor about a measure that would
allow candidates who don't get 20 percent of the votes at a pre-primary
convention to get on the ballot by collecting signatures from voters.

State law until last year allowed candidates to do that, but a bill approved by
lawmakers took away that possibility. The Legislature this year approved a fix.

James said she hopes Richardson inks the measure because it could bring more
people into the political process. "All you get is the same party hack because
that's who the delegates vote for because that's where the power is," she said.

"I think the people should decide," she added.

Contact Kate Nash at 986-3036 or knash@sfnewmexican.com Read her blog, Green
Chile Chatter, at www.santafenewmexican.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. Gov. Bill Richardson, left, meets with chiropractors Stephen
Perlstein of Santa Fe, center, Robert Jones of Albuquerque, inside right, and
George Simmons also of Albuquerque about supporting House Bill 275. The bill
would allow the administration by injection of natural substances such as
vitamins C, B-6 and B-12, and other homeopathic substances.
2. People wait in the lobby of the Governor's Office on Thursday for a chance to
speak with Gov. Bill Richardson
about pending legislation. Nearly 130 constituents met with the governor.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The New Mexican


                              672 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             May 28, 1997 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Sunrise

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 96 words


CAN FOOTBALL SWAY BOND ELECTIONS?

OMAHA (AP)  -  Nebraska is a football-crazed state, where Saturdays come to a
halt when the Huskers take the field. But does the game's influence hold sway
over school bond elections?

One bond issue expert thinks so.

Al Eveland, bond underwriter for Ameritas, tracks election trends. He noted that
57 percent of the bond issues passed after the Huskers won the championship in
Jan. 1, 1995.

The good times ended when the Huskers lost to Arizona State on Sept. 14, 1996,
Eveland said.

"I think people were feeling good about being No. 1," Eveland said.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1997 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           August 18, 2010 Wednesday

Indian cities lag behind in global listing

LENGTH: 443  words

DATELINE: Washington


Washington, Aug. 18 -- Indian metropolises trail far behind in a new
classification of 65 global cities with its top half dominated by their peers
from the United States and Europe. Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Kolkata have
been placed in the bottom half of the listing, ranked 45, 46, 58 and 63
respectively.

No prizes for guessing the topper. It's New York, followed by London, Tokyo,
Paris, Hong Kong, Chicago, Los Angeles, Singapore, Sydney and Seoul. Beijing is
15th on the list and Moscow is 25th.

Chennai, a bigger city than Bangalore as per the last census in 2001, fails to
make the cut. So is the case with several other big cities in other countries.
Size is not the only or prime criterion for inclusion in the "Global Cities
Index 2010", says the US's Foreign Policy magazine, which conducted the exercise
in collaboration with management consulting firm AT Kearney and the Chicago
Council on Global Affairs.

"Instead, the index aims to measure how much sway a city has over what happens
beyond its own borders - its influence on and integration with global markets,
culture, and innovation," say the sponsors of the survey.

Sixty-five cities with more than one million people across every region of the
globe were taken up for this snapshot, reportedly using definitive sources to
tally everything from a city's business activity, human capital and information
exchange to its cultural experience and political engagement.

Data ranged from how many Fortune Global 500 company headquarters were in a city
to the size of its capital markets and the flow of goods through its airports
and ports, as well as factors such as the number of embassies, think tanks,
political organisations and museums.

"Taken together, a city's performance on this slate of indicators tells us how
worldly - or provincial - it really is," says the survey in justification of its
chosen parameters.

Although the US and Europe hold their sway in the top half of the listing, the
survey stresses that five of the top 10 are in Asia and the Pacific.

"There's no question which way the momentum is headed: Just as more people will
continue to migrate from farms to cities, more global clout will move from West
to East."

Cities like Bangalore, Sao Paulo and Shanghai have risen dramatically thanks to
the impact of globalisation, but then the dominance of the top four centre of
old-school commerce (New York, London, Tokyo and Paris) endures. The US capital
of Washington is 13th on the index. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Pioneer. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                            April 24, 2008 Thursday
                              Correction Appended

Race for the White House: Victory gives Clinton fresh momentum: Pennsylvania is
turning point, candidate claims: Two camps try to sway superdelegate vote

BYLINE: Suzanne Goldenberg, Philadelphia and Ewen MacAskill, Washington

SECTION: GUARDIAN INTERNATIONAL PAGES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 718 words


Barack Obama faced renewed questions yesterday about his ability to deliver a
Democratic victory in November after his failure to knock out Hillary Clinton in
Tuesday's Pennsylvania primary.

With the protracted campaign entering its final phase, Clinton won the primary
with 55% of the vote against 45% for Obama, a majority achieved by decisive wins
among white voters, Catholics and low-income households.

The result did not significantly dent Obama's lead in delegates, popular vote or
fundraising, neither did it fundamentally alter his status as the Democratic
frontrunner. But Clinton cast it as a turning point. "The tide is turning," she
said in an email to supporters yesterday morning. She also reported an important
infusion of cash, raising $3m (about £1.5m) overnight.

The two moved quickly from Pennsylvania to Indiana, which goes to the polls on
May 6 and which could, finally, be crunch time for Clinton.

Clinton, who has won most of the primaries since February 3, is expecting to
take a majority of the remaining nine contests. But her team believes the big
success in Pennsylvania was to plant doubts about Obama's chances against John
McCain.

"Obama is unelectable," one of her advisers said yesterday.

Her team is hoping this argument will sway the 300 superdelegates - members of
Congress and others with automatic voting rights in choosing the candidate -who
have still to declare their support.

In six television appearances yesterday morning, she argued that her win meant
that she would be more electable against John McCain, the presumptive Republican
nominee, in November. "I won the states that we have to win - Ohio, now
Pennsylvania," she told CNN. "It's very hard to imagine a Democrat getting to
the White House without winning those states."

Clinton tried to reopen the case for counting the disqualified primary contests
in Michigan and Florida, which would shift the balance in her favour. Her team
is to raise these states at the Democratic rules committee in June and, if that
fails, at the convention in Denver in August.

In a conference call with reporters, Obama's campaign manager maintained the
dynamics of the race remained unchanged, with Obama well in the lead. "We don't
believe that the structure of the race is going to change fundamentally for
Senator Clinton," David Plouffe said.

He also dismissed Clinton's argument that only she could win the big states.
"The notion that they talk about California and New York - any Democratic
candidate is going to perform well in those states," he said.

In spite of winning by a 10% margin, Clinton made little impression on Obama's
overall lead in delegates, who will choose the candidate. The Associated Press
put her haul from Pennsylvania at 80 delegates against 66 for Obama, with 12
still to be awarded. That left him, according to AP, with 1,715 delegates,
compared with 1,589 for Clinton. She is not realistically capable of narrowing
the gap.

The Obama camp, trying to soften Tuesday's defeat, moved quickly to demonstrate
its strength in North Carolina, which also goes to the polls on May 6. It
announced it had won over 50 supporters of the defeated Democratic candidate and
North Carolina native John Edwards.

Edwards is unlikely to make an endorsement but yesterday's list included Wade
Smith, his lifelong mentor, and Ed Turlington, the chair of his 2004 campaign.
"We are going to be in the trenches helping him to do well," Turlington told
reporters.

Speaking on CNN radio, Obama denied a Washington Post story that the message
that his strategy team had taken from Pennsylvania was to match Clinton by
fighting a similarly negative campaign.

In spite of his denial, one of his team's first actions in Indiana, the new
battleground, was to distribute a negative mail-shot accusing Clinton of
double-standards on free trade, a hot issue in the midwest, where a trade
agreement with Canada and Mexico is blamed for job losses.

Exit polls in Pennyslvania showed low-income and conservative voters had yet to
embrace Obama, raising the prospect that they could defect to McCain and cost
the Democrats the White House. After a hard-fought race, Obama lost among white
women by 32 points, among Catholics by 38 points, and among middle income
households by 20 points.

Timothy Garton Ash, page 31 >=

Leader comment, page 34 >=

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: April 28, 2008 Monday



CORRECTION: Hillary Clinton has not won most of the Democratic primaries since
February 3 as we said in an article headed Victory gives Clinton fresh momentum
(page 16, April 24). We meant to say March 4.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              July 1, 2005 Friday
                                 SECOND EDITION

GOP SENATORS WEIGH UW CUT TO SWAY VOTES

BYLINE: Phil Brinkman Wisconsin State Journal

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 823 words


Senate Republicans were said to be weighing a $40 million cut to the University
of Wisconsin System and across-the-board cuts to several state agencies but had
yet to introduce long-awaited budget amendments by late Thursday.

Among the revisions, Republicans were preparing a dramatic change to the way the
state collects and spends money, requiring any revenue that exceeds specified
levels go into a special fund off-limits to legislators unless the governor and
three-fourths of the Legislature approve using the money.

The measures, which represent significant departures from the version of the
budget adopted by the GOP-led Assembly last week, were aimed at unsticking
opposition from two key senators who have complained the $52.9 billion budget
proposal spends too much.

But even if the Senate adopts the changes -- not a sure bet Thursday night --
Republicans could find themselves mired again when it returns to the Assembly.

"I would not think another $40 million hit to the university would be all that
popular," said Assembly Speaker John Gard, R-Peshtigo.

Asked what he thought of the proposal to limit state spending, Gard said only,
"Whatever it takes to get to 17" votes.

Republicans, who hold a 19-14 majority in the 33-member Senate, need every vote
to pass the budget out of their house after two GOP senators -- Sens. Rob
Cowles, R-Green Bay, and Mike Ellis, R-Neenah -- said they wouldn't back it.

The amendments being prepared Thursday sought to ensure the votes of Sens. Mary
Lazich, R-New Berlin, and Tom Reynolds, R-West Allis, who argued for lower
spending. Senate Republicans have struggled for two days to draft changes to
satisfy the two.

Senate Majority Leader Dale Schultz, R-Richland Center, finally called senators
into session Thursday evening, before drafts of the amendments were available.
Even then, senators said the final language was still being negotiated and
Republicans were unusually tight-lipped about what the package might contain.

As passed by the Assembly, the budget would give the UW System about $1 billion
in each of the next two years, or about $9 million more than the state currently
provides.

But System officials say they really face a budget hole of about $90 million
after factoring in new items requested by lawmakers and projected increased
costs for things such as debt payments, utilities and health insurance.

The Senate amendment would increase that gap to $130 million. The Senate's
budget would provide about $30 million less to the UW System in 2005-07 than it
received in the current two-year budget.

System spokeswoman Margaret Lewis said the change would significantly limit the
university's ability to meet demand. Already, Lewis said, half of the students
who apply for the nursing program at UW-Eau Claire are turned away, a fact she
said was "exasperating" amid the current nursing shortage.

Lawmakers rejected one Republican amendment, by Reynolds, to cap System tuition
increases at 3 percent. Republicans noted that UW-Madison has one of the lowest
tuitions in the Big Ten Conference; Democrats favor a tuition limit but
complained that without more state aid it would hurt university funding. The
measure failed 25-8.

The other key GOP amendment, which Lazich announced, would require all revenue
the state takes in that exceeds a formula based on inflation plus 1 percent plus
population growth to go into a new "taxpayer protection fund."

Before they could tap that fund, the governor would have to recommend the
spending and three-fourths of the legislators in both houses must approve it,
under the proposal. If the fund ever exceeds 10 percent of the state's general
fund, the excess would be returned in the form of tax cuts, Lazich said.

As lawmakers awaited final drafts of the amendments, they alternated between
taking extended breaks and shooting down one Democratic amendment after another,
including measures to double the increase in state aid to public schools from
$458 million to the $938 million Democratic Gov. Jim Doyle originally sought.

The increase, combined with far tighter limits on how much school districts can
raise in state aid and property taxes, means districts would be limited to an
average budget increase of 1.4 percent next year, a level Democrats said would
be impossible for most districts to meet and still provide the same level of
services.

"The Republican budget before us does not reflect Wisconsin values," Senate
Minority Leader Judy Robson, D-Beloit, said, ticking off a list of threatened
program cuts school district administrators have said they'll have to make if
the Republican budget is adopted.

But Republicans said their budget is more responsible than Doyle's because they
fund more of their programs with "real money," with less borrowing and fewer
transfers from other funds, which they said positions the state to better meet
its obligations in the next budget.

Contact Phil Brinkman at pbrinkman@madison.com or 252-6145.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  A similar version of the story appeared in the first edition on page A1.
The headline was: UW budget cut to sway 2 GOP senators weighed.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              676 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             August 28, 2009 Friday
                              Tampabay.com Edition

STUCK IN THE '80S

SECTION: STUCK IN THE '80S

LENGTH: 410 words


Pick flicks for Beach Theatre's '80s film fest

Film fans in Tampa Bay, great news: The Beach Theatre
(http://www.beachtheatre.com/) on St. Pete Beach is planning a '80s weekend for
late September. Owner Mike France says he's bringing back '80s ticket prices ($3
admission) and plans to run '80s music videos between show.

I'm sooo there.

But here's the best part: He wants the Stuck in the '80s crowd to help pick the
movies he'll play. Awesome. Totally awesome. Way to go, Hamilton.

One caveat: Beach won't show the same '80s flicks it showed over the summer.
That includes Star Trek 2: The Wrath of Khan, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Flash
Gordon and E.T.

But there will be two John Hughes flicks. So pick which ones you want: Breakfast
Club (seems a natural pick), Pretty in Pink (great for the music alone), Sixteen
Candles (the funniest of the bunch), Weird Science maybe?

Also, pick one Sylvester Stallone flick: Rambo II or Rocky III? (I pity the fool
who doesn't pick Rocky III, if only for the Thunderlips scene, and Apollo going
"There is no tomorrow! There is no tomorrow!")

And it wouldn't be a film fest without a little gore, so consider Terminator,
Predator and Aliens ("Game over, man!") among your options.

Personally, I think there needs to be a cult classic in the mix as well. How
about Repo Man, Better Off Dead or even (dare I saw) Buckaroo Bonzai?

Leave a comment with your picks. I'll be back here with the final picks and
dates.

Posted by Steve Spears at 01:55:53 PM on August 28, 2009

* * *

Aussie earworm: Machinations' 'Pressure Sway'

Give the Machinations some credit. Though the Sydney-based band never made it as
big as their peers (either locally or abroad), their video for Pressure Sway is
really outrageously good, especially for 1983.

The tune would become their first big hit in Australia and the U.S., reaching
the top 40 on dance charts in both countries. The band would go on to tour with
Joe Jackson and record three songs for the Oz for Africa concert.

After five albums, their career was derailed when lead singer Fred Loneragan
suffered a broken back after a hit-and-run accident in 1989. Band members
scattered to other projects, reuniting briefly in 1997 for some live shows.

If you like their sound, try this single as well: Average Inadequacy
(http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrFTXZ7e_Zo). Or get more of their music on
their MySpace page (http://www.myspace.com/machinations80s).

Posted by Steve Spears at 09:10:09 AM on August 28, 2009

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: VIDEO - YouTube (2) PHOTO

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BLOG

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           October 20, 1993 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

INSURERS TRYING TO SINK HEALTH PLAN, GROUP SAYS

BYLINE: By LARRY LIPMAN Palm Beach Post Washington Bureau

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 924 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Under the guise of being a coalition of concerned citizens, the health insurance
industry has launched a ``mega-bucks campaign'' to gut President Clinton's
health reform plan, an organization that supports the plan charged Tuesday.

It also said insurers have targeted 17 members of Congress for ``SWAT team''
efforts to sway their views by participating in the lawmakers' town meetings and
engaging in a letter-writing campaign.

The group accusing the insurance industry of deception is Families USA, a
non-profit organization which for years has advocated health care reform and is
a vocal supporter of Clinton's plan.

The targeted group is the Health Insurance Association of America, a trade
organization of 270 insurance companies that has been in a running skirmish with
the Clinton administration over its opposition to major facets of the
president's plan.

The high-stakes clash is part of efforts by both sides of the health reform
debate to sway public opinion, in part by challenging the other side's motives
and legitimacy.

At issue is HIAA's connection to the Coalition for Health Insurance Choices
which, among other activities, has sponsored a series of television
advertisements depicting a couple worrying over the kitchen table about how
Clinton's reform plan would affect their health insurance.

The coalition bills itself as ``a broad-based coalition of tens of thousands of
individuals, small businesses, major corporations and many other
organizations,'' including ``consumers, farmers, seniors and insurers.''

Ron Pollack, executive director of Families USA, said that is a ``false,
dishonest, deceptive description,'' because the coalition was ``created, funded
and fully controlled by the Health Insurance Association of America.''

Pollack distributed an inch-thick plan from the coalition, which he described as
HIAA's ``war book'' for a ``lobbying campaign . . . designed to tear the guts
out of the pending health reform proposal.''

The book was obtained by Families USA after passing through at least two people
from a person approached by the coalition to be an organizer, Pollack said. He
said the White House did not play a role in obtaining the book.

Although distributed under the auspices of the coalition, the book is filled
with references to the HIAA and instructs field operatives to coordinate their
activities with HIAA.

The book lists 486 coalition members, including 239 individuals - one-fourth of
whom Families USA said are affiliated with Benefit Trust Insurance Co. of Lake
Forest, Ill.

``We believe the vast majority of people listed are employees, agents or
families of insurance companies,'' Pollack said, adding that the membership list
doesn't come close to the coalition's claim of ``tens of thousands'' of members.

Chip Kahn, HIAA executive vice president, said the book obtained by Families USA
was compiled in the spring. Since then, membership has grown to about 17,000
members, largely on the strength of a toll-free number given on its TV ad, he
said.

``This is another example of them trying to distract us from the issue that HIAA
has been working on, which is health reform and the principles in the
president's reform plan,'' Kahn said. ``The fact is we are for reform and we are
working with other groups on it.''

Kahn said HIAA has never tried to hide its financial support for the coalition.
Both its television and print ads - which Pollack said have cost more than $3
million - contain a line indicating that they are paid for by HIAA.

Among organizations listed as members of the coalition is the Epilepsy
Foundation of West Central Florida, based in Tampa. One of the main priorities
of groups representing people with disabilities is to establish ``community
ratings'' so that people are not charged premiums based on their health
condition.

Bill Schmidt of the Epilepsy Foundation of America said the Tampa chapter is
``definitely in the process of disengaging'' from the coalition.

The only elderly group listed on the coalition document is The Senior Coalition,
a direct-mail outfit run by Dan Alexander Jr., who is on parole after being
jailed for extortion.

In instructions to its fields staff, coalition documents say that during
September and October staffers should ``set up a `swat team' of coalition
members and supporters to attend town hall meetings in (congressional members')
district.''

The instructions also tell staffers to review the lawmakers' campaign finance
reports to identify major contributors and to create a database of at least
1,000 potential allies and mail the names to HIAA.

The targeted lawmakers - six senators and 11 representatives - come from five
states: Kansas, Louisiana, New York, Oklahoma and Texas. Most are key members or
swing votes on the committees with jurisdiction over health reform. Coalition
documents also indicate plans to target lawmakers in Connecticut, Pennsylvania,
North Dakota, Michigan and Georgia, although no specific members are listed.

The listed senators include: Minority Leader Robert Dole and Nancy Kassebaum,
both Republicans from Kansas; Bennett Johnston and John Breaux, both Democrats
from Louisiana; Daniel Patrick Moynihan, D-N.Y. and chairman of the Finance
Committee; and David Boren, D-Okla., also a Finance Committee member.

The representatives include: Jim Slattery, D-Kansas; William Jefferson and Billy
Tauzin, both Democrats from Louisiana; Mike McNulty and Tom Manton, both
Democrats from New York; Bill Brewster, D-Okla.; and Texas Democrats John
Bryant, Ralph Hall, Mike Andrews, Jake Pickle and Charles Stenholm.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions.

CORRECTION-DATE: November 23, 1993



CORRECTION: In a story about health care lobbying Oct. 20, The Palm Beach Post
described The Senior Coalition as a direct mail outfit run by Dan Alexander Jr.,
who is on parole after being jailed for extortion. Though Alexander was a
founder of the group, he has not had any dealings with it since October 1992
when his contract was terminated.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Namelist

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              678 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Daily News (Kirkland Lake)

                            February 13, 2017 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Power Wagon flexes its muscles; First Drive: 2017 Ram 2500 Power Wagon

BYLINE: Lesley Wimbush, Northern Daily News (Kirkland Lake)

SECTION: DRIVING; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 863  words

DATELINE: VALLEY OF FIRE, Nevada


We're only 80 kilometres northeast of Las Vegas, but the contrast is startling.
Deep in the heart of the Mojave Desert, the striated cliffs, twisted rock
formations and vast blue sky are the perfect antidote to the tawdry lights of
the Vegas strip.

The deep canyons and great shifting sand dunes provide a terrific playground for
evaluating the rock-crawling prowess of the latest Ram Power Wagon. Its name is
derived, of course, from the iconic Dodge Power Wagon, introduced in 1946 as a
weapons carrier and the world's first 4x4 pickup truck. The badge was
resurrected in 2005 for special hardcore off-road versions of the Ram.

While the important mechanical bits in the 2017 Power Wagon remain unchanged, it
returns with a tough new exterior more fitting for a brawny rock-crawler. Where
the previous model was festooned with far too much brightwork for a serious
off-roader, the new design eschews gaudy chrome in favour of blacked-out grille,
a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips, rugged wheel arches, and black mirror
caps with matching wheels.

The interior gets some exclusive Power Wagon badging, an optional black
headliner and tire treadthemed seat inserts. Splashy side graphics give way to
two-tone paint with black or silver decals.

It certainly looks the part of dedicated rock-crawler. And underneath the macho
exterior is an arsenal of off-road equipment that leads Fiat Chrysler to claim
the Power Wagon is "the most capable truck in Canada." This includes complete
under-chassis armour, Bilstein mono-tube shocks, five-link coil rear suspension,
electronic disconnecting sway bar, electric locking front and rear
differentials, 33-inch Goodyear offroad tires and a 12,000-pound Warn winch up
front.

The Power Wagon boasts 363 millimetres (14.3 inches) of clearance, 660 mm (26
inches) of wheel travel and 762 mm (30 inches) of water fording. Approach angle
is 34 degrees, departure 23.5 and breakover angle 25.5.

It's powered by the 6.4-litre Hemi V8 engine, with 410 horsepower and 429
pound-feet of torque. (Unfortunately there's no Cummins diesel option, because
there's no room behind the Warn winch for an intercooler.) The engine is mated
to a heavy duty six-speed automatic transmission, and while the driveline lacks
the prodigious torque of the Cummins diesel, it's plenty powerful enough for
even the most gruelling climbs.

As any hardcore off-roader knows, the secret to clambering over enormous
obstacles and inching up jagged cliffs lies in suspension articulation. Simply
put, it's the vehicle's ability to keep all four wheels in contact with the
ground, regardless of how rough the terrain. Many trail enthusiasts remove the
sway bar to get more flex, but the downside is a truck that wallows and rolls
when they leave the trail for everyday roads.

Getting to Fire Valley entailed nearly two hours of highway driving, over which
the Ram exhibited solid handling with very little roll. Potholes and washboard
pavement were nicely absorbed by the suspension damping, with little intrusion
into the cabin.

The secret to the Power Wagon's versatility lies in its "Ram Articulink" front
suspension setup, which uses high-movement joints between the control arm and
axle mount for more flexibility and up to 660 mm (26 inches) of vertical wheel
movement.

Instead of stopping at the trail head and grabbing the tool box, the Power Wagon
lets you disconnect the sway bar from inside the truck by simply pushing a
button. The class-exclusive, electronically disconnecting "smart bar" allows the
front axle to move independently of the frame, which of course lets the truck
flex over large obstacles while keeping rubber on the ground.

In the rear, the Power Wagon has the same multi-link coil rear suspension used
by all Ram 2500 HD trucks. Its advantages over traditional leaf springs include
less unsprung mass, better articulation and less shuddering over rough surfaces
from undesirable axle rotation.

Most of the sandy roads required only 4WD. But when our way became strewn with
large boulders and deeply rutted tracks, we switched over to 4LO, which allowed
us to climb steep hills quite effortlessly. The truck's hill-descent control
system allowed us to set a steady speed downward without touching the throttle
or brake pedal.

Fiat Chrysler says the new Power Wagon is the most capable off-road truck in
Canada, a lofty claim that will have Ford F-150 Raptor owners throwing down the
gauntlet. While there's a lot of overlap between the two vehicles, the Raptor is
a highspeed desert racer, able to launch itself off sand dunes, and the Power
Wagon is a tough, brawny rockcrawler with a 685-kilogram (1,510-pound) payload
and the ability to tow 4,550 kg (10,030 lbs) of gear to the trail site.

Its 5,445-kg (12,000-lb) electric winch comes in handy for extricating those
unfortunates who find themselves stuck or, as we found out, upside down.

In addition to the Class 5 receiver hitch, the Ram Power Wagon comes with an
optional cargo-view camera for monitoring payload, and a tailgate-mounted
rear-view camera.

The 2017 Ram Power Wagon is available in Canadian dealerships now, starting at
$58,945 and available with a Leather and Luxury package ($4,995).

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / (See hardcopy for photo); Driving.Ca;  (See hardcopy for photo);

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2017 Northern Daily News (Kirkland Lake)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Clinton, Sanders promote free college tuition in swing state visit;
Senator's goal is to sway New Hampshire and younger voters

BYLINE: Nicole Gaudiano, and Heidi M. Przybla, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 860 words


Hillary Clinton, campaigning Wednesday with Sen. Bernie Sanders in New
Hampshire, worked to sway Millennial voters by promoting a plan to provide free
public-college tuition for working families.

In a University of New Hampshire gym packed with students, Clinton sought to
connect with those facing sometimes insurmountable college debt. Clinton said
that when she graduated from college herself, she repaid her loans as a
percentage of her income, which allowed her to take a low-paying public service
job with the Children's Defense Fund.

"I could never have done that if I had the kind of interest rates a lot of
people are facing," she told a crowd estimated at 1,200. "We are going to fix
it. This is wrong."

Clinton said when she taught law in Arkansas she met many students who scraped
together money for tuition but were sidelined by financial hardships, including
broken-down cars or child care problems.

"The American dream is big enough for everyone, and education is absolutely
essential to it," she said.

Clinton noted that New Hampshire has the highest proportion of students with
debt and the second-highest average debt per student. She said she aims to make
public colleges and universities tuition-free for families earning less than
$125,000 per year, to make community college free, and to help students
refinance their college debt.

"When you add it up, our plan will help millions of people save thousands of
dollars," she said.

Sanders, introducing Clinton, called the tuition-free proposal "revolutionary"
and said it would spare students from "outrageous levels" of debt. He and
Clinton worked together on the proposal after the Democratic presidential
primaries.

"When you have Republicans telling us that it is OK to give tens and tens of
billions of dollars in tax breaks to the richest people in this country, do not
tell me that we cannot afford to make public colleges and universities tuition
free," he said.

The rally marks Clinton and Sanders' second joint appearance in New Hampshire, a
battleground state where Al Gore's loss to George W. Bush in the 2000 election
remains a painful memory for Democrats. Audience members were given placards
with the website, Iwillvote.com, which disseminates voter registration
information.

Sanders, I-Vt., aims to help transfer to Clinton more support from the young
adults who helped fuel his unexpectedly strong performance in the Democratic
primaries. Clinton is underperforming with young adults, a surprisingly large
percentage of whom are turning to minor-party candidates.

Sanders said New Hampshire could decide the outcome of the election.

"I am asking you here today not only to vote for Secretary Clinton but to work
hard to get your uncles and your aunts, to get your friends to vote," Sanders
said. "It is imperative that we elect Hillary Clinton as our next president."

Clinton leads Trump in the state by an average 5.4 points, according to
RealClearPolitics. But Democrats are taking nothing for granted in the state.
Many believe Gore lost New Hampshire to Bush because of Green Party candidate
Ralph Nader's presence on the ballot.

"New Hampshire Democrats are haunted by what happened to Gore in 2000," said
Dante Scala, associate professor of political science at the University of New
Hampshire. "They're haunted by Ralph Nader. They look back and say look, Al Gore
would have never had to worry about Florida if he had spent more time, money and
attention in New Hampshire."

Sanders trounced Clinton in New Hampshire's Feb. 9 primary, winning more votes
than any candidate in the primary's history with the help of young people, new
voters and independents. Donald Trump overwhelmingly won the state's GOP
primary.

In July, Sanders endorsed Clinton in a joint appearance in New Hampshire and
returned to the state to campaign for her on Labor Day.

Following that appearance, Democrats saw an uptick in new volunteer activity at
all of their 26 regional offices, said Raymond Buckley, chairman of the state
party.

"There is a unique relationship between many, many New Hampshire voters and Sen.
Sanders," he said. "It's a very deep and personal relationship."

Buckley said the 2000 election is constantly on his mind.

"I'm not sure there's been more than a couple of days in a row over the past 16
years where I've not thought about it," he said. "It was traumatic for us,
understanding that what happened in those eight years, the Bush years, occurred
because frankly we weren't organized enough, we weren't strong enough and we
didn't do enough of a good job."

State Sen. Lou D'Allesandro of Manchester said Clinton's decision to campaign
with Sanders in New Hampshire is "very good politics" because she needs to get
more young people to vote.

"They think she's old-school," D'Allesandro said. "Well, she's the best school.
That's the message we've got to get across."

Clinton's choice of New Hampshire for her second appearance with Sanders shows
how important the state has become for her as Ohio leans toward Trump, Scala
said.

"It's part of the last line of defense to make sure that all the electoral votes
are there for Clinton in a narrow race," he said. "It's a worst-case scenario."


LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Taylor Hill, WireImage

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             October 2, 2016 Sunday
                                 CITY-D Edition

How the Parking Authority became a Republican patronage haven

BYLINE: By Tricia L. Nadolny and Angela Couloumbis; STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1128 words


The state takeover of the Philadelphia Parking Authority was negotiated so
covertly that not even Mayor John F. Street knew until it was too late.

Harrisburg Republicans in 2001 tucked the plan into an existing piece of
legislation. As the bill was debated on the House floor, the Philadelphia mayor
tried with no luck to get the architects on the phone. Republican Gov. Tom
Ridge, despite a friendly relationship with Street, signed off.

Fifteen years later, for some, the slight still stings.

Those frustrations bubbled up last week amid a sexual-harassment scandal at the
Parking Authority that is still unfurling and led to the resignation of its
executive director, Vincent J. Fenerty Jr.

Returning the authority to city control has been and remains unlikely, but even
Republicans in Harrisburg acknowledged that the scandal has called the status
quo into question.

"I think everything is on the table right now," said Rep. John Taylor, who as
one of two Republicans in the state House from Philadelphia holds sway over the
authority.

(Taylor has acknowledged being aware Fenerty had harassed a subordinate before
the case drew public attention last month. He told columnist Ronnie Polaneczky
last week that he tried to persuade Fenerty to leave the woman alone, describing
Fenerty's interest in her as "a disaster." Fenerty did not listen. The employee,
Sue Cornell, who later filed a formal complaint, gave Polaneczky a detailed
account of her stressful experience fending off Fenerty's persistent advances as
well as his disturbing texts, gifts, and other unwanted attention. Cornell is
senior director of strategic planning and administration at the Parking
Authority.)

It comes as no surprise that both the Democrats and Republicans would want
control of the agency, which has at its disposal lucrative contracts and employs
1,100 people, slots that can be filled with politically connected friends. The
agency has long been seen as a patronage mill, a Democratic one before 2001 and
a Republican one after.

The takeover was orchestrated by then-House Majority Leader John M. Perzel, a
Philadelphia Republican who for years held tremendous political sway in the
Capitol.

Though Perzel, who declined to be interviewed for this article, billed the plan
in part as an effort to provide more money to the city's financially strapped
schools, it was perceived as an unabashed power grab.

"I went ballistic. Absolutely ballistic," Vincent Fumo, then a senator from
Philadelphia and a leader in the Democratic Party, said last week. "It was an
arrogant display of power."

Perzel's legislation added new members to the board so it was dominated by state
appointees. While the appointments are made by the governor, the leadership of
the state Senate and House provide the choices for four of the six board
positions. As long as Republicans dominate the legislative branch, as they do
now, the party is guaranteed to control the Parking Authority.

Perzel's legislation also gave the new board members inordinately long terms -
eight to 10 years - further ensuring that Republicans would maintain long-term
control of the agency.

Gov. Wolf will not get to make his own pick for the board until 2022, and that's
if he is reelected.

Perzel came to be the go-to person on major policy decisions at the agency. But
after he lost reelection in 2010 - and later went to prison after pleading
guilty in a political corruption case - Harrisburg's role in controlling the
authority became disjointed and diffuse.

According to interviews with numerous state officials, no one stepped in to fill
the void when Perzel left.

Taylor last week said issues surrounding the authority are now managed by
consensus, not any single person.

The years since the state gained control have not been without controversy.

Payroll ballooned under Republican control. For instance, within six years of
the takeover, the number of employees drawing six-figure salaries went from two
to 20.

The authority has also consistently fallen short of the $45 million Perzel
originally estimated it could provide annually to the Philadelphia School
District, with that number ranging from $2.2 million to $14 million over the
last decade.

In June, authority executives, including Fenerty, were called before City
Council to explain why a recent parking-rate hike did not result in a predicted
$7.5 million boost in funds for the district. Officials cited factors outside
their control, such as rising pension costs.

The scandal that brought Fenerty's career to a close started last month when the
Inquirer reported that an independent investigator retained by the authority
last year concluded Fenerty had sexually harassed a woman there over the course
of two years. When it was learned that another woman had made similar
accusations against Fenerty in 2006, he resigned. He stands to collect an
estimated $154,620-a-year pension.

Asked to respond to the events of the last two weeks, elected officials in
Philadelphia have decried Fenerty's behavior. But several also raised an
overarching concern about the authority's structure. "I was adamantly opposed -
didn't have a vote - when it was taken over," said City Council President
Darrell L. Clarke, who was a freshman councilman at the time. "But it was
hijacked in the middle of the night by a couple of legislators. . . . I think it
should be back under local control."

He equated it to the state's control of the School District, a comparison also
raised by Mayor Kenney.

"Harrisburg has taken over the port, has taken over the Parking Authority, has
taken over the School District," the mayor said. "I'd like to see it
differently. But I'm not a member of the legislature, so it's hard for me to
undo it. Other than to say I wish it were different."

Kenney added that while he could advocate for the city to regain control,
changes of that kind often come from "scandals like this."

Drew Crompton, the top lawyer in the Republican-controlled Senate, said he
wasn't aware of any movement in the legislature to add a sunset provision to the
legislation.

"In this case, I don't know what the rationale would be for a sunset - who do
you give it back to? Under whose auspices?" he said.

Taylor said there was never an intent to return the Parking Authority to full
city control. But he conceded that the Fenerty sexual-harassment controversy has
raised the need to have a discussion about the authority's governance structure
and policies.

He stopped short of saying he would back legislation to give the city more power
over the PPA's leadership structure, saying such a radical step would require
signs of a systemic failure at the agency.

"The board kind of got a wake-up call," he said. "And I think you will see some
aggressive action from them."

tnadolny@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 30, 2015 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S. Textbook Skews History, Prime Minister of Japan Says

BYLINE: By MARTIN FACKLER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Foreign Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 710 words


TOKYO --  Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan on Thursday criticized an American
textbook that he said inaccurately depicted Japan's actions during World War II,
opening a new front in a battle to sway American views of the country's wartime
history.

Speaking in Parliament, Mr. Abe pledged to increase efforts to fight what he
called mistaken views abroad concerning Japan's wartime actions, when the
Japanese military conquered much of Asia. He singled out a high school history
textbook published by McGraw-Hill Education that he said contained the sort of
negative portrayals that Japan must do more to combat.

In particular, he objected to a description of women forced to work in Japanese
military brothels during the war, a highly fraught issue in Japan and elsewhere
in Asia. The textbook is used in some public schools in California.

''I just looked at a document, McGraw-Hill's textbook, and I was shocked,'' The
Japan Times quoted Mr. Abe as saying during a meeting of a parliamentary budget
committee. ''This kind of textbook is being used in the United States, as we did
not protest the things we should have, or we failed to correct the things we
should have.''

McGraw-Hill has defended its textbook, saying its account is supported by
historical fact.

Mr. Abe's comments come as his government has sharply increased spending to
improve Japan's image abroad. Japanese conservatives like Mr. Abe have bridled
at historical depictions of Japan as the sole aggressor in the war, saying that
it fought to liberate Asia from Western domination.

Nevertheless, such views have drawn intense criticism from China and South
Korea, two victims of Japan's early-20th-century militarism, which call Mr. Abe
a revisionist out to whitewash Japanese wartime atrocities.

In the past few years, Japan and South Korea have increasingly taken their
rivalry to the United States, trying to sway American public opinion in their
favor. Korean-American groups have used their growing political clout to amend
textbooks and erect monuments promoting Korean views of historical and
territorial disputes with Japan.

Under Mr. Abe, Japan has scrambled to catch up, dispatching diplomats to combat
these efforts, with little success. Last year, the State of Virginia brushed
aside Japanese objections when lawmakers voted to require new textbooks to
include the Korean name, the East Sea, for the Sea of Japan, which lies between
Japan and the Korean Peninsula.

One of the most hotly contested issues has been the portrayal of so-called
comfort women, the euphemistic term for Japanese, Korean and other mostly Asian
women put to work in Japanese military brothels. Korean activists call the women
sex slaves, while Japanese conservatives contend that they were willing
prostitutes.

Many scholars say that while there is no evidence that Japanese soldiers
forcibly rounded up Korean women, many former ''comfort women'' have testified
that they were tricked or otherwise trafficked to work in the brothels against
their will.

The textbook cited by Mr. Abe is the most recent target of Japanese government
efforts to alter what it sees as inaccurate portrayals of the issue. The book,
titled ''Traditions and Encounters: A Global Perspective on the Past,'' contains
a passage that says, ''The Japanese Army forcibly recruited, conscripted and
dragooned as many as 200,000 women aged 14 to 20 to serve in military
brothels.''

The book also uses both Sea of Japan and East Sea as the name for the body of
water on its maps.

In January, the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that diplomats from
the Japanese Consulate General in New York had met with McGraw-Hill officials in
December to demand revisions to the textbook. The diplomats told the publisher,
''There are serious factual errors pertaining to the comfort women and the name
of Sea of Japan which run counter to the Japanese government's position,''
according to an account in the conservative newspaper Sankei Shimbun.

McGraw-Hill put out a statement a few days later saying that it had rejected the
request. ''Scholars are aligned behind the historical fact of 'comfort women,'
'' the publisher said, ''and we unequivocally stand behind the writing, research
and presentation of our authors.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/30/world/asia/japans-premier-disputes-us-textbook
s-portrayal-of-comfort-women.html

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              682 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 2, 1988, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Quayle at Ease in the Field on Southern Tour

BYLINE: By B. DRUMMOND AYRES Jr., Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 17, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 411 words

DATELINE: JACKSON, Miss., Sept. 1


Senator Dan Quayle campaigned across the deep South today, showing new political
confidence and vigor as questions about his earlier personal life appeared to be
slipping deeper into the background of the 1988 Presidential race.

Perhaps, barring any new disclosures, reporters and would-be voters have grown
weary of covering old ground. Whatever the case, Mr. Quayle, an Indiana
Republican, seemed so moved by the new mood out on the trail at the start of
this five-day dip into the South that he said -spouted might be a better word -
at a Shreveport stop: ''This campaign is just beginning! The juices are
beginning to flow!''

As if to underscore the new beginning, he and his wife, Marilyn, had begun to
mix with the three dozen or so members of the national press in the back of the
Quayle campaign plane. The appearances are always ''off the record,'' filled
with light banter, but the fact that they now occur at all is the news.

On to the TV Routine

The Quayle campaign has also taken another turn that bespeaks a more settled
atmosphere. Each day on the trail now consists of three or four public
appearances by Mr. Quayle, typically at a factory or day care center or school,
the aim being not so much to sway the voters present at the sites as to sway
voters who see the appearances on television. In between, the candidate holds
private meetings with small groups of local Republicans, who are expected to
keep things rolling after Mr. Quayle flies off to the next city.

There is nothing unusual about this type of campaigning, television having been
the driving factor out on the trail for a number of years. What is notable in
the case of Mr. Quayle is that his campaign has now settled firmly into the
routine.

Here in Jackson this afternoon, there was one of those standard appearances that
the Senator saw as a metaphor for his campaign thus far. He was out at a
football practice at a local high school - high school football being a religion
of sorts in these parts - and, inevitably he found himself, in his shirtsleeves,
in the role of quarterback, telling his ends to ''go along.''

They did, real long. The first pass wobbled short, real short.

The next was too long. But the third was right on the numbers. Touchdown! The
Senator turned to the crowd in the stands, really to the cameras, and offered a
partisan post-game analysis.

''This campaign,'' he said, ''is like my passes. It's getting better and better
and better.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              683 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                           December 29, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Iowa loves limelight politics shine on state

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 528  words

DATELINE: TOLEDO, Iowa


One Iowa woman baked cookies emblazoned with John Edwards' likeness and passed
them out at parties, while another sculpted Barack Obama's head out of butter to
display on caucus night.

Less than a week to go before the Jan. 3 Iowa caucuses, scores more in this
snow-covered farm state are knocking on doors, making endless phone calls and
using business meetings and family dinners to try to build support for their
preferred U.S. presidential candidate.

Many Americans in the Midwest shun political debate among friends and family.

But in Iowa, where U.S. voters are the first to weigh in on who should be the
Democratic and Republican nominees for the Nov. 4, 2008, presidential election,
passionate partisanship has become a part of daily life.

Husbands and wives, brothers and sisters, friends and neighbours are all
discussing, debating, and sometimes disagreeing over who to support come caucus
night.

"It's a great feeling to convert someone," said Sally Ortgies, 41, a West Des
Moines parks department official. Ortgies has worked to sway everyone from her
secretary to her sister to caucus for former North Carolina Sen. Edwards.

Ortgies is so taken with Edwards, a Democrat, and his support of universal
health care and work against poverty, that she carries campaign literature in a
purse to hand out to friends and strangers.

Sydni Grauberger has volunteered to help round up votes in Melbourne for
Democratic Sen. Obama of Illinois, who is trying to become the first black
president. She said she has lobbied about 200 people so far, knocking on doors
and making persistent phone calls.

Sometimes the efforts aren't welcome -- a longtime family friend hung up on her
last week. Still, Grauberger, who waved a red Stand for Change sign at an Obama
rally in Marshalltown on Thursday, is undeterred.

"This is a major important thing, to get out there and make your voice heard,"
she said.

Norma Lyon, a 78-year-old farm wife from Toledo, so likes Obama that she has
sculpted a likeness of his head out of 10 kilograms of butter and plans to take
it with her to caucus.

Hjalmar Hellberger, who helps his son run the family jewelry business in
Marshalltown, said he is pushing for Republican Mitt Romney.

Hellberger, 83, said he talks all the time to friends and associates about the
former Massachusetts governor, though he said he is careful not to alienate
prospective customers.

Hellberger voted for U.S. President George W. Bush in 2004 but has been "mad as
hell" about his choice ever since, and believes Romney is the man to put the
country back on track.

Those who have sided with a candidate still have plenty of opportunities to sway
others to their side as many voters say they remain undecided.

Retiree Gary Schubert of Rock Rapids said he was trying to decide between Romney
and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee.

He said his neighbours would likely help him make up his mind about which
Republican to choose come caucus night.

Kathy Davis, 60, of Ames, also is still undecided. But like many Iowans, she
said, she relishes the opportunity to weigh in on presidential politics.

"I wouldn't miss it for the world," she said. "We are the luckiest people in the
country."

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Getty Images; Democratic presidential hopeful and New York Sen. Hillary
Clinton campaigns Friday at an elementary school in Story City, Iowa ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education
                               www.chronicle.com

                            April 21, 2016  Thursday

UC-Davis Was Ridiculed for Trying to Sway Search Results. Many Other Colleges Do
the Same.

BYLINE: Peter Schmidt

SECTION: ADMINISTRATION; News

LENGTH: 1244  words

ABSTRACT

The university's leaders have come under fire for revelations that they hired
consultants to bury online references to its infamous pepper-spray incident. The
controversy is a case study in the hazards of such tactics.

FULL TEXT

[[photo id="76578" crop="landscape_850x566" align="center" size="full-width"
class=""]] Although the University of California at Davis has drawn heavy fire
for its efforts to clean up its image on the Internet, the means it used to look
good when Googled is common in higher education.

Search-engine optimization, which involves the intentional manipulation of
Internet-search results to create a good first impression online, is widely
practiced by public-relations firms that serve colleges and, in some cases, by
administrators themselves.

"All institutions, in some form or fashion, are doing some form of search
optimization as part of their marketing efforts or their communications
efforts," says Jason L. Simon, vice president at Simpson­Scarborough, a
marketing and branding firm that works with colleges.

[[sidebar id="309" align="left"]] Joshua Dodson, who is director of
search-engine optimization for Southern New Hampshire University and teaches an
online course on the practice for college employees elsewhere, says other
higher-­education institutions are establishing positions similar to his as the
need is "starting to become more obvious."

Other colleges, of course, have not faced the same criticism as UC-Davis for
hiring firms to help bury online references to unflattering events - in Davis's
case, an infamous 2011 incident in which campus police officers pepper-sprayed
seated protesters. Angered by a Sacramento Bee report on that PR maneuver,
lawmakers and students are calling for Davis's chancellor, Linda P.B. Katehi, to
resign.

In many respects, however, little separates what Davis did to improve its image
from what other colleges do, suggesting that their efforts also carry risks.

What follows is a primer on search-engine optimization, its perceived benefits,
and how it can go wrong.

Why are colleges focused on Internet-search results?

Colleges' marketing and public-­relations departments recognize that prospective
students and their parents get much of their information about them online and
seldom look past the first page or two of search results.

The results of such an online search can form "critical initial impressions" of
a college, and "it is almost malpractice not be mindful of what comes up when
someone is Googling their name," says Dorie Clark, a marketing-strategy
consultant in New York whose clients have included Yale University.

If the top results of a search produce links to discussions of some embarrassing
incident, it can lead to drops in enrollments and may even threaten a college's
survival, says Eric Schiffer, chief executive officer of Reputation Management
Consultants, a firm that has helped several colleges fight damage to their image
online.

"One incident should not define an institution that has been doing great work
for a hundred years," Mr. Schiffer says. He would not name his firm's clients in
higher education, but says "for them to not fight back - to let the media walk
all over them - would be insane."

How does search-engine optimization work?

To create a good first impression, the technique tries to push links to positive
publicity to the top of search results, focusing on content and the mechanics of
how search engines work.

Ms. Clark says one goal is to "flood Google with positive stories" in hopes they
will rise to the top of rankings and "make negative stories diminish in
importance."

The strategy also involves understanding, and exploiting, how search-engine
algorithms work. It can involve content-related considerations, such as
publishing words or phrases that you anticipate as the subjects of searches.
Because outsiders' links to a web page will help drive up its Google rankings,
it is important to publish material that people will deem link-worthy. On a more
technical level, simple tweaks in the coding underlying a website can help
improve its Google ranking.

What strategies are considered fair game?

Experts on search-engine optimization distinguish between widely accepted "white
hat" strategies and "black hat" strategies that generally are frowned upon.
Falling under "white hat" are most content-­related strategies other than the
creation of fake or undeveloped sites that serve mainly to attract or redirect
web traffic. Seen as "black hat" are blatant and disingenuous efforts to game
search-engine algorithms, such as paying others to link to a page.

The penalties for those caught using "black hat" strategies typically involve
being forced down in a search engine's rankings or being banned by that engine
entirely. It's important to note that the controversy surrounding UC-Davis has
little to do with allegations that it employed "black hat" tactics, and instead
focuses on how much it paid its consultants to try to keep bad publicity on the
pepper-spray incident from haunting it online.

How did UC-Davis get into trouble?

The Sacramento Bee's exposé on Davis said the university had paid more than
$175,000 in recent years to consultants charged with improving its online image.
It quoted one of the consulting firms, Nevins & Associates of Towson, Md., as
having committed to help the campus develop content on Google platforms to
"expedite the eradication of references to the pepper-spray incident in search
results on Google for the university and the chancellor."

[[relatedcontent align="right" size="half-width"]] In a written statement issued
on Monday, Chancellor Katehi expressed regret for the contracts. "In hindsight,"
she said, "we should have been more careful in reviewing some of the more
unrealistic and ridiculous scope-of-work claims in the written proposals of our
outside vendors." She added that "none of our communications efforts were
intended - or attempted - to erase online content or rewrite history." And in an
interview with The Chronicle on Wednesday, she said she did not plan to resign.

David Nevins, a former chairman of the University System of Maryland's Board of
Regents who is president of Nevins & Associates, on Wednesday said "there
probably was a little too much hyperbole" in his firm's offer to perform
services for Davis. He said his firm knew it could not remove online references
to the pepper-spray incident, and instead focused on ensuring that references to
it were offset by favorable publicity about the institution.

Mike Paul, president of Reputation Doctor LLC, a New York firm that specializes
in reputation management and crisis-related public relations, said the amounts
Davis paid its consultants "are not big budgets in our business." He added,
however, that the services the firms were asked to provide were not in keeping
with his advice to clients, which is to deal squarely and publicly with the root
cause of a public-relations crisis rather than "planting stories" or "using
algorithms to try to push something from Page 1 to Page 5" in Google search
rankings.

"Authenticity and trust," he said, "is what you are trying to regain."

What may be most complicating the Davis campus's bid to regain trust is not its
embrace of such tactics, but its decision to spell out exactly what it was
trying to make people forget.

Peter Schmidt writes about affirmative action, academic labor, and issues
related to academic freedom. Contact him at peter.schmidt@chronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: In November 2011 the U. of California at Davis faced scathing criticism
after a campus police officer used pepper spray to disperse protesters. Five
years later the university has drawn renewed criticism for hiring
public-relations firms to bury online references to the incident. The
controversy is a case study in the hazards of such tactics.
Wayne Tilcock, The Enterprise via AP Images
UC-Davis Was Ridiculed for Trying to Sway Search Results. Many Other Colleges Do
the Same. 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                  June 5, 1999

Spin doctors go into battle to win over public opinion

BYLINE: JO PEGG

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 388 words


A big-bucks battle of the spin doctors is being fought behind the scenes of the
pilots' dispute.

High-profile public relations firms, understood to command about $ 3,000 an hour
for consultations, have been recruited by both sides to deal with media calls
and find ways to sway public opinion their way.

Cathay Pacific, which has its own full-time army of public relations people, has
brought in the big guns - the agency that claims to be Hong Kong's biggest and
counts Tung Chee-hwa among its clients.

And the Aircrew Officers Association has hired an international firm to back up
the work of the fledgling local outfit it recruited a week ago.

In Cathay's corner is US-founded Burson-Marsteller whose clients include Sun
Microsystems, DHL couriers, the Better Hong Kong Foundation and Andersen
Consulting. The agency worked on Tung Chee-hwa's campaign to be selected Chief
Executive.

The firm was founded more than 50 years ago, and its Web site claims it has
2,200 staff working in more than 30 countries.

It has been in Hong Kong since 1973 and has 60 staff in the territory.

Linda Lee Wai-kuen, a media trainer with the company, said she could not discuss
the agency's work for Cathay.

But the airline is believed to pay Burson-Marsteller a retainer, plus extra for
crisis management.

Meanwhile, the pilots have Ludgate Asia on their side, the team charged with
polishing the public face of Wellcome, Marks & Spencer, Hongkong Land and
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu.

The company was established in Hong Kong in 1995 and has 30 staff. Ludgate has
bases in New York and London and offices in more than 20 countries.

Central Communications Consultancy, a three-year-old local company run by former
ATV journalist Felix Poon Kam-chuen, is also on the pilots' side.

"The (union) has already established a good relationship with the media," Mr
Poon said.

"But at this time they need assistance because there's so many people calling,
so we help them to handle media inquiries when they're all in meetings."

None of the public relations firms would say what it charged, but an industry
source said the biggest would charge about $ 3,000 an hour for a minimum of $
150,000 a month.

It is believed Central Communications would be charging about $ 150,000 for the
whole dispute.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Safe landing: management and union have called in public relations
experts to sway hearts and minds

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1999 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              686 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             January 2, 2012 Monday

Visual arts: A curator merry-go-round, plus a new name for an old art center,
and preservation rights battle submerges the Spiral Jetty.

BYLINE: By Glen Warchol The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SUNDAY ARTS; Features

LENGTH: 734 words


In 2011, the arts world saw contemporary curators come and go, the Art Center
becomes UMOCA, the Leonardo finally opens, and preservation battles submerge the
iconic Spiral Jetty.

A new name -- and a new curator » After years of bringing cutting-edge
contemporary art to the city, the Salt Lake Art Center -- which has been around
since 1932 --finally caught up with its evolving identity and renamed itself
Utah Museum of Contemporary Art. Or UMOCA, that is, pronounced "YOU-moca."
January brought the center a contemporary-art curator to work with newly
appointed executive director Adam Price. Michol Hebron, a Los Angeles-based
performance and video artist and art educator, injected energy into Utah's
contemporary-art scene with shows such as "Fallen Fruit" and an exhibit by
national Catherine Doctorow Prize winner painter Kim Schoenstadt. In addition,
she joined with Price to add new gallery space.

UMOCA loses a curator » By fall, Hebron had headed back to Los Angeles to resume
her previous job, although Price says she will return periodically to complete
exhibitions that she has scheduled through the next two years. UMOCA is poised
to announce a new curator.

And so does the Utah Museum of Fine Arts » Jill Dawsey, along with Hebron and
Brigham Young University Museum of Art's Jeff Lambson, formed a critical mass of
Utah's contemporary-art leaders. In November, Dawsey left for an associate
curator position at the San Diego Museum of Contemporary Art. But UMFA executive
director Gretchen Dietrich says the museum will continue the "salt" series that
Dawsey instituted, which bring emerging contemporary artists to Utah from around
the globe.

No roar when Leo opens » After years of financial struggles, The Leonardo Museum
of art, science and technology opened in October. City voters gave a thumbs-up
to art when they passed a $10 million bond in 2002 for the museum. But
management and fund-raising failures led to Mayor Ralph Becker freezing the bond
money until the museum provided an acceptable business plan. Oddly, the same
residents who voted for the bond aren't flocking to the museum. So far,
attendance has been far less than hoped.

Battle for the Jetty » Robert Smithson's iconic Spiral Jetty artwork in the
Great Salt Lake became a battleground for groups interested in preserving it. In
the spring, Utah's Department of Natural Resources, which owns the land, claimed
that the New York-based Dia Foundation in New York had missed a lease payment. A
Utah-based group and another individual stepped in to take over the lease. After
behind-the-scenes negotiations, the DNR said it would sign an agreement with
Dia, but it has yet to be finalized. Meanwhile the lake, fed by spring runoff,
again submerged the massive artwork.

The 'Sway' of public art » Salt Lake City found a creative way to fill an empty
lot downtown by awarding the landscaping money to the winner of a design
competition sponsored by the American Institute of Architects Utah's Young
Architects Forum. University of Utah student Daniel Lyman, inspired by wind
blowing through a wheat field, filled the lot next to the Capitol Theatre with a
temporary exhibit -- 1,200 10-foot flexible composite rods that sway like young
aspens in the wind.

Next stop: Sanpete » The Central Utah Art Center bridged the 120-mile distance
from the Wasatch Front to Ephraim with an innovative party bus. The second
Friday of every month, the exhibition openings at CUAC are celebrated by
offering a free bus ride, complete with beer and art videos, to contemporary-art
enthusiasts.

A bad boy redeemed » Amateur and professional art researchers independently
turned up evidence last year that Utah's bad-boy painter Alma Brockerman Wright
might not have been that naughty. Wright was among Utah's art pioneers who
studied in Paris in the early 20th century, then returned to paint the sacred
interiors of early Mormon temples. He led the University of Utah's art
department in the 1930s, later becoming the target of a probe into sexual
misconduct that led him to resign and flee to France. Wright, who ultimately
died abroad, might have been a bit of a libertine by the standards of his day
and state, but his sexual appetite apparently was greatly exaggerated by an
academic rival.

gwarchol@sltrib.com Alt Heads:

A curator merry-go-round, plus a new name for an old art center, and
preservation rights battle submerges the Spiral Jetty.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jill Dawsey, chief curator at the UMFA, is leaving that position after
three years of innovative contemporary art programming. Photographed working
with staff to install a new exhibit at the museum, Monday, November 14, 2011.
Micol Hebron, Salt Lake Art Ceter chief curator, poses in May next to
"Smokestack" bread dough art by Robert Fontenot.
The waters of the Great Salt Lake are again engulfing the iconic rock sculpture,
the Spiral Jetty, as photographed July 16, 2011.
The waters of the Great Salt Lake are again engulfing the iconic rock sculpture,
the Spiral Jetty, as photographed July 16, 2011.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             January 2, 2012 Monday

Visual arts: A curator merry-go-round, plus a new name for an old art center,
and preservation rights battle submerges the Spiral Jetty.

BYLINE: By Glen Warchol The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SUNDAY ARTS; Features

LENGTH: 734 words


In 2011, the arts world saw contemporary curators come and go, the Art Center
becomes UMOCA, the Leonardo finally opens, and preservation battles submerge the
iconic Spiral Jetty.

A new name -- and a new curator » After years of bringing cutting-edge
contemporary art to the city, the Salt Lake Art Center -- which has been around
since 1932 --finally caught up with its evolving identity and renamed itself
Utah Museum of Contemporary Art. Or UMOCA, that is, pronounced "YOU-moca."
January brought the center a contemporary-art curator to work with newly
appointed executive director Adam Price. Michol Hebron, a Los Angeles-based
performance and video artist and art educator, injected energy into Utah's
contemporary-art scene with shows such as "Fallen Fruit" and an exhibit by
national Catherine Doctorow Prize winner painter Kim Schoenstadt. In addition,
she joined with Price to add new gallery space.

UMOCA loses a curator » By fall, Hebron had headed back to Los Angeles to resume
her previous job, although Price says she will return periodically to complete
exhibitions that she has scheduled through the next two years. UMOCA is poised
to announce a new curator.

And so does the Utah Museum of Fine Arts » Jill Dawsey, along with Hebron and
Brigham Young University Museum of Art's Jeff Lambson, formed a critical mass of
Utah's contemporary-art leaders. In November, Dawsey left for an associate
curator position at the San Diego Museum of Contemporary Art. But UMFA executive
director Gretchen Dietrich says the museum will continue the "salt" series that
Dawsey instituted, which bring emerging contemporary artists to Utah from around
the globe.

No roar when Leo opens » After years of financial struggles, The Leonardo Museum
of art, science and technology opened in October. City voters gave a thumbs-up
to art when they passed a $10 million bond in 2002 for the museum. But
management and fund-raising failures led to Mayor Ralph Becker freezing the bond
money until the museum provided an acceptable business plan. Oddly, the same
residents who voted for the bond aren't flocking to the museum. So far,
attendance has been far less than hoped.

Battle for the Jetty » Robert Smithson's iconic Spiral Jetty artwork in the
Great Salt Lake became a battleground for groups interested in preserving it. In
the spring, Utah's Department of Natural Resources, which owns the land, claimed
that the New York-based Dia Foundation in New York had missed a lease payment. A
Utah-based group and another individual stepped in to take over the lease. After
behind-the-scenes negotiations, the DNR said it would sign an agreement with
Dia, but it has yet to be finalized. Meanwhile the lake, fed by spring runoff,
again submerged the massive artwork.

The 'Sway' of public art » Salt Lake City found a creative way to fill an empty
lot downtown by awarding the landscaping money to the winner of a design
competition sponsored by the American Institute of Architects Utah's Young
Architects Forum. University of Utah student Daniel Lyman, inspired by wind
blowing through a wheat field, filled the lot next to the Capitol Theatre with a
temporary exhibit -- 1,200 10-foot flexible composite rods that sway like young
aspens in the wind.

Next stop: Sanpete » The Central Utah Art Center bridged the 120-mile distance
from the Wasatch Front to Ephraim with an innovative party bus. The second
Friday of every month, the exhibition openings at CUAC are celebrated by
offering a free bus ride, complete with beer and art videos, to contemporary-art
enthusiasts.

A bad boy redeemed » Amateur and professional art researchers independently
turned up evidence last year that Utah's bad-boy painter Alma Brockerman Wright
might not have been that naughty. Wright was among Utah's art pioneers who
studied in Paris in the early 20th century, then returned to paint the sacred
interiors of early Mormon temples. He led the University of Utah's art
department in the 1930s, later becoming the target of a probe into sexual
misconduct that led him to resign and flee to France. Wright, who ultimately
died abroad, might have been a bit of a libertine by the standards of his day
and state, but his sexual appetite apparently was greatly exaggerated by an
academic rival.

gwarchol@sltrib.com Alt Heads:

A curator merry-go-round, plus a new name for an old art center, and
preservation rights battle submerges the Spiral Jetty.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jill Dawsey, chief curator at the UMFA, is leaving that position after
three years of innovative contemporary art programming. Photographed working
with staff to install a new exhibit at the museum, Monday, November 14, 2011.
Micol Hebron, Salt Lake Art Ceter chief curator, poses in May next to
"Smokestack" bread dough art by Robert Fontenot.
The waters of the Great Salt Lake are again engulfing the iconic rock sculpture,
the Spiral Jetty, as photographed July 16, 2011.
The waters of the Great Salt Lake are again engulfing the iconic rock sculpture,
the Spiral Jetty, as photographed July 16, 2011.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             November 19, 2003 Wednesday 4 State / Suncoast Edition

Sides try to sway vote on Medicare bill

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 673 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; MIAMI; WASHINGTON


A handful of votes stood in the way of a prescription drug bill and Medicare
overhaul on Tuesday, but Democrats conceded that support by the powerful AARP
seniors' lobby could ultimately sway fence-sitters to vote for the sweeping
legislation.

The AARP was scheduled to begin a $7-million advertising blitz Wednesday to
secure passage of the bill, a move that riled Democratic critics of the bill and
provoked some of the AARP's 35-million members.

But as some Democrats reconsidered their opposition, some conservative
Republicans were re-examining their support, raising new doubts about the
outcome. The House could vote on the bill by the end of the week. The Senate
might wait until Tuesday.

The legislation would provide a $400-billion, 10-year prescription drug benefit
for Americans over 65, the biggest expansion of Medicare since the health plan
was created in 1965. It would allow greater participation by private insurers
and encourage seniors to seek alternatives to Medicare.

The AARP is emerging as the most influential player in the shaping of the final
bill. It helped guide the original Senate bill that passed last summer and
stepped into the final negotiations with Republican leaders to soften provisions
demanded by many conservatives.

The AARP is "falling into a trap that has been set by the pharmaceutical
companies and HMOs," said Rep. Dick Gephardt, D-Mo. "They will never do what's
right for the people of this country."

Both retired Gen. Wesley Clark and Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., criticized AARP's
decision to pay for a weeklong advertising blitz promoting the legislation.

Compromise draft aimed at moving trade talks

MIAMI - Canada, Mexico, Chile and several Caribbean nations are circulating a
compromise proposal aimed at moving stalled talks that would create the world's
largest free-trade area, according to documents obtained Tuesday by the
Associated Press.

The draft attempts to combine several competing proposals, but allows countries
to decide whether they want to participate in a second level of negotiations on
controversial issues like investment rules and removing agricultural subsidies
and tariffs.

Canadian spokesman Sebastien Theberge would not comment on the text's details,
but said a U.S.-Brazilian proposal was too vague and his country wanted
"precision and predictability."

Regis Arslanian, a Brazilian negotiator, confirmed the existence of the
compromise proposal, but said the Brazilian delegation wanted to keep the
original draft intact.

Earlier Tuesday, the United States announced it would seek separate agreements
with Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador and Colombia.

The FTAA proposal is drawing criticism from antiglobalization activists,
environmentalists and unions. More than 20,000 protesters are expected to march
Thursday.

Energy-water bill passes

WASHINGTON - Congress approved a compromise $27.3-billion energy and water bill
Tuesday that gives President Bush less than he wanted for research on
low-intensity nuclear weapons.

The bill, however, does give Bush most of what he sought for early work on the
long-delayed nuclear waste repository at Yucca Mountain, Nev.

The legislation, which is packed with hundreds of water projects from coast to
coast, including many the administration did not request, was approved by the
House 387-36 and by the Senate on a voice vote.

It is the sixth of 13 spending bills for the budget year that started Oct. 1
that Congress has completed.

QUOTAS ON CHINA TEXTILES: The Bush administration increased trade tensions with
China by announcing it will limit clothing imports to protect struggling U.S.
companies. The action was the latest response by the administration to America's
soaring trade deficit with China, which hit a record $103-billion last year.

LIEBERMAN ENDORSEMENT: Democratic presidential hopeful Joe Lieberman was
endorsed by U.S. Rep. Alcee Hastings, D-Fla., who cited the Connecticut
senator's position on national security and involvement with civil rights
issues.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: IN BRIEF

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                              689 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Niagara Falls Review

                            February 10, 2017 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Power Wagon flexes its muscles; First Drive: 2017 Ram 2500 Power Wagon

BYLINE: Lesley Wimbush, Niagara Falls Review

SECTION: DRIVING; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 874  words

DATELINE: VALLEY OF FIRE, Nevada


We're only 80 kilometres northeast of Las Vegas, but the contrast is startling.
Deep in the heart of the Mojave Desert, the striated cliffs, twisted rock
formations and vast blue sky are the perfect antidote to the tawdry lights of
the Vegas strip.

The deep canyons and great shifting sand dunes provide a terrific playground for
evaluating the rock-crawling prowess of the latest Ram Power Wagon. Its name is
derived, of course, from the iconic Dodge Power Wagon, introduced in 1946 as a
weapons carrier and the world's first 4x4 pickup truck. The badge was
resurrected in 2005 for special hardcore off-road versions of the Ram.

While the important mechanical bits in the 2017 Power Wagon remain unchanged, it
returns with a tough new exterior more fitting for a brawny rock-crawler. Where
the previous model was festooned with far too much brightwork for a serious
off-roader, the new design eschews gaudy chrome in favour of blacked-out grille,
a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips, rugged wheel arches, and black mirror
caps with matching wheels.

The interior gets some exclusive Power Wagon badging, an optional black
headliner and tire treadthemed seat inserts. Splashy side graphics give way to
two-tone paint with black or silver decals.

It certainly looks the part of dedicated rock-crawler. And underneath the macho
exterior is an arsenal of off-road equipment that leads Fiat Chrysler to claim
the Power Wagon is "the most capable truck in Canada." This includes complete
under-chassis armour, Bilstein mono-tube shocks, five-link coil rear suspension,
electronic disconnecting sway bar, electric locking front and rear
differentials, 33-inch Goodyear off-road tires and a 12,000-pound Warn winch up
front.

The Power Wagon boasts 363 millimetres (14.3 inches) of clearance, 660 mm (26
inches) of wheel travel and 762 mm (30 inches) of water fording. Approach angle
is 34 degrees, departure 23.5 and breakover angle 25.5.

It's powered by the 6.4-litre Hemi V8 engine, with 410 horsepower and 429
pound-feet of torque. (Unfortunately there's no Cummins diesel option, because
there's no room behind the Warn winch for an intercooler.) The engine is mated
to a heavy duty sixspeed automatic transmission, and while the driveline lacks
the prodigious torque of the Cummins diesel, it's plenty powerful enough for
even the most gruelling climbs.

As any hardcore off-roader knows, the secret to clambering over enormous
obstacles and inching up jagged cliffs lies in suspension articulation. Simply
put, it's the vehicle's ability to keep all four wheels in contact with the
ground, regardless of how rough the terrain. Many trail enthusiasts remove the
sway bar to get more flex, but the downside is a truck that wallows and rolls
when they leave the trail for everyday roads.

Getting to Fire Valley entailed nearly two hours of highway driving, over which
the Ram exhibited solid handling with very little roll. Potholes and washboard
pavement were nicely absorbed by the suspension damping, with little intrusion
into the cabin.

The secret to the Power Wagon's versatility lies in its "Ram Articulink" front
suspension setup, which uses high-movement joints between the control arm and
axle mount for more flexibility and up to 660 mm (26 inches) of vertical wheel
movement.

Instead of stopping at the trail head and grabbing the tool box, the Power Wagon
lets you disconnect the sway bar from inside the truck by simply pushing a
button. The class-exclusive, electronically disconnecting "smart bar" allows the
front axle to move independently of the frame, which of course lets the truck
flex over large obstacles while keeping rubber on the ground.

In the rear, the Power Wagon has the same multi-link coil rear suspension used
by all Ram 2500 HD trucks. Its advantages over traditional leaf springs include
less unsprung mass, better articulation and less shuddering over rough surfaces
from undesirable axle rotation.

Most of the sandy roads required only 4WD. But when our way became strewn with
large boulders and deeply rutted tracks, we switched over to 4LO, which allowed
us to climb steep hills quite effortlessly. The truck's hilldescent control
system allowed us to set a steady speed downward without touching the throttle
or brake pedal.

Fiat Chrysler says the new Power Wagon is the most capable off-road truck in
Canada, a lofty claim that will have Ford F-150 Raptor owners throwing down the
gauntlet. While there's a lot of overlap between the two vehicles, the Raptor is
a highspeed desert racer, able to launch itself off sand dunes, and the Power
Wagon is a tough, brawny rockcrawler with a 685-kilogram (1,510-pound) payload
and the ability to tow 4,550 kg (10,030 lbs) of gear to the trail site.

Its 5,445-kg (12,000-lb) electric winch comes in handy for extricating those
unfortunates who find themselves stuck or, as we found out, upside down.

In addition to the Class 5 receiver hitch, the Ram Power Wagon comes with an
optional cargo-view camera for monitoring payload, and a tailgate-mounted
rear-view camera.

The 2017 Ram Power Wagon is available in Canadian dealerships now, starting at
$58,945 and available with a Leather and Luxury package ($4,995). !@COPYRIGHT=©
2017 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / (See hardcopy for photo); Driving.Ca;  (See hardcopy for photo);

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Niagara Falls Review
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               London Free Press

                            February 10, 2017 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Power Wagon flexes its muscles; First Drive: 2017 Ram 2500 Power Wagon

BYLINE: Lesley Wimbush, London Free Press

SECTION: DRIVING; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 874  words

DATELINE: VALLEY OF FIRE, Nevada


We're only 80 kilometres northeast of Las Vegas, but the contrast is startling.
Deep in the heart of the Mojave Desert, the striated cliffs, twisted rock
formations and vast blue sky are the perfect antidote to the tawdry lights of
the Vegas strip.

The deep canyons and great shifting sand dunes provide a terrific playground for
evaluating the rock-crawling prowess of the latest Ram Power Wagon. Its name is
derived, of course, from the iconic Dodge Power Wagon, introduced in 1946 as a
weapons carrier and the world's first 4x4 pickup truck. The badge was
resurrected in 2005 for special hardcore off-road versions of the Ram.

While the important mechanical bits in the 2017 Power Wagon remain unchanged, it
returns with a tough new exterior more fitting for a brawny rock-crawler. Where
the previous model was festooned with far too much brightwork for a serious
off-roader, the new design eschews gaudy chrome in favour of blacked-out grille,
a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips, rugged wheel arches, and black mirror
caps with matching wheels.

The interior gets some exclusive Power Wagon badging, an optional black
headliner and tire tread-themed seat inserts. Splashy side graphics give way to
two-tone paint with black or silver decals.

It certainly looks the part of dedicated rock-crawler. And underneath the macho
exterior is an arsenal of off-road equipment that leads Fiat Chrysler to claim
the Power Wagon is "the most capable truck in Canada." This includes complete
underchassis armour, Bilstein mono-tube shocks, five-link coil rear suspension,
electronic disconnecting sway bar, electric locking front and rear
differentials, 33-inch Goodyear off-road tires and a 12,000-pound Warn winch up
front.

The Power Wagon boasts 363 millimetres (14.3 inches) of clearance, 660 mm (26
inches) ofwheel travel and 762 mm (30 inches) of water fording. Approach angle
is 34 degrees, departure 23.5 and break-over angle 25.5.

It's powered by the 6.4-litre Hemi V8 engine, with 410 horsepower and 429
pound-feet of torque. (Unfortunately there's no Cummins diesel option, because
there's no room behind the Warn winch for an intercooler.) The engine is mated
to a heavy duty six-speed automatic transmission, and while the driveline lacks
the prodigious torque of the Cummins diesel, it's plenty powerful enough for
even the most gruelling climbs.

As any hardcore off-roader knows, the secret to clambering over enormous
obstacles and inching up jagged cliffs lies in suspension articulation. Simply
put, it's the vehicle's ability to keep all four wheels in contact with the
ground, regardless of how rough the terrain. Many trail enthusiasts remove the
sway bar to get more flex, but the downside is a truck that wallows and rolls
when they leave the trail for everyday roads.

Getting to Fire Valley entailed nearly two hours of highway driving, over which
the Ram exhibited solid handling with very little roll. Potholes and washboard
pavement were nicely absorbed by the suspension damping, with little intrusion
into the cabin.

The secret to the Power Wagon's versatility lies in its "Ram Articulink" front
suspension setup, which uses highmovement joints between the control arm and
axle mount for more flexibility and up to 660 mm (26 inches) of vertical wheel
movement.

Instead of stopping at the trail head and grabbing the tool box, the Power Wagon
lets you disconnect the sway bar from inside the truck by simply pushing a
button. The class-exclusive, electronically disconnecting "smart bar" allows the
front axle to move independently of the frame, which of course lets the truck
flex over large obstacles while keeping rubber on the ground.

In the rear, the Power Wagon has the same multi-link coil rear suspension used
by all Ram 2500 HD trucks. Its advantages over traditional leaf springs include
less unsprung mass, better articulation and less shuddering over rough surfaces
from undesirable axle rotation.

Most of the sandy roads required only 4WD. But when our way became strewn with
large boulders and deeply rutted tracks, we switched over to 4LO, which allowed
us to climb steep hills quite effortlessly. The truck's hill-descent control
system allowed us to set a steady speed downward without touching the throttle
or brake pedal.

Fiat Chrysler says the new Power Wagon is the most capable off-road truck in
Canada, a lofty claim that will have Ford F-150 Raptor owners throwing down the
gauntlet. While there's a lot of overlap between the two vehicles, the Raptor is
a high-speed desert racer, able to launch itself off sand dunes, and the Power
Wagon is a tough, brawny rockcrawler with a 685-kilogram (1,510-pound) payload
and the ability to tow 4,550 kg (10,030 lbs) of gear to the trail site.

Its 5,445-kg (12,000-lb) electric winch comes in handy for extricating those
unfortunates who find themselves stuck or, as we found out, upside down.

In addition to the Class 5 receiver hitch, the Ram Power Wagon comes with an
optional cargo-view camera for monitoring payload, and a tailgatemounted
rear-view camera.

The 2017 Ram Power Wagon is available in Canadian dealerships now, starting at
$58,945 and available with a Leather and Luxury package ($4,995). !@COPYRIGHT=©
2017 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / (See hardcopy for photo); Driving.Ca;  (See hardcopy for photo);

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 London Free Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 6, 2011 Sunday

The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C., Carolyn Alford column

BYLINE: Carolyn Alford, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 683 words


Feb. 06--Hello friends and neighbors. It is good to see you here.

My friends Mary Faulkner, Barbara Woodward and I are Southwest High School
basketball fans. We try to make all of the games. We have become sort of an icon
or a fixture at the games. When one does not show up, there are always questions
about "where are your partners?"

For some reason, we always sit on the very top row of the bleachers. I don't
know why we do that because we struggle to get up there; I guess it is to lean
back or for a better view. I don't question it; it is just what we do. The other
fans are so good to us; some of the men folks, usually Jamie Marley, are always
there to give us a hand up and down the bleachers and we appreciate that. Martha
Woodward also sits with us while husband Billy Jr. and Melvin Bland broadcast
the games over WJCV 1290 radio, but she is a sweet young thing and doesn't need
as much help as the sisterhood.

It is from these lofty heights that we assist coaches Beverly Marley and Tommy
Barnes to instruct the players, "shoot, shoot; press him; don't let him foul
you." We also castigate the referees about their ability to see and the calls
they make except for those occasions, in our opinion, that they get it correct.
I played girls basketball for one year at the Woodbridge High School in Virginia
but basically, what I know about basketball could be measured in my thumb nail.
That doesn't dampen the enthusiasm. We encourage the cheerleaders to cheer and
sway and wave our hands with the pep club that sit across the court. For
Christmas, I purchased us all orange and black gloves at Johnson's Drugs with
pom poms on the end of the fingers to provide us with apparatus for cheering at
the games. We sure have fun with those gloves. It's a hoot.

About two weeks ago, we attended the Southwest/Dixon basketball game at Dixon
High School. We three managed to wallow ourselves up to the top of the bleachers
in the crowded gymnasium that Friday evening. There was hardly any where on the
bleachers to put your feet to go up and down the bleachers as it was so crowded.
As luck would have it, I was sitting up there when my phone rang. I couldn't
hear my daughter for the cheering at the game so I started down the bleachers. I
got to about three benches from the gym floor when I lost my balance. When I
started to sway, the crowd gave out a synchronized "wooooo." A couple of hands
managed to right me but it surely was a showstopper.

I finished my call in the vestibule and started back in the gym. It was near
half time and based on my former showing, I decided to wait until half time to
ascend the bleachers again. I was standing in the left side of the doorway when
Deputy Sheriff Steve Julien told me that I could not block the entrance. I
explained to him that I did not want to go up the bleachers again until half
time. "Well stand behind Wills he said."

Deputy Sheriff Jacob Wills was sitting in a chair to the left of the doors
inside the gym. I slipped over behind Deputy Wills who immediately offered me
his chair. I declined thinking I had made enough of a spectacle of myself
without sitting in a chair on the court; but it was so good of him to offer.
While I was standing there watching the game (you can see so much of the game
from down there), Barbara and Mary motioned to me to bring them a drink. I shook
my head yes and then remembered I had left my purse in the bleachers. "Sorry," I
motioned. Deputy Wills said, "Let me buy you all a drink." He handed me a $20
bill and I was off to the concession stand. He followed me out and we talked
about his years in the Marine Corps and the years since that he has worked for
the Sheriff's Department.

What a gentleman and how very kind he was.

Thank you all for coming.

To see more of The Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.jacksonvilledailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Daily News,
Jacksonville, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110206-JN-The-Daily-News-Jacksonville-N-C-Carolyn-Alford-column-0206-20110206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2011 The Daily News


                              692 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           November 29, 2005 Tuesday

Gimme a D! R! U! G! S! Cheerleaders are the stars in this business

BYLINE: Stephanie Saul

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1037 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


As an ambitious college student, Cassie Napier had all the right moves [#x2039]
flips, tumbles, an ever-flashing America's-sweetheart smile [#x2039] to prepare
for her job after graduation. She became a drug saleswoman.

Napier, 26, was a star cheerleader on the national-champion University of
Kentucky squad, which has been a springboard for many careers in pharmaceutical
sales. She now plies doctors' offices selling the antacid Prevacid for TAP
Pharmaceutical Products.

Napier says the skills she honed performing for thousands of fans helped land
her job. ''I would think, essentially, that cheerleaders make good
salespeople,'' she said.

Anyone who has seen the parade of sales representatives going through doctors'
waiting rooms in the United States has probably noticed that they are frequently
female and invariably good-looking. Less recognized is the fact that a good many
are recruited from the cheerleading ranks.

Known for their toned bodies, small skirts and persuasive enthusiasm,
cheerleaders have many qualities that the drug industry looks for in its sales
force. Some keep their pompoms active, like Onya, a former college cheerleader
who works the sidelines on Sundays for the football team Washington Redskins and
who asked that her last name be withheld, citing team policy. But on weekdays,
she urges gynecologists to prescribe a treatment for vaginal yeast infection.

Some industry critics view wholesomely sexy drug representatives as a variation
on the seductive inducements like dinners, golf outings and speaking fees that
pharmaceutical companies have dangled to sway doctors to their brands. But now
that federal crackdowns and the industry's self-policing have curtailed those
gifts, simple one-on-one human rapport, with all its potentially uncomfortable
consequences, has become more important.

And in a crowded field of 90,000 drug representatives, where individual clients
wield vast prescription-writing influence over patients' medication, who better
than cheerleaders to sway the hearts of the nation's doctors, still mostly men?

Federal law bans employment discrimination based on factors like race and
gender, but it omits appearance from the list.

''Generally, discriminating in favor of attractive people is not against the law
in the United States,'' said James McDonald Jr., a lawyer with Fisher &
Phillips.

But this situation may be changing, he said, citing a recent ruling by the
California Supreme Court, which agreed to hear an employment lawsuit brought by
a former L'Oreal manager who ignored a supervisor's order to fire a cosmetics
saleswoman and hire someone more attractive.

Pharmaceutical companies, though, deny that sex appeal affects hiring.
''Obviously, people hired for the work have to be extroverts, a good
conversationalist, a pleasant person to talk to, but that has nothing to do with
looks [#x2039] it's the personality,'' said Lamberto Andreotti, the president of
worldwide pharmaceuticals for Bristol-Myers Squibb.

But Dr. Thomas Carli of the University of Michigan said seduction appeared to be
a deliberate industry strategy. And with research showing that pharmaceutical
sales representatives influence prescribing habits, both the numbers and the
makeup of the industry sales force are drawing criticism.

Many cheerleaders, and their proponents, say they bring attributes besides good
looks to the job [#x2039] so much so that their success has led to a recruiting
pipeline that fuels the country's pharmaceutical sales force. T. Lynn
Williamson, Napier's cheering adviser at Kentucky, said he regularly gets calls
from recruiters looking for talent, mainly from pharmaceutical companies.

''They don't ask what the major is,'' Williamson said. Proven cheerleading
skills appear to suffice. ''Exaggerated motions, exaggerated smiles, exaggerated
enthusiasm [#x2039] they learn those things, and they can get people to do what
they want,'' Williamson said.

About two dozen Kentucky cheerleaders, mostly women but also a few men, have
become drug reps in recent years. While there are no statistics on how many drug
representatives are former or current cheerleaders, demand for them led to the
formation of an employment firm, Spirited Sales Leaders. The company, based in
Memphis, Tennessee, maintains a database of thousands of potential candidates.

Napier, the former Kentucky cheerleader, said she was so concerned about the
cute-but-dumb stereotype when she got her job that she worked diligently to
learn about her product, Prevacid.

''It's no secret that the women, and the people in general, hired in this
industry are attractive people,'' she said. ''But there is so much more to it.''

Still, women have an advantage with male doctors, said Jamie Reidy, a drug
representative who was fired by Eli Lilly this year after writing a book
lampooning the industry, ''Hard Sell: The Evolution of a Viagra Salesman.''

In an interview, Reidy remembered a sales call with the ''all-time most
attractive, coolest woman in the history of drug repdom.'' At first, the doctor
was hostile.

''He gave 10 reasons not to use one of our drugs,'' Reidy said. ''She gave a
little hair toss and a tug on his sleeve and said, 'Come on, Doctor, I need the
scrips.' He said, 'O.K., how do I dose that thing?' I could never reach out and
touch a female physician that way.''

Stories are not uncommon about doctors who mistook a sales pitch for an
invitation to more. A doctor in Washington pleaded guilty to assault last year
and gave up his license after forcibly kissing a saleswoman on the lips.

An informal survey, conducted by a urologist in Pittsburgh, Dr. James McCague,
found that 12 of 13 medical saleswomen said they had been sexually harassed by
physicians. McCague published his findings in the trade magazine Medical
Economics under the title ''Why Was That Doctor Naked In His Office?''

Penny Ramsey Otwell, who cheered for the University of Maryland and now sells
for Wyeth in the Dallas area, said she has managed to avoid such cases.

''We have a few of those doctors in our territory,'' said Otwell, 30, who was a
contestant on the CBS television program ''Survivor.''

''They'll get called on by representatives who can handle that kind of talk,
ones that can tolerate it and don't think anything about it.''

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Townsville Sun (Australia)

                          November 27, 2013 Wednesday
                             TownsvilleSun Edition

Double the entertainment

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 339  words


AUDIENCES will be swaying in their seats this Saturday.

Attori's Rick Romeo has joined forces with Kim Kirkman, one of the original
members of The Ten Tenors, to present an elegant evening of unforgettable songs.

The dynamic duo of entertainment will present Swing Serenade - a tight,
professional and well-choreographed cabaret-style show that is ideal for
everything from intimate foyer functions to larger-sized theatre performances.

Kirkman has sung with Opera Queensland, the Victorian State Opera and many
smaller companies overseas.

He currently sings with A Class Act in Brisbane and performs many concerts
around Mackay and the Whitsundays region.

Romeo, a Queensland local, is well-known in the region from a variety of
professional and amateur theatre events, as well as his highly successful
cabaret act, the RAT PACK's here .

Both singers are known for easily engaging an audience with their charismatic
onstage performances and powerful vocals, as the two meld together two different
genres of music into one unforgettable evening of entertainment.

Kirkman will bring his powerful talents alive, to delight lovers of opera and
musical theatre with songs such as Nessun dorma, Torna, O Sole Mio and Santa
Lucia .

Meanwhile Romeo will have the audience swaying in their seats as he sings up a
storm with great numbers made famous by artists such as members of the Rat Pack
and Michael Buble.

Sing along to such popular classics as Viva Las Vegas, Ain't That a Kick in the
Head, Moondance, Crazy Little Thing Called Love, Under My Skin, Miss Jones,
Straighten Up and Fly Right, Sway, Mack the Knife, New York, New York and That's
Life .

They will combine their dynamic voices and perfect harmonies to entrance the
audience with their beautiful renditions of classics such as My Way, Feelin'
Good, Sway and La Donna e Mobile .

Swing Serenade will be performed on Saturday at 8pm at C2, Townsville Civic
Theatre.Tickets are: Adult $40; concession $35; TCMC Member $30; children 12
years/under are free - but a ticket for seating is required.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Townsville Sun


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        March 10, 2002 Sunday 2D EDITION

Jeffco didn't try to sway Columbine vote, pols say

BYLINE: By Kieran Nicholson, Denver Post Staff Writer,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 466 words


Some state legislators who met with Jefferson County  officials before voting
down the formation of a committee to  investigate the Columbine shootings said
the meetings were merely  informative and not an attempt to sway the vote.

A majority of a House panel, which voted 7-2 Thursday against  a proposal by
Rep. Don Lee, R-Littleton, to launch a legislative  Columbine investigation, met
with county officials before the  vote, said John Masson, a county spokesman.

'They never pressured, or counted, or asked how we were going  to vote at all,'
Rep. Steve Johnson, R-Fort Collins, said  Saturday. 'I went into the committee
not knowing how I was going  to vote.'

Meetings between county officials and legislators were held  as a way to brief
lawmakers about Columbine and answer possible  questions before the House Civil
Justice and Judiciary Committee  met to vote on forming a legislative
investigative committee,  Masson said.

'The purpose was not to persuade them not to do it,' Masson  said. 'The purpose
was to answer any questions they might have and  to review the materials that
are already in the public domain.'

Kate Battan, the lead Columbine investigator for the  Jefferson County Sheriff's
Office, and Assistant County Attorney  Lilly Oeffler were among county
representatives who attended the  meetings.

Masson said all nine committee members were invited by Lynnae  Flora of the
county attorney's office and that six, including Lee,  accepted the offer.

'They were very concerned we knew all the issues,' said Rep.  Joe Stengel,
R-Littleton. 'They didn't lobby us to vote yes or  no.'   But Lee said county
officials tried to dissuade him from  introducing the bill during his meeting
with them more than a  month ago, and he suspects the meetings with the others
had the  same purpose.

'Their intent was to prevent the committee from happening,'  Lee said.

On Thursday, the county officially took the position  that the bill should be
defeated, appearing before the House Civil  Justice and Judiciary Committee.

Rep. Shawn Mitchell, R-Broomfield, the only committee member  to vote in favor
of forming a legislative investigation other than  Lee, also attended a prior
county presentation. He could not be  reached for comment Saturday.

Rep. Alice Madden, D-Boulder, said she turned the invitation  to meet. 'I
thought it wouldn't affect me one way or the other,'  she said.

Madden said she voted against Lee's bill because she thought  a legislative
investigation could lead to 'political  grandstanding,' especially in an
election year.

Lee said he hopes to reintroduce another resolution to pursue  a legislative
investigation of Columbine before the session ends.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 16, 2013 Saturday

Throat-singing demo in Duluth links past, laughter (with video)

BYLINE: Christa Lawler, Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 468 words


March 16--The two women faced each other and gripped each other's forearms. They
began to sway and make deep noises.

They knew the drill: First one to laugh loses.

Nina Segalowitz and Lydia Etok gave a Nunavik-style throat-singing demonstration
Friday afternoon at Siiviis Gallery in Canal Park. The duo was on its way to
Sivertson Gallery in Grand Marais to perform as part of the 13th annual Inuit
Premiere, an event that highlights the shop's Northern artistic influences.

A sign in the front window of Siiviis directed the curious inside the store, and
about 30 people dropped in during the hourlong demonstration and informational
session.

"It's the first throat singers probably ever in Duluth, I bet," said Jan
Sivertson, gallery owner.

The schedule for Inuit Premiere included a screening of the documentary
"Kinngait: Riding Light into the World" on Friday, demonstrations at 11 a.m. and
2 p.m. today by Segalowitz and Etok and a full performance at 6 p.m. today in
Grand Marais.

Throat singing is a traditional Inuit pursuit. While the men went hunting, women
stayed home, and throat singing became a way to pass time, entertain and keep
warm. It is an art, but it is also a competition. The winner might score
mittens, a pair of boots or even a man who had caught the interest of dueling
women, Etok said.

The women link arms and perform by manipulating their throats to create a stream
of alternately percussive and melodic sounds. They look into each other's eyes
as they sway and try to throw off the other performer by changing the phrasing
or pacing.

"I'm supposed to be looking into her eyes. I look at her teeth," Etok confessed.

The style is ruled by the diaphragm, but also calls on voice and breathing to
create. Etok compared it to removing something lodged in the throat.

"But don't force it too much," she said.

Both women sipped drinks between demonstrations.

It's a tradition that has been passed on from mother to daughter for centuries
-- aside from a time when missionaries called it a style of devil worship, Etok
said.

Segalowitz and Etok, both from Canada, have performed competitively but more
often do informative demonstrations these days. For Segalowitz, who was adopted,
throat singing has been a way to connect to her roots.

"When I sing, I realize it has been done by women for thousands of years," she
said.

Segalowitz took the title in a friendly competition that had the women creating
sounds similar to a saw, wind, mosquitos and a puppy.

Sivertson has hosted the throat singers for previous Inuit Premiere events. She
sang briefly with Segalowitz on Friday.

"It's mysterious, very energetic and it's very fun," she said.

___ (c)2013 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130316-DU-Throat-singing-demo-in-Duluth-links-past-laughter-with-video-0316-20
130316

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2013 Duluth News-Tribune


                              696 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Eyes on Congress for trading rules;
After a court narrows insider definition, some are looking to lawmakers

BYLINE: MATTHEW GOLDSTEIN and BEN PROTESS

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1254 words

ABSTRACT

No federal law defines insider trading, a vacuum that has given federal judges
and regulators unusual sway in shaping the definition.

FULL TEXT

The legacy of Preet Bharara's crackdown on insider trading - his prosecutors won
more than 80 convictions as they swept through Wall Street - might now hinge on
the most unpredictable of allies: Congress.

On Friday, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied Mr.
Bharara's request to reconsider a ruling in December that sharply narrowed the
definition of insider trading. That ruling, issued by a three-judge panel of the
court, tossed out the convictions of two hedge fund traders and threatened to
dissolve other signature convictions and pleas secured by the office of Mr.
Bharara, the United States attorney for Manhattan.

The latest denial from the appeals court now leaves Mr. Bharara with few legal
options. With the approval of the United States solicitor general, Mr. Bharara
could seek to appeal the ruling to the Supreme Court, but legal analysts have
described his chances there as a long shot.

Given the paucity of legal avenues in this landmark case, the answer for future
investigations might lie instead with Congress, which could clarify just what
constitutes insider trading. Already, in the wake of the December ruling,
lawmakers have introduced at least three bills that would establish clearer
ground rules, potentially empowering prosecutors and stemming the fallout from
the ruling.

No federal law defines insider trading, a vacuum that has given federal judges
and regulators unusual sway in shaping the boundaries of what it means to trade
on confidential tips. In the absence of a federal law, the definition of insider
trading has emerged from a patchwork of legal opinions and regulations.

''This decision today reaffirms the need for Congress to act, and I'm pleased
that there is bipartisan interest in improving the fairness of our securities
markets and cracking down on harmful insider trading,'' Senator Jack Reed,
Democrat of Rhode Island, who introduced one of the bills, said in a statement
on Friday.

To be sure, most of Mr. Bharara's cases will still stand. And his crackdown on
insider trading will continue to be a centerpiece of his career.

Yet the order on Friday eliminated two of his paths for appeal. For one, the
appeals court denied the legal equivalent of a do-over in a process known as en
banc. The process would require every judge on the appeals court to hear the
case.

The three-judge panel that ruled in December, overturning the convictions of
Anthony Chiasson and Todd Newman, also refused to conduct a new hearing on the
matter, surprising some legal experts.

The three-judge panel, in dismissing the insider trading charges, ruled that Mr.
Chiasson and Mr. Newman needed to know that insiders at technology companies
were improperly leaking confidential information to hedge funds in exchange for
some ''personal benefit.''

In the case, the tips started with insiders at Dell and Nvidia and bounced among
a number of hedge funds before reaching Mr. Newman and Mr. Chiasson. Those extra
layers, the panel concluded, meant that the traders would not have known of any
such benefit.

The panel then went a step further, challenging the very notion of what
constitutes a benefit. It disagreed with prosecutors, who argued that the
benefit could be something as intangible as friendship, ruling that the
government had to show that a person passing on an insider tip expected to
receive something ''of some consequence'' in return.

The appeals court was not clear on what constitutes ''some consequence,'' and it
is this aspect of the ruling that has disturbed prosecutors in Mr. Bharara's
office the most. Prosecutors fear that the ruling will open the door to allowing
textbook leaks across the corporate world. Take, for example, the classic
example of an executive whispering to a friend on the golf course about a coming
acquisition.

In asking the appeals court to reconsider the ruling, Mr. Bharara's office had
said the panel's ''erroneous definition of the personal benefit requirement will
dramatically limit the government's ability to prosecute some of the most common
culpable and market-threatening forms of insider trading.''

At a minimum, Mr. Bharara had hoped the three-judge panel would clarify that
portion of the ruling. But now that it is clear the court will not do that, some
argue Congress should step in to remedy the matter if it wants to deter traders
from finding creative ways to profit from inside information.

Justice Antonin Scalia of the Supreme Court has suggested that Congress should
take up this issue.

And Ira Lee Sorkin, a longtime white-collar defense lawyer who may be best known
for representing Bernard Madoff, said the appeals court decision might increase
the pressure on Congress to clarify insider trading. Mr. Sorkin said it appeared
the courts were increasingly dissatisfied with having to interpret what
constitutes insider trading in the absence of a federal law and the Securities
and Exchange Commission's efforts to expand the definition over the years.

''The courts are fed up with expansion,'' Mr. Sorkin said. ''That is not to
criticize Bharara - he is simply doing what he thought the courts permitted him
to do - but the Second Circuit said, 'No.'''

If Congress were to act, the outcome would not affect those convictions now
imperiled by the appeals court ruling. But it would potentially set a standard
for future prosecutions.

In Mr. Reed's bill, he sought to draw a ''simple, bright line rule'' that would
eliminate the need for a personal benefit. That is, according to the bill, if
someone trades on material information that he has reason to know is
confidential, then that constitutes unlawful insider trading.

Then again, given the gridlock on most issues in Washington, the idea of passing
any insider trading law in Congress might be wishful thinking.

A spokesman for Mr. Bharara declined to comment on a possible Supreme Court
appeal. The Justice Department in Washington is reviewing its options, according
to a spokeswoman.

For now, barring such an appeal, it appears Mr. Chiasson and Mr. Newman are in
the clear.

''Today's decision, without dissent from any member of the Second Circuit,
emphatically reaffirms that Todd Newman committed no crime,'' Stephen Fishbein
and John Nathanson, Mr. Newman's lawyers, said in a statement. ''It is now time
for the government to move on and allow an innocent man to continue with his
life.''

Gregory Morvillo - who represented Mr. Chiasson along with Alexandra A. E.
Shapiro, and Mark F. Pomerantz, a lawyer at Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton &
Garrison - said, ''This victory is proof that the justice system worked how it
is supposed to, with thoughtful judicial oversight when there are glaring errors
at the trial court level.''

The ruling, left undisturbed, could also set the stage for another appellate
court to overturn the insider trading conviction of Michael Steinberg, a
longtime confidant and trader for Steven A. Cohen, the billionaire investor. Mr.
Steinberg was convicted of trading on much of the same sources of information as
Mr. Chiasson and Mr. Newman.

It is likely that other traders who pleaded guilty and agreed to cooperate with
Mr. Bharara's investigation may also seek to overturn their pleas. Separately, a
number of defendants in insider trading cases around the country have tried to
argue that the ruling in the case involving Mr. Chiasson and Mr. Newman should
void their cases as well.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           August 11, 2004 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Coors claims victory Nationally high-profile November race against Salazar takes
shape MONEY FLOWING IN The Colorado outcome could tip the balance of the Senate.
Some say the race could even sway the state's choice for president.

BYLINE: Mark P. Couch Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 853 words


Republican U.S. Senate candidate Pete Coors declared victory Tuesday, capping a
tumultuous primary season.

On the Democratic side, state Attorney General Ken Salazar had a substantial
lead over rival Mike Miles.

The Senate campaign is being closely watched nationally. The outcome could tip
the balance of the Senate.

Political observers say it could even sway Colorado's choice for president.

Coors showed strength in Republican strongholds Jefferson and El Paso counties
against former Congressman Bob Schaffer, who was carrying only a handful of
counties.

Coors supporters gathered at Coors Field in Lower Downtown to await returns. The
150 people sipped Killian's and Coors Light while Gov. Bill Owens, a Coors
backer, worked the crowd.

A Denver Post poll last week showed Coors with a slight lead but Schaffer with a
loyal core of support. Owens declined to predict the outcome but said that
"anything more than one vote is a landslide."

Salazar, one of the few Democrats to win a statewide election during the past
decade, met his crowd at Bogey's on the Park, 2500 York St.

Salazar would face a bruising battle with either Republican.

"You are going to see an extremely high-profile and expensive race," said John
Straayer, a political science professor at Colorado State University.
"Personalities and money are going to be flowing in from out of state."

They already are.

Salazar and Coors have raised money at a record pace for a statewide election
and have attracted thousands of donations from across the country.

And top U.S. senators - Sen. George Allen of Virginia for the Republicans and
Sen. Jon Corzine of New Jersey for the Democrats - plan to visit the state in
support of their candidates this week.

Corzine on Tuesday congratulated Salazar for winning, though not all the votes
had been counted.

The Republicans promise to put up a fight.

"Whoever emerges will get national support," said Christine Burtt, a
Denver-based Republican consultant. "We don't want to lose this seat, because it
could mean losing control of the Senate.

"And if we lose the Senate seat in Colorado, we stand a good chance of losing
Colorado for Bush."

That's because Salazar digs into independent and moderate Republican voters who
might not rush to the polls just for Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John
Kerry.

"Support for Kerry is not for Kerry the person, but opposition to Bush," Burtt
said. "Salazar becomes the pennant-holder for the party, the cause célèbre who
brings voters to the polls. And they'll say, 'Since I'm here pulling the lever
for Salazar, I'll pull the lever for Kerry."'

The Colorado Senate race swung from safely Republican to one of the hottest
races in the nation last winter when Sen. Ben Nighthorse Campbell, a popular
incumbent, announced his retirement for health reasons.

That set off a scramble in both parties.

Schaffer jumped into the race after Gov. Bill Owens and other top Republicans
passed.

But some Republicans, worried that Schaffer's socially conservative message
would alienate middle-of-the-road voters, began recruiting other candidates.

Coors stepped into the race in April with the blessing of Campbell and Owens,
who had planned to support Schaffer.

On the Democratic side, Salazar's entry into the race in March caused
millionaire businessman Rutt Bridges and Rep. Mark Udall of Eldorado Springs to
bow out.

Miles, who has been running for the office for two and a half years, stayed in
despite pressure from the party.

Miles and Schaffer surprised many this summer with strong showings at their
state party conventions - winning the top line on their respective ballots.

But Miles struggled to convert his victory among the Democratic activists to a
widespread following.

Salazar is already taking aim at Republicans for becoming too conservative for
most voters.

"The pendulum in Colorado has swung for too long to the right," Salazar said
Tuesday morning as he joined his supporters for a lunchtime march on Denver's
16th Street Mall.

The message works against Schaffer and Coors, said Michael Huttner, a Democratic
attorney, because Coors adopted so many of Schaffer's positions during the
primary campaign.

Coors said he was in favor of a constitutional ban on gay marriage but defended
his company's policy of providing benefits to partners of gay employees.

Straayer said he expects Coors to tone down his comments on such socially
conservative causes. Instead, the brewery executive likely will focus on
business-oriented issues.

"Coors will talk as little as he can about the social agenda," Straayer said.
"He will stick to matters like taxes."

If Schaffer wins, Straayer said, Salazar can expect the same treatment Coors
got.

"It will be extraordinarily negative and personally unpleasant for both
candidates," Straayer said. "Schaffer will run a very aggressive campaign based
on attack and surprise."

That's a lesson Coors would do well to learn if he wins, said Burtt.

"He needs to get on the offensive quickly," Burtt said. "You can't play defense
and win."

Staff writer Erin Cox contributed to this report.

Staff writer Mark P. Couch can be reached at 303-820-1794 or
mcouch@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lyn Alweis | The Denver Post Denver Mayor John Hickenlooper leaves the
voting booth Tuesday after casting his ballot at the Barth Hotel, 1514 17th St.
He will have a new future colleague this morning in the winner of the Denver
district attorney race. Helen H. Richardson | The Denver Post MOTOR VOTE |
Election volunteer Kathy Hodges collects absentee ballots near Denver's city
hall downtown. GRAPHICS: U.S. SENATE DEMOCRAT REPUBLICAN
PHOTO: Lyn Alweis | The Denver Post Denver Mayor John Hickenlooper leaves the
voting booth Tuesday after casting his ballot at the Barth Hotel, 1514 17th St.
He will have a new future colleague this morning in the winner of the Denver
district attorney race.
PHOTO: Helen H. Richardson | The Denver Post MOTOR VOTE | Election volunteer
Kathy Hodges collects absentee ballots near Denver's city hall downtown.
GRAPHICS: U.S. SENATE DEMOCRAT REPUBLICAN

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Results

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 07, 1995, Friday, Final Edition

Democrats in a Daze Over Gingrich's Sway; GOP Maintains Discipline to Advance
'Contract'

Kevin Merida, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 967 words


First Democrats said Newt Gingrich had the power of levitation -- able to make
House Republicans rise and clap on cue. Then they said he was the out-of-sight
speaker, cutting back-room deals with lobbyists to help drive his agenda. Now,
they are calling him the greatest showman on Earth, manipulating GOP lawmakers
as though they were acts in a circus.

"Like India rubber men," quipped Rep. Barney Frank (D-Mass.), "you can twist
them and bend them into any shape."

This, of course, is not flattery. It is scornful frustration at watching
Gingrich and Co. maintain loyalty from their troops in the first 100 days of
this Congress and head home after passing nine of 10 items in the GOP's
"Contract With America." On 16 major votes on contract provisions, an average of
97 percent of the Republican lawmakers stuck with the '94 campaign script.
That's better than the unity exhibited by either party in the 103rd Congress.

"He does hold great sway over the [GOP] conference," said Rep. Michael N. Castle
(R-Del.) of Gingrich. "But it's a very legitimate power he has -- through
organization, through intellect, through charisma."

So great was this power, apparently, that Castle was willing to support the
final version of the welfare reform bill even though he had problems with giving
cash payments to the states with few strings attached and worried that the
safety net would no longer be there for the poor in times of economic crisis.

Other Republican lawmakers also supported measures in the contract they were not
entirely happy with. For instance, House International Relations Committee
Chairman Benjamin A. Gilman (R-N.Y.), a longtime supporter of public employees,
reluctantly voted for a $ 189 billion tax-cut package that would require federal
workers to pay a greater share of their salary toward their retirement. Many who
swallowed this kind of untasty medicine were comforted in knowing that some
House measures were certain to be modified in the Senate.

On welfare reform, for example, Castle said: "I'm pleased it will be looked at
again."

Still, on final House passage only five of 230 GOP lawmakers voted against
welfare reform, only four against defense cuts and changes in U.S. military
policy, two against amending the Constitution to require a balanced budget and
none against unfunded mandates legislation. There was more Republican angst on a
bill expanding protection of property rights: 23 GOP defections. And the biggest
break in ranks was on term limits, which required a two-thirds majority to be
approved and fell 61 votes short. Forty Republicans voted no on the version that
attracted the broadest support.

Though the loyalty was strong, maintaining discipline was not easy.

"We had to learn to manage," said Republican Conference Chairman John A. Boehner
(Ohio), "but we didn't have to bruise anybody up. We didn't have to break any
arms."

Boehner acknowledges that maintaining loyalty on legislation will "probably be
more difficult in the succeeding months," without the contract as a guidepost.
In the next month, he said, GOP leaders will be working on improving the
decision-making process so that some lawmakers, including committee chairmen,
don't feel like they're "out of the loop."

At times during the first 100 days communication was poor and feelings were
wounded. In some instances, Republican leaders had to hastily cobble together
accommodations to head off mutiny and stay on course. That happened when
moderates threatened to kill a $ 17 billion spending cut plan -- not part of the
contract -- if it contained an antiabortion amendment. The amendment was
stripped.

To a lesser degree, Republican leaders made a concession -- largely window
dressing -- to moderates like Castle who wanted a tax-cut bill tied to deficit
reduction. However, when a larger group of 106 moderates wanted a $
500-per-child tax credit limited to families with incomes of no more than $
95,000, they were rebuffed. No amendment with their proposal was allowed. And
the bill, with its original cap of $ 200,000 on family income, passed
overwhelmingly Wednesday with only 11 Republican defections.

Not even the ringleaders of the alternative tax-credit proposal, Rep. Greg
Ganske (R-Iowa) and Agriculture Committee Chairman Pat Roberts (R-Kan.), felt
strongly enough about their concerns to vote against the tax-cut package. Ganske
said he did not feel opposition to the income cap should "make or break the
whole package."

Rep. Christopher Shays (R-Conn.), who thought the handling of the tax-cut
package by the leadership was "dumb," voted for it nonetheless. "I wasn't going
to have my vote end up making the first 100 days look like we're in disarray,
when we're not in disarray.'

Such caving, especially by moderate Republicans, engendered ridicule by
Democrats -- whose own ranks were hardly unified. According to one Republican
estimate, the contract's provisions passed with an average of 100 Democrats in
support.

Still, as one House Democratic aide wondered: How does someone like Rep.
Constance A. Morella (R-Md.) vote for a mid-year spending-reduction plan that
cuts student aid, cuts funding for housing people with AIDS, cuts utility bill
assistance for low-income people and summer jobs for youth? "It's not consistent
with her beliefs and her philosophy and her record," said the aide.

But Morella, who voted against four of 10 contract proposals including the
tax-cut package, doesn't apologize. "I'm still a social moderate, please note
that," she said. Of the recision package, which was not part of the contract,
Morella said she wished she "could change what was in it," but added that
sometimes "you have to make some decisions you don't like."

Staff researcher Ann O'Hanlon contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: April 07, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo; Photo, joe marquette/ap, REP. BARNEY FRANK Big Shot Miguel
Davis, 9, photographs House Speaker Newt Gingrich on Capitol Hill. Davis, a
student at Moten Elementary School in Southeast Washington, was trailing
Gingrich with photographer P.F. Bentley. Meanwhile, Gingrich's sway over the
House GOP in getting nine of 10 "Contract With America" items passed during
Congress's first 100 days has amazed some Democrats as well as Republicans.
(Photo ran in an earlier edition)

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              699 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 9, 2015 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Height Meets Heft

BYLINE: By MICHELLE HIGGINS

SECTION: Section RE; Column 0; Real Estate Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1772 words


Fueled by a scarcity of land and by demand from multimillionaires willing to pay
record prices for helicopter views of Central Park and beyond, Manhattan
developers are building ever taller, ever thinner apartment buildings on ever
tinier lots. Clustered mostly in and around West 57th Street, these skinny
skyscrapers are reaching heights of more than 1,000 feet.

One consequence of beanstalk proportions: The higher and slimmer buildings get,
the more they tend to sway at the top.

On a typically breezy day, a tower 1,000 feet tall might move a couple of
inches, according to Rowan Williams Davies and Irwin, consulting engineers.
About once a year, a 50-mile-per-hour wind comes up, moving a tower of this size
about half a foot. On a rare day, say once every 50 years, 100-mile-per-hour
winds might move the tower as much as two feet.

While such movement does not present a safety hazard and is often imperceptible,
it can make some people woozy. So developers of skinny skyscrapers are
installing giant counterweights, or dampening systems, at the apex of their
towers to offset building motion. This ballast is not an amenity proclaimed in
large type in a glossy brochure -- or one most developers care to talk about.
Nevertheless, it is viewed as state-of-the-art assurance for the
penthouse-buying set.

''It makes sense to do it, because who wants to wear a seasick band when you're
at your house?'' joked Brian K. Lewis, an associate broker at Halstead Property,
who is representing a buyer in contract at 780-foot-tall 520 Park Avenue, and
other buyers considering apartments at the towers One57 on West 57th Street and
432 Park Avenue, which all have dampening systems. ''They're not marketing it,''
he added.

Dampening systems are not as alluring a draw as a slick lobby. One type, called
a tuned mass damper, is made of steel or concrete, weighs anywhere from 300 to
800 tons and is housed with other mechanical equipment at the top of the
building. A typical system can take up approximately 1,000 square feet of space
and utilizes a double-height ceiling. Connected to the structure's walls by a
system of pistons and spring mounts, the damper acts like a massive shock
absorber, pulling the building back toward its original position whenever high
winds blow.

Another type of damper, known as a slosh damper or slosh tank, uses tons of
water instead of steel to add weight to the top of a building.

''It's this incredible bit of technology that really gets hidden,'' said Stephen
DeSimone, the president of DeSimone Consulting Engineers, which specializes in
the design of high-rises. His firm is employing mass dampers to help minimize
sway at rising buildings, including Time Equities' 50 West, a 780-foot-tall
curved glass condominium in Lower Manhattan, and 100 East 53rd Street, a
710-foot-tall condominium by Vanke, Hines and RFR Holding.  ''Nobody knows it's
there, standing guard, if you will.''

These massive stabilizers are increasingly an integral part of skyscraper design
in New York as buildings climb from ever smaller bases. In the last five years,
Rowan Williams Davies and Irwin, a Canadian firm, a.k.a R.W.D.I., has worked on
nine water-based and 14 mechanical dampers in New York. That's up from just four
slosh tanks and three tuned mass dampers between the late 1990s and the last
recession.

Right now, at least 10 luxury Manhattan apartment buildings under construction
plan to install one.

Among them: 111 West 57th Street, the 1,428-foot-tall condominium and conversion
of the landmark Steinway building undertaken by JDS Development Group and
Property Markets Group; 53W53, the 1,050-foot tall apartment house next door to
the Museum of Modern Art, by Hines, Goldman Sachs and the Pontiac Land Group of
Singapore; Vornado Realty Trust's 950-foot-tall limestone tower at 220 Central
Park South; and 111 Murray Street, a 792-foot-tall curved glass condominium by
Fisher Brothers, Witkoff and New Valley, on the edge of TriBeCa.

Then there's 432 Park Avenue, a venture of CIM Group and Macklowe Properties,
which topped out last year at 1,396 feet and holds the title for the tallest
residential tower in the Western Hemisphere. It has two tuned mass dampers.

Dampening systems are not required by the New York City building code, and
structural engineers emphasize that this equipment has nothing to do with the
integrity of the building.

''It's purely about comfort,'' said Silvian Marcus, a director of building
structures for WSP, an international engineering consultancy. ''It's related to
money and how luxurious the place is.''

Builders put skyscrapers through all kinds of tests to make sure they will
perform well in every conceivable weather condition. Scale models are placed in
wind tunnel machines that simulate extreme winds. Based on the results, changes
can be made in the design, like shoring up the building with thicker walls and
columns.

The terra-cotta panels and bronze latticework on the east and west facades of
111 West 57th, for example, were designed partly to reduce the wind forces on
the building.

Granted, all skyscrapers sway to some degree. And most of the time that movement
is so slight it is imperceptible. But with tuned mass dampers costing relatively
little -- roughly $5 million, not much in the scheme of things, with penthouses
selling for as much as $100 million -- it's worth the investment for developers
to ensure that the buyers of their apartments rarely, if ever, have any reason
to consider wind speed.

''Unless you're a supersensitive person, you're probably not going to feel it,''
said Izak Senbahar, a developer of 56 Leonard, an 821-foot TriBeCa tower that is
to have a water-based damper. ''But if you're building a luxury apartment, you
have to think about the comfort of every buyer.'' In that sense, he said, ''I
think it's a must.''

Most of the developers contacted for this article were not willing to discuss
the dampers going into their buildings. If they were concerned that doing so
might incite jitters among potential penthouse buyers, they wouldn't say.

Mr. Senbahar, one of two developers who returned calls by deadline, likened the
system to any other building amenity. ''Your marketing people may not think a
damper is sexy,'' he said, pointing out that marketers tend to be more excited
about features like dog spas than building engineering. ''I was joking,'' he
added, ''but a damper and a dog-grooming station are just two amenities of a
building.''

Another developer not shy about discussing building sway was Simon Koster, a
principal of JDS Development Group, which with the Property Markets Group is
building 111 West 57th Street. With a 60-foot-wide tower, the 1,428-foot
condominium is perhaps the slimmest of them all. Designed by SHoP Architects, it
will have an 800-ton tuned mass damper.

''Is the building structurally sound without the damper? The answer is
absolutely,'' Mr. Koster said. ''All buildings move. It's about tailoring that
movement'' for the comfort of the occupants.

Engineers have no problems talking about dampers, enthusing about aspect ratios,
milli-g's and other measurements that go into their design. They point out that
it is not so much the actual displacement of a building that is pertinent, but
rather the acceleration and deceleration of the building's sway when winds kick
up.

''When you're in a car, you may be going 60 miles per hour and you don't feel
it,'' said Eli Gottlieb, a senior principal of Thornton Tomasetti, a New York
engineering firm that is working on at least three Manhattan buildings that will
have dampers. ''But every time the car accelerates or decelerates or changes
lanes, you feel the start and stop.''

That sensation is acceptable in a moving vehicle partly because it's expected,
engineers say. In a building, however, people don't anticipate that the floor
will move. ''It's your home,'' said Mr. Marcus of WSP. ''Imagine you start
eating and you see the wine in your glass going left to right.''

While slosh-inducing storms are rare, a damper would slow the acceleration,
measured in milli-g's, by up to 50 percent, according to R.W.D.I. The perception
of motion, therefore, would also be reduced.

To give developers an idea of what those milli-g's actually feel like, R.W.D.I.
has teamed up with the Fisheries and Marine Institute of Memorial University of
Newfoundland. There, a simulator designed to replicate the movement of
oceangoing vessels in rough seas for mariner training offers a virtual reality
experience of building sway in blustery weather.

The simulator, usually outfitted to look like the bridge of a ship, is decorated
with furniture when a developer is the client, including a couch, a chandelier
and wine glasses filled with water. Instead of rocky seas, city views are
projected on the walls. While clients sit, stand or lean against a kitchen
counter as they might at home, ''we take it through the full range,'' with and
without a damper, said Jon Galsworthy, a principal of R.W.D.I.

The developers get an idea of what they might expect to feel without a damper
on, say, a windy day in the spring, during a big nor'easter, or when a hurricane
hits. ''It makes it very, very real and leaves a very distinct impression,'' he
said.

So what exactly does it feel like? ''You get a little dizzy and a little
disoriented,'' said Maria Halfyard, a manager of the Center for Marine
Simulation at the Fisheries and Marine Institute. ''You're like, whoa, this is
weird. I'm in a building and I'm moving and I feel like I'm getting motion
sick.''

But those who have lived in high places say the sway can also be exciting. ''I
actually thought it was really cool,'' said Christopher Meloni, the actor, who
lived with his family on the 60th floor of the Park Imperial in Midtown
Manhattan for several years until moving to Los Angeles a couple years ago.

Even though the Park Imperial has a dampening system, Mr. Meloni said he ''would
feel the sensation and then I would look to my right and I'd see the buildings
next door moving back and forth through my framed window and go, 'O.K., I'm not
crazy.'

''To me, the joy about living that high is the weather phenomenon,'' he added.
''Sometimes you're fogged in and so you feel, 'here I am flying through the
clouds.' You'll see the storm fronts coming from over New Jersey and over the
middle of the Hudson. It always was very, very exciting.''

Mr. Meloni's apartment is on the market for $8.95 million. With its high-floor
panoramic views, said Mr. Lewis, the listing broker of Halstead Property, it is
''attracting strong interest.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/09/realestate/keeping-skyscrapers-from-blowing-in
-the-wind.html

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Among the tall and skinny buildings in Manhattan with dampening
systems are, clockwise from above: 50 West Street (center of frame)
111 West 57th Street
432 Park Avenue (to the right of the Empire State Building, which predates the
technology)
and 53 West 53rd Street. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY DBOX
HAYES DAVIDSON AND SHOP ARCHITECTS
MARK LENNIHAN/ASSOCIATED PRESS
HAYES DAVIDSON) (RE10) GRAPHICS: Reducing Skyscraper Sway: All tall buildings
sway in high winds. And the skinnier they are, the more they tend to sway. While
the movement does not present a safety hazard and is often imperceptible, it can
make some people queasy. To keep residents comfortable, developers of skinny
skyscrapers are placing ''tuned mass dampers'' at the top to slow building
motion. These giant counterweights are increasingly an integral part of building
design in New York as skyscrapers climb taller from smaller bases. (Sources:
SHoP Architects
WSP) (GRAPHICS BY MIKA GRÖNDAHL/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (RE1)
 Heavy on Top: To keep skinny skyscrapers from swaying when high winds blow,
developers are placing giant counterweights at the top. They can weigh anywhere
from 300 to 800 tons apiece. To get an idea of how much heft that is, consider
the following 800-ton equivalents. (RE10)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              700 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            August 19, 2014 Tuesday

Uber hires David Plouffe, former Obama strategist, to lead political campaign
against cabs, regulations

BYLINE: By Heather Somerville hsomerville@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Business

LENGTH: 657 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- Uber on Tuesday tapped David Plouffe, former campaign manager
and White House adviser to President Barack Obama, to wage a multifront fight
against regulators and the taxi industry, becoming the latest Silicon Valley
company to hire a Washington insider to woo policymakers and bolster its
political firepower.

Uber co-founder and CEO Travis Kalanick said Plouffe would make "sure that our
story is told, and that the right outcome happens" to prevail against regulators
and insurance and taxi companies that have staged fierce opposition to
smartphone apps like the one his company offers that let users hire a car for a
ride.

"There are a number of places that we aren't in because of the regulations that
exist today," Kalanick said. "And we have tens of thousands of consumers, and
sometimes hundreds of thousands of consumers, who are clamoring for a way to get
around that city. "

Uber is part of a trend: Increasingly, startups and tech giants have found
themselves in a maelstrom of lobbyists and politics, according to tech experts,
as they tangle with business regulations.

"There is a practical acknowledgment in Silicon Valley that, much to our
chagrin, Washington plays a larger and larger role in our lives," said Bob
Ackerman, founder and director of Palo Alto venture firm Allegis Capital. "And
like it or not, you have to engage."

Apple's Tim Cook last year tapped former Environmental Protection Agency chief
Lisa Jackson to lead the company's environmental initiatives. Google in 2012
hired Susan Molinari, a former Republican member of Congress from New York, to
be its head lobbyist. And recently San Francisco cloud software company Dropbox
appointed former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to its board of directors
to aid the company's global expansion.

Plouffe, 47, will join Uber in San Francisco at the end of September as senior
vice president of policy and strategy, and will run Uber's campaign in its
self-described political race against taxis and regulators. The company did not
disclose his salary.

Plouffe on Tuesday said his role at Uber "will be very familiar" after his work
running Obama's 2008 campaign. "But with any new challenge, there are
distinctions and a learning curve," he added.

Ackerman said Plouffe's hire is "an astute move on the part of Uber. They are up
against an entrenched, well-organized adversary in the taxi industry that has
developed and maintained tremendous political sway."

After the Public Utilities Commission last year rolled out new regulations to
legalize on-demand car service apps, Uber and its supporters had hoped most of
the country would follow California's lead. Instead, the company has continued
to face resistance in new markets, and some experts say only a seasoned
political strategist -- not software engineers -- can sway regulators from
Dallas to Philadelphia, Spain and Germany.

Uber, founded in 2009, is one is of the few young companies to put a top
Washington official on its payroll -- and it can afford to do so thanks to
stratospheric venture capital funding, including the largest-ever VC investment
of $1.2 billion this year, which pushed the company's valuation to at least
$18.2 billion. Like Google and other tech giants, Uber has also hired powerful
lobbyists in Washington to drive its expansion, and in May tapped Ashwini
Chhabra, a former top official at the Taxi and Limousine Commission in New York,
as its first leader of policy development and community engagement. The car
service is now in 170 cities and 43 countries.

"It's hard to deny progress," Plouffe said. "It's hard to stand in the way of
change."

Plouffe said he will commute to San Francisco initially but has plans to move to
the West Coast with his wife, Olivia Morgan, and their two children in summer
2015. He will also end his roles as contributor to Bloomberg TV and ABC News.

Contact Heather Somerville at 510-208-6413. Follow her at
Twitter.com/heathersomervil .

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 1, 1989, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

SPORTS OF THE TIMES;
The Worst World Series Ever Played

BYLINE: By IRA BERKOW

SECTION: Section B; Page 11, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 790 words


Tonight there will be no seventh game of the World Series. Tonight there will be
no Mr. November for the seventh game. Tonight, on what would have been the
evening of the seventh game had the Series gone that far, the teams are resting.
Until spring. The Series ended, of course, on Saturday night, after the Oakland
A's drubbed San Francisco in four straight games, in the longest short series in
baseball history, and at once the dullest but most dramatic World Series ever.

Some say the heavily favored A's simply had too much hitting for the Giants.

Some say the A's simply had too much pitching for the Giants.

''The Giants,'' suggested a grandmother in Mount Vernon, N.Y., ''hit too many
foul balls.''

Meanwhile, it took 14 days to play those four games, due to the unearthly
interruption in the form of an earthy eruption.

It is sometimes said that when a big hitter swings he makes the stadium sway. In
San Francisco on Oct. 17, just before Game 3, the Biggest Hitter indeed made
Candlestick Park sway. Which is why some now call the place Wiggly Field.

The games themselves were the most lopsided in history, with hardly a modicum of
theater, and if it hadn't been for the natural disaster, that rumbling temblor,
and the 10-day postponement, the Series would have been lost to memory on the
last out of the final game. Fans would have had to be nudged awake, and told to
go home, that it was over.

From a purely baseball standpoint, the Series seemed even longer than two weeks.
This was the 14th sweep in the 86 Fall Classics. Worse, never was the outcome of
any game in much doubt. Never once did the Giants take a lead. Only once did
they even tie the score - 1-1 in the third inning of Game 2. The closest final
score was 9-6, in Game 4. The others, in order, were 5-0, 5-1, 13-7.

There was virtually no controversy, other than Storm Davis's griping about not
starting Game 4 for the A's. There was virtually no suspense, other than whether
Jose Canseco would ever get another hit.

The quake seemed not to make much difference in the caliber of play. The A's had
outscored the Giants by a total of nine runs in the first two games, and by
eight runs in the last two games. So the two games before and two games after
the Big Shake were all vanilla.

The best observations had to do with the earthquake itself, such as from Will
Clark, who was running in the outfield at 5:04 on that fateful Tuesday evening.
''I knew something was wrong,'' he said, ''when the ground was moving faster
than I was.''

The least memorable line was attributed to Canseco: ''I was standing in right
field. At first I thought it was another of my migraines, but it was just an
earthquake.''

The great hitting and pitching of the A's was obscured by the docile opposition,
and the deadly quake.

The A's scored 32 runs to the Giants' 14, which tied for the biggest
differential in Series play. The 1932 Yankees had that margin over the Cubs, but
that was the year Babe Ruth supposedly called his shot, and the Cubs did lead in
three of the games and fought back to tie in the other.

Every sweep besides the one in the Bay had at least some excitement on the
field, other than the activity of the field itself.

In 1907, the winning Cubs and the Ty Cobb Tigers played to a 12-inning tie in
the first game before darkness set in. The 1914 Miracle Braves, a last-place
team in mid-July, beat Connie Mack's defending champion A's, winning Game 2,
1-0, with a run in the bottom of the ninth.

The 1922 Giants came back in three of the five games - one was a tie - to win
the Series, containing an oddly toothless Ruth, who hit .118 with no homers. The
1927 Murderers' Row Yankees were behind in two games against Pittsburgh, and won
two games, including Game 4, by one run.

The 1928 Cards led in two games before losing to the Yanks, while an arm-weary
Dizzy Dean of the Cubs nearly beat the Yankees in Game 2 in 1938. In 1939, the
Reds lost the fourth and final game to the Yankees in 10 innings. The 1950 Whiz
Kids of Philadelphia lost to the Yankees 1-0, 2-1 in the 10th on a homer by
DiMaggio, 3-2 and 5-2.

Dusty Rhodes and Willie Mays saved the day -several days - for the Giants when
they humbled the Indians in 1954. In 1963, the Dodgers beat the Yankees, with
Sandy Koufax setting a strikeout record of 15 in Game 1, and then beat Whitey
Ford, 2-1, in Game 4.

In 1966, the Orioles beat the Dodgers, with Games 3 and 4 both 1-0.

In the 1976 Series, the closest rival to 1989 for tedium, the Steinbrenner
Yankees managed to come back to tie in the first two games and led, 1-0, in the
fourth, before collapsing in each game to the Reds.

The 1989 Fault Classic thus qualifies on every level as the Worst World Series
Ever Played.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              702 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                           October 22, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL Edition

Tattle: Study: Celebs DO have effect on voters

BYLINE: By Howard Gensler

SECTION: FEATURES; DN Yo! Features; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 862 words


DO CELEBRITIES have any sway in politics?

Do initiatives by rockers and rappers spur young people to vote or merely anger
folks on the other side of the spectrum who want the Streisands and Springsteens
and Baldwins to shut up?

According to a new study, stars do have an impact.

(Note: Most celebs tend to be left-wingers and the academics who study such
trends tend to be left-wingers, so this could just be the left-wing echo chamber
reinforcing the strength of its echo.)

That said . . .

"Celebrities have the power to motivate civic engagement regardless of their own
grasp of the issues at hand," according to research by Washington State
University published in the Mass Communication and Society journal.

The study, based on a survey of 305 students at the university (not a very big
sample), contrasted with other polls indicating that celebrity political
endorsements don't mean squat.

(Tattle's endorsement, however, can actually sway votes.)

The study said: "Celebrity endorsed campaigns successfully lowered complacency
and helped young people believe in their own impact on the political system.
Young people got involved at higher levels and became increasingly aware of
societal issues."

True, perhaps, but the survey subjects were all college students. Had 305 high
school dropouts been asked, the results may have been quite different.

Faith-based exerciseAfter having three kids and turning 40, Faith Hill turned to
Pilates.

"I could bend in ways I haven't been able to since I was a teenager," she says
in the new Shape magazine. "My husband loves it!"

But in January, knee surgery ended Faith's exercise regimen for six months.

In July she and hubby Tim McGraw hit the gym with an old-fashioned workout
including four miles on the elliptical, light weight lifting, crunches, and
push-ups.

"I found I slept better, had more energy, and was stronger," she says. Then
Faith added the Pilates back in. (Note: Tattle also does Pilates. Alas, not with
Faith.)

"It was so hard, but ultimately so worth it," she says. "My core is much
stronger, and my arms are more toned. In fact, wearing a bikini on a magazine
cover is my 41st birthday present to myself."

Tattle docket* High-profile di-

vorce lawyer Raoul Felder has filed a $5.2 million lawsuit against Alliance
Global Wealth Management, claiming it lost $200,000 of his money when it ignored
his instructions and investment goals.

So they lost $200,000 and he's suing for $5.2 million? Yeah, and Tattle lost a
quarter in a taxi cab but we'd like $20 returned to us.

The suit, filed Monday, says that Alliance officials induced Felder to put his
money into risky investments after he asked for relatively conservative
securities and that he "began to suffer significant losses."

The suit adds that the Alliance financial advisers abused Felder's trust and
acted out of "greed and self-interest."

Wall Street money managers? Go figure.

Felder adds that he asked out of the fund in April but Alliance made him stay in
until June.

He should be thrilled they didn't make him stay in through September.

* Remember Ronnie Blake, Jakon Sutter and Dante Nigro

Didn't think so.

They're the three guys who say Lindsay Lohan held them hostage during an alleged
alcohol-fueled drive along the Pacific Coast Highway in July 2007.

Now, according to TMZ.com,

they're suing her.

The trio claims Lindsay was "hostile," and "didn't care about the risk of
death."

(Guys, she was just trying to come to terms with her own closeted sexuality.)

Reportedly disobeying most traffic laws, Lindsay and the car ended up at the
Santa Monica Police Departmentm where she was arrested for DUI. Police also
found some white powder.

After a guilty plea, she eventually served one day in jail.

Her lawyer, Ed McPherson, told TMZ.com the suit is "absurd," adding, "These guys
had the night of their lives . . . "

Tattbits* Gillian Anderson ("The X-Files") and her boyfriend, Mark Griffiths,
are the parents of a neat baby boy named Felix.

Anderson's manager, Connie Freiberg, said Felix was born Oct. 15 in London. He
is the second child for Anderson and Griffiths, a British businessman. Oscar
will be 2 next month.

Felix and Oscar?

"She's never even seen the show. She had no idea," Freiberg said.

* Doylestown's Pink

(aka Alecia Moore), who has her first No. 1 with "So What," told PopEater.com on
the set of AOL Music Sessions, that the song "was a joke" when she wrote it.

As for the song mocking Jessica Simpson, Pink denied it.

"Everyone thinks I'm trashing Jessica Simpson, but I'm actually not at all," she
said. "I'm actually saying that she's cooler than me 'cause the waiter keeps
taking my table and giving it to her."

Besides, in an earlier version of the song the lyric went: "The pilot just took
my private jet and gave it to Haylie Duff."

* Britney Spears' driver's-license

case has been declared a mistrial.

A jury foreman announced that the panel failed to agree after four votes about
whether the singer was guilty of driving without a valid license.

Either it was valid or not. How could that be a question?

Jurors also could not agree on how they felt about her new song. *

Daily News wire services contributed to this report.

E-mail gensleh@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           December 9, 2010 Thursday
                                 Second Edition

Unions' power closely watched;
Unions' power watched - THE WIKILEAKS FILES DAY TWO

BYLINE: PHILIP DORLING and NICK McKENZIE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 629 words


AUSTRALIAN union bosses hold "powerful sway" over ministers and have
"disproportionate influence" over the federal government via backroom deals,
according to confidential United States cables. The cables reveal that senior
union leaders have privately briefed US officials about how they use their
influence over the Labor Party to shape federal government policies, including
those on climate change. The cables, sent to Washington from US diplomatic posts
in Canberra and Melbourne and released to The Age by WikiLeaks, also reveal the
close watch American officials keep on the union movement. The cables state
that: "Right-wing unions "wield considerable influence" among senior ministers
and cultivate "a robust stable" of MPs.

"Health Services Union national secretary Kathy Jackson claimed that "she and
other union secretaries wield at least as much influence as junior state
ministers . . . by controlling who is elected to Parliament". "Labor
parliamentary secretary Richard Marles told a US envoy about his "close
relationship" with unions and that "the ACTU uses his office in Canberra when
Parliament is sitting". The cables, which draw mostly on briefings from union
leaders in Victoria in 2009, examine the backroom power of various unions
aligned to the Labor Right faction. "Victorian right-of-centre unions maintain a
powerful sway over federal and state ministers by engaging in backroom
diplomacy, funding political campaigns and grooming future MPs," one cable,
dated August 2009, states. It says unions "continue to play a significant role
in the formulation of national policies that can impact the United States".
Australian Workers Union Victorian boss Cesar Melhem is quoted saying the AWU
used a "well-researched and backroom policy" to influence the government's
handling of the Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme. Mr Melhem is also recorded
telling how the "the AWU works diligently to place its own members in
parliamentary positions, both at state and federal levels. This includes Bill
Shorten." The US officials who wrote the cables repeatedly refer to the manner
in which Labor MPs are nominated and promoted due to their union ties and
factional standing. A 2007 cable describes how Kevin Rudd dealt with the
election to Parliament of union leaders Greg Combet and Bill Shorten. "Rudd has
done only what he had to do, giving the parliamentary secretary positions in
recognition of their former positions," the cable states, referring to
expectations they might get more senior roles. Mr Marles, a former ACTU
assistant secretary who is reviewed warmly in the cable, is quoted saying he
suspected his role in mending a rift within his Victorian ALP faction played a
role in his promotion to parliamentary secretary. The National Union of Workers
tells US officials that the key to gaining influence "is the ability to
effectively marshal union membership to support ALP candidates". The cable also
refers to the declining power of left-leaning unions over Labor, an observation
drawn partly through briefings from CFMEU national secretary Dave Noonan and
Victorian secretary Bill Oliver, both described as "capable leaders". The CFMEU
complained that it had "no access" to the then Victorian cabinet, "including the
state minister specifically designated to interface with labor unions". "The
CFMEU utilizes a much more public and antagonistic form of lobbying. This
characteristic has led . . . Julia Gillard and other ALP officials to publicly
distance themselves from the CFMEU," the cable says. In contrast, Right union
leaders are described as "dynamic and forward thinking . . . Unionized workers
represent almost 20 per cent of the Australian work force yet hold
disproportionate political influence in federal and Victorian politics".

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

STOCK UP | COMPILED

BYLINE: LIGAYA FIGUERAS; Staff

SECTION: FOOD; Pg. 3F

LENGTH: 319 words


Did you vow to eat better in 2017? Check out these three local products that
will keep you on the whole foods track - even when a snack attack strikes.

Good Habit Super Toppers

If eating a better breakfast is on your list of resolutions, oatmeal is an
excellent source of fiber, and plain yogurt delivers a nice dose of protein. But
let's admit it: by themselves, they can be a bit boring. Toppings like nuts,
seeds and spices enliven that bowl of morning goodness, and Marietta health food
business Good Habit makes it easy with its line of Super Topper blends like
Ginger Spice, Spiced Apple & Figs, and our favorite, Vanilla Maple, which also
tastes sensational in a smoothie. $8.99 - $9.99/7.25-oz. package, Available at
all Atlanta-area Whole Foods Market; Sevanada Natural Foods Market Co-Op, 467
Moreland Ave. N.E., Atlanta, 404-681-2831, sevananda.coop; Nuts 'n Berries, 4274
Peachtree Road N.E., Brookhaven, 404-254-0330, nutsnberries.com; and Amy's
Natural Foods, 10591 Old Alabama Road Connector, Alpharetta, 770-998-9500,
amysnaturalfoods.com.

Bella Cucina

Artichoke Lemon Pesto

Our latest favorite crostini topping is this artichoke lemon pesto from
Atlanta-based Bella Cucina. Fleshy artichoke combines with the funk of Parmesan
cheese, the richness of extra-virgin olive oil and the zing of citrus for a fine
change-up to the chips-and-dip routine. $12/6-oz. jar, Joseph and Co., 925
Garrett St., Atlanta. 404-228-6033, athomewithjoseph.com.

Sway Tomato Jam

We're smitten with the tomato jam that Thomas McKeown, executive chef at Sway at
the Hyatt Regency Atlanta, created in collaboration with local pickling phenom
Doux South. The savory jam tastes deceptively like quince paste, which explains
why we can't get enough of it paired with Manchego cheese on crackers. $8/6-oz.
jar, Hyatt Regency Atlanta (in the market lobby), 265 Peachtree Street NE,
Atlanta, 404 577 1234, https://atlanta.regency.hyatt.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2017 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              705 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

STOCK UP | COMPILED

BYLINE: LIGAYA FIGUERAS; Staff

SECTION: LIVING & ARTS; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 319 words


Did you vow to eat better in 2017? Check out these three local products that
will keep you on the whole foods track - even when a snack attack strikes.

Good Habit Super Toppers

If eating a better breakfast is on your list of resolutions, oatmeal is an
excellent source of fiber, and plain yogurt delivers a nice dose of protein. But
let's admit it: by themselves, they can be a bit boring. Toppings like nuts,
seeds and spices enliven that bowl of morning goodness, and Marietta health food
business Good Habit makes it easy with its line of Super Topper blends like
Ginger Spice, Spiced Apple & Figs, and our favorite, Vanilla Maple, which also
tastes sensational in a smoothie. $8.99 - $9.99/7.25-oz. package, Available at
all Atlanta-area Whole Foods Market; Sevanada Natural Foods Market Co-Op, 467
Moreland Ave. N.E., Atlanta, 404-681-2831, sevananda.coop; Nuts 'n Berries, 4274
Peachtree Road N.E., Brookhaven, 404-254-0330, nutsnberries.com; and Amy's
Natural Foods, 10591 Old Alabama Road Connector, Alpharetta, 770-998-9500,
amysnaturalfoods.com.

Bella Cucina

Artichoke Lemon Pesto

Our latest favorite crostini topping is this artichoke lemon pesto from
Atlanta-based Bella Cucina. Fleshy artichoke combines with the funk of Parmesan
cheese, the richness of extra-virgin olive oil and the zing of citrus for a fine
change-up to the chips-and-dip routine. $12/6-oz. jar, Joseph and Co., 925
Garrett St., Atlanta. 404-228-6033, athomewithjoseph.com.

Sway Tomato Jam

We're smitten with the tomato jam that Thomas McKeown, executive chef at Sway at
the Hyatt Regency Atlanta, created in collaboration with local pickling phenom
Doux South. The savory jam tastes deceptively like quince paste, which explains
why we can't get enough of it paired with Manchego cheese on crackers. $8/6-oz.
jar, Hyatt Regency Atlanta (in the market lobby), 265 Peachtree Street NE,
Atlanta, 404 577 1234, https://atlanta.regency.hyatt.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2017 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              706 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             October 4, 2015 Sunday
                                  Mars Edition

Candidates can't count on past votes

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 634 words


Those voters aren't owned by a candidate.

Those 1,275,424 Indiana voters providing the narrow winning total for Republican
Mike Pence for governor in 2012 aren't all still his for re-election in 2016.

Those 1,200,016 Hoosiers voting instead for Democrat John Gregg in his
surprisingly strong challenge to Pence last time aren't all still his as he
tries again.

It's not, as some Democrats hope, that Gregg for victory needs only to sway just
a small number of voters to switch this time as they look askance at Pence's
record and add to Gregg's 2012 numbers.

Nor is it, as some Republicans hope, that Pence starts with his 2012 supporters
and to win bigger needs only to sway some voters lost as they looked askance at
a perceived goofus on the GOP ticket for senator last time.

It's a mistake to look at votes for a candidate in the last election and assume
that candidate will have those voters again in the next.

Every election differs from the last. Different issues. Different outlooks on
how things are going, on party brands, on campaign appeals. Different motivation
for various segments of the electorate to get to the polls or stay home.

If you think a candidate can count on past voter support in a new campaign, look
no further than Iowa, where Rick Santorum won the most votes in the 2012
Republican caucuses and now gets 1 percent in polls there.

Closer to home, former Republican Congressman Chris Chocola clobbered Democratic
challenger Joe Donnelly in 2004. Just two years later, Donnelly clobbered
Chocola right out of Congress. Who would have thought after their first match
that polls would show Chocola being hurt in the second encounter by voter
displeasure over the Toll Road sale and time issue?

Issues come and go.

In the campaign for governor next year, neither Pence nor Gregg starts out
owning the 1.2 million or so voters each won in 2012. Yes, each will start with
a party base, with the Republican voter base larger than the Democratic base in
Indiana. But what will sway voters in the middle ground, the independents and
the R's and D's who don't always vote a straight party ticket?

Gregg counts on changes since the last race to win -- and not just the change in
trimming the size or his mustache and being less folksy this time. The biggest
change is that Pence has a record as governor this time, and Gregg hammers at
that, especially the "religious freedom" act controversy.

Pence counts on changes, too, for a bigger win, with a record he extols and
expectation that party brands will be different.

Will Republicans this time have a more popular nominee for president to provide
coattails for Indiana statewide candidates?

Or will it be the other way around, with a Democratic presidential nominee
proving more popular than President Obama was last time in Indiana?

Will Republicans avoid having someone on the state ticket like Richard Mourdock,
the perceived goofus for the Senate who dragged down totals for Pence and other
Republicans in 2012?

Democrats hope that the state GOP ticket will again provide an easy target if
Congressman Marlin Stutzman wins the Republican nomination for the Senate. They
note that Stutzman, like Mourdock, is a tea party favorite who attacks moderates
and is backed by the Club for Growth. They would like to see him as a fall
target. But could anybody be another Mourdock? And what of the image to emerge
of the Democratic nominee for the Senate. Could anybody do as well as Donnelly
for the Senate last time?

Gregg won't be able to sneak up, unknown and untouched by any negative TV, as he
did at the start last time.

Many factors are beyond the control of Pence and Gregg -- including control of
all those who voted for them last time.

Jack Colwell is a columnist for The Tribune. Write to him in care of The Tribune
or by email at jcolwell@comcast.net

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            February 11, 2008 Monday

The power of endorsements: How much does a name really mean?

BYLINE: By Hillary Chabot, Eagle Boston Bureau

SECTION: HEADLINES

LENGTH: 697 words


BOSTON -- Did Oprah Winfrey fizzle? Has the court of Camelot crumbled? And did
Gov. Deval L. Patrick's grassroots campaign wilt?

Despite three high-profile endorsements in the Bay State, Illinois Sen. Barack
Obama failed to win Massachusetts in his bid to become the Democratic
presidential nominee. Obama's showing left some local politicos questioning the
power of endorsements.

Reid Cherlin, a spokesman for Obama, said the endorsements helped Obama walk
away with 41 percent of the vote and 38 delegates.

"When we came to Massachusetts, we were down more than 30 points. We didn't
close that gap entirely, but we made great strides and Senator Kerry, Senator
Kennedy and Governor Patrick were instrumental in doing so," Cherlin said.
"These public figures resonated with voters."

Democratic analyst Mary Anne Marsh begged to differ.

"This year, endorsements don't mean what they used to. The endorsements that
matter are the ones that deliver votes, and people who deliver votes tend to be
more local or people with really active political operations who work it day in
and day out," she said.

Case in point: former acting Gov. Jane M. Swift, who appears to have delivered
several Williamstown votes to Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz.

But no matter their influence -- or lack of it -- on the electorate, an
endorsement from a sitting member of Congress, the governor or center party VIPs
can have a tangible benefit at the Democratic nominating convention: Each is a
so-called "super delegate," able to vote for the candidate of his choice,
regardless of the outcome of last week's Super Tuesday primary. There are no
"super delegates" in the Republican party, thereby rendering an endorsement less
weight.

Politicians such as Kerry and Kennedy, who run every six years and often don't
face serious challengers, find their voter base a little rusty, said Suffolk
University pollster David Paleologos.

Kennedy had more sway than Oprah, with 43 percent of Bay Staters polled pointing
to his endorsement as the most influential, according to a poll conducted by
Suffolk University in Massachusetts released last Monday. Bill Clinton was next,
with 23 percent believing his endorsement was most influential, and Oprah came
in dead last with 9 percent.

"My experience is endorsements matter in smaller races. The more you head up the
food chain, the less people pay attention," Paleologos said.

North Adams Mayor John Barrett III seemed to sway residents to back New York
Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton, who swept by more than 30 points in communities
such as North Adams, Adams and Savoy.

"The endorsement only helps if you get an endorsement from an elected official
and you get their people to work for you. If you endorse a candidate and you do
nothing, it's not worth the paper it's written on," Barrett said.

The more local the endorsement, the more weight it carries, Barrett said, which
proved accurate in Pittsfield, where Mayor James M. Ruberto and Rep. Christopher
N. Speranzo, D-Pittsfield, both backed Clinton, who won by nearly 30 points.

But the endorsements swayed voters by only a couple of points, if any,
Paleologos said. He pointed to other factors, such as the fact that 62 percent
of women went with Clinton in Massachusetts.

Clinton also pulled a slim majority of the youth vote, but the support of
residents 60 years old or more in a landslide.

State Sen. Benjamin B. Downing, D-Pittsfield, is not sure whether voters are
following the lead of local politicians or if local politicians are simply
reflecting their constituent base with their endorsements.

Obama managed to nab 13 of the 32 communities in the Berkshires, and another
healthy chunk of Obama's support came from nearby Franklin County.

Romney's recent ties to Massachusetts pushed him over the edge in the state, but
in the Berkshires, McCain won in all but two communities.

Peter Giftos, executive director of the Berkshire County Republican Party, said
the results are indicative of bitter relations with Romney.

"This is Jane Swift territory, and they were all soured on the way Jane was
squeezed out of the gubernatorial race," Giftos said. "Others resented the fact
that Romney spent no time at all in Berkshire County."

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           October 13, 2007 Saturday

Nuke pollsters blanket state living by plants, NEI finds

BYLINE: By BOB AUDETTE, Reformer Staff

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 1133 words


BRATTLEBORO -- People who live near a nuclear power plant who are comfortable
with it being in their backyard outnumber those who are not so enamored of
nuclear energy by a ratio of nearly 15 to one.

But, cautioned one of the people who conducted a survey on behalf of the Nuclear
Energy Institute, that's a nationwide attitude and is not representative of any
single nuclear power plant in the country.

"The general finding is that on average, nuclear power plant neighbors are very
favorable to the their local plant," said Ann Bisconti, of Bisconti Research.
"More favorable than the public at large."

The Nuclear Energy Institute is a public information resource funded by the
nuclear power industry.

From late July through early August, Bisconti Research of Chevy Chase, Md.,
telephoned 1,152 people living within a 10-mile radius of nuclear power plants
such as Vermont Yankee in Vernon.

People in the area have also received phone calls from other pollsters,
including the state's Department of Public Service and Charlton Research. A
spokesman for Vermont Yankee confirmed Entergy, which owns and operates the
power plant, had commissioned the Charlton survey. A call to Charlton Research
was not returned for comment.

"Entergy periodically conducts polling wherever it does business in the course
of its business," said Rob Williams, spokesman for Vermont Yankee, which is
owned and operated by Entergy. "It's a way to get an accurate read on public
opinion."

But Jim Matteau, the executive director of the Windham Regional Council and a
member of an advisory committee that was established to review the questions in
the DPS survey, said Entergy's claim that the timing of the surveys is just
coincidence "is complete bull."

"For (Entergy) to be doing a survey at the same time as the state is not only
trying to shift public opinion in their favor, but also to confuse the whole
thing," he said. "Entergy should be ashamed of the survey it has under way."

The multiple surveys are causing some confusion around the state, said Stephen
Wark, the DPS' director of consumer affairs.

"The timing is unfortunate," he said.

The Charlton survey is designed to sway people's opinions, said one man who
received a call earlier this week.

"Eighty percent were outright lies," said Bill McKim, of Dummerston. The other
20 percent, he said, "were misrepresentations."

"I know this because I've been following all of the application procedures for
Vermont Yankee," he said. Though he is not a member of local anti-nuclear groups
such as the New England Coalition on Nuclear Pollution and Citizen Awareness
Network, McKim has contributed to them in the past.

"It is not a poll," he said, and was not designed to solicit his opinion. "It
was designed to sway my opinion with a barrage of statements supporting the nuke
in the area."

Another man who received a call from Charlton Research had a warning for people
picking up their phones.

"Be on guard that the questions they are asking are very much slanted to be in
Entergy's favor promoting the license renewal," said Jake Stewart, of
Brookfield, and a member of the New England Coalition.

The Department of Public Service's survey is being conducted by that agency with
the help of pollsters from the University of Texas and Stanford University, said
Wark.

"There are a lot of lobbyists and advocates out there," he said. "We wanted to
hear what mainstream Vermonters had to say."

The poll advisory committee included representatives from the utilities, the
state's regulatory assistance project, alternative energy providers, the Vermont
Public Interest Research Group and the Windham Regional Commission.

"We really did our best to get as many people as we could to participate and
help us design the questions so they weren't leading but were as open-ended as
possible," said Wark.

People will know they are getting a call from the DPS because the callers will
identify themselves, he said.

Though Wark has not seen the questions being asked by Charlton Research, "I've
heard they are nothing like we are trying to do," he said. "I can assure you
there are no push poll questions on our surveys."

According to sourcewatch.org, "push polls are designed to shape, rather than
measure, public opinion."

Though the DPS survey questions are not available while the poll is being
conducted, they will be open for public review once the process is done, said
Wark.

For her part, Bisconti said her polling was not designed to sway public opinion,
but to collect information on people's attitudes about nuclear power.

"The questions are very straightforward," said Bisconti, starting out with basic
questions on nuclear energy and progressing to questions on its benefits.

A telephone request to the Nuclear Energy Institute asking for a copy of the
questions was not returned Friday.

Bisconti's phone calls were made to homes within 10 miles of the 64 nuclear
power plant sites in the country.

The strength of the opinion in favor of nuclear power, she said, means those who
live nearby are comfortable with having such a plant in their backyards. Those
not in favor are a tiny minority, she said.

"It's just a huge difference."

The results of the Bisconti poll were not a surprise to Amanda Ibey, the
executive director of Vermont Energy Partnership, which is comprised of more
than 75 member organizations and professionals who support the license renewal
of Vermont Yankee.

"It reiterates the fact that people see the economic and environmental benefits
associated with nuclear power," Ibey said Friday. "The majority of the people we
talk with, the more they learn about nuclear power, especially as it relates to
other sources, they are confident with it and feel it's an important piece of
Vermont's electricity portfolio."

The DPS polling is part of a three-piece effort by the DPS to find out what
average Vermonters are thinking about energy policy.

The project was initiated by the Legislature and Gov. James Douglas "to get a
good idea of what Vermonters want to do when it comes to replacing the energy
contracts of Vermont Yankee and Hydro Quebec," said Wark.

DPS has scheduled workshops around the state to discuss Vermont's Energy Future,
with the closest to Brattleboro being Oct. 29 in the cafeteria of Howard Dean
Education Center at 307 South St. in Springfield. Registration is required at
802-828-2332 or www.raabassociates.org -/WebComponents/vtsignup/welcome.htm

DPS is also designing a Web site on energy that will soon be ready for the
public input.

The telephone survey the department is conducting will poll 600 Vermonters, 200
of whom will be chosen to spend an all-expense paid weekend at the University of
Vermont to take part in seminars and discussions about Vermont's energy future.

Bob Audette can be reached at raudette@reformer.com or 802-254-2311, ext. 273.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 11, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

Clinton Hits the Road to Boost Trade; President Tries to Sway Democrats Toward
Openness

Charles Babington, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 922 words

DATELINE: YORK, Pa., Nov. 10


President Clinton, realizing he can add only a few more planks to his legacy
before leaving the White House, has seized on robust trade as one of a handful
of unfinished priorities to press aggressively in his final year in office.

With a major international trade meeting scheduled in Seattle at the end of the
month, the president has amplified his message in recent days, including at his
stop today at a Harley-Davidson motorcycle assembly plant here that counts on
exports for nearly a quarter of it sales. His audience of unionized workers was
appropriate to his mission, because Clinton says his biggest challenge is not to
convince Republicans of his view, but to sway traditional Democrats, many of
whom associate open trade with the loss of U.S. jobs.

"There is a new Democratic majority, a big one, for almost every other issue on
how to manage the economy, the importance of paying off the debt, what our
education policy ought to be," Clinton said earlier this week in an
electronic-mail "town hall chat." "We don't have, in my judgment, the right
consensus on trade yet, but we're moving in the right direction."

Today, Clinton's backdrop was a motorcycle plant renowned for good
labor-management relations and a work force that's sold on the notion that U.S.
employees gain more than they lose when nations open their borders to trade.

"We can have more success stories like yours," he said. To do so, "we have to
find a way to expand trade. . . . But if we can't convince people like you that
we're right about this trade issue, then we are going to shrink America's future
prospects."

He repeated his trade mantra: The United States has 4 percent of the world's
population, and 22 percent of its income, so "we've got to sell something to the
other 96 percent. . . . But we will never be able to do it unless working people
believe that trade benefits ordinary American families."

Clinton is hammering this message at events such as today's "National Dialogue
on Jobs and Trade," which featured administration officials, labor leaders and
corporate executives in several other locations throughout the nation.

Traditionally, unfettered trade is associated with moderate Republicans, the
political affiliation of many corporation owners and executives. Labor unions, a
historically Democratic constituency, often have been leery of free trade
because it opens the way for sales of foreign products in the United States,
forcing workers here to compete with overseas workers who have lower wages, less
stringent workplace safety standards and weaker environmental protections.

Starting with centrist groups, such as the Democratic Leadership Council,
Clinton in recent months has built an argument that open trade is both good
policy and good politics for Democrats--if workers will only open their eyes to
trade's benefits, as the Harley employees have done. Right now, he argues, the
debate about open trade focuses too narrowly on the potential for imports into
the United States rather than the potential for sales of U.S. products overseas.
At a DLC dinner last month, he called vigorous trade the "one last big hump"
Democrats must cross in order to contend "we have a whole vision for the
future."

Critics, including some labor, consumer and environmental groups, say it's
ironic that Clinton visited the Harley plant today. In the mid-1980s, the
Japanese government subsidized its country's motorcycles so they could be
sold--or "dumped"--in the United States and elsewhere at prices U.S. makers
couldn't match. The Reagan administration won a ruling from the U.S.
International Trade Commission that allowed it to slap a 45 percent tariff on
Japanese motorcycles for a few years, enabling Harley-Davidson to recapture its
market and stay in business.

Clinton said today that Harley deserved the protection at the time. But critics
say such actions won't be possible if the president and others prevail in
pressing for lower trade barriers through the WTO.

"Harley-Davidson wouldn't be around if the Clinton trade policies had been in
effect" in the 1980s, said Scott Nova, director of Citizens Trade Campaign. "The
administration boasts about increased exports," he said, "but never mentions the
far greater growth in job-destroying imports."

Lori Wallach, director of Public Citizen's Global Trade Watch, agreed. Under
Clinton, she said, "we have the largest trade deficit in history. Our top
categories of job growth are cashiers, retail clerks and waiters and
waitresses." Many Americans are "no longer willing to take that version of
globalization."

Clinton said he welcomes a vigorous debate in Seattle. "I'm glad the
demonstrators are coming," he said. "I want us to try to find a way to build a
consensus where we can expand trade and respect the rights of labor and the
environment."

Commerce Secretary William Daley, who accompanied Clinton to York, said in an
interview that Clinton is determined to press the trade issue even though he
realizes he probably can't get Congress to reverse its 1997 decision denying him
"fast-track" authority to negotiate trade agreements with less congressional
interference.

"He is frustrated obviously at the setback of not getting fast track," Daley
said. "But he's not going to walk away from it."

President Clinton points to a "Fat Boy" Harley-Davidson while touring the
company's York, Pa. plant with, from left, Willie G. Davidson, grandson of the
founder, General Manager Bill Dannehl and CEO Jeffrey Bleustein.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              710 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 18, 1989, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Players agent Steinberg says, 'The whole house began to sway'

BYLINE: Chet Czarniak

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 161 words



''It was like being in a swaying mound of jello,'' Berkeley, Calif., resident
Leigh Steinberg said of Tuesday's earthquake.

Steinberg, a lawyer and agent who represents several prominent NFL players, was
in his Berkeley home - it's near the University of California at Berkeley and
has a view of San Francisco - when the quake struck.

''I was riding my exercycle, getting the last few licks in before I headed to
the Series game - I planned to get there after the first inning or so - and the
bike tilted farther and farther until it fell backward. ... The whole house
began to sway and move from right to left. The TV set and clocks and other
objects came off the wall. Any sense of rootedness in the ground was gone,''
said Steinberg, who was not injured.

Steinberg said he is used to earthquakes - ''Normally (after a quake) you smile
and go back to sleep. ... It sounds bizarre to you (in the East), but we grow up
with these things'' - and after it hit he still planned to go to the game.

''We were still going to go to the game; you're so inured to it,'' said
Steinberg, whose clients include Houston Oilers quarterback Warren Moon and San
Francisco 49ers quarterback Steve Young.  ''As we were about to leave the house
we saw fires - there's a major fire here in Berkeley - water running down the
street, mains are broken. You can hear sirens, fire trucks going up the street.

''It's very surrealistic. I'm looking out toward San Francisco and the Golden
Gate Bridge and you can see there is no traffic where at this time of day it
would be bumper to bumper,'' Steinberg said 90 minutes after the quake.

There was no significant damage to his house. ''You have to inspect it ...  I
see a couple of lines.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, H. Darr Beiser (Will Clark, Scott Clark)

CUTLINE: HEADING OUT: San Francisco Giants first baseman Will Clark leaves the
field with his brother, Scott, and others after the postponement of Game 3 of
the World Series.

Ribbon Label; '89 WORLD SERIES; TRAGEDY STRIKES BAY AREA; 2 FIRST CHASE; 6 FINAL

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              711 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            November 6, 2005 Sunday

BC-CA-California Afternoon Digest, 1,040

BYLINE: Political Writer Mike Blood.

LENGTH: 1032 words


California AP News Digest Eds: Monday AMs

The supervisor in Los Angeles is Tim Molloy, followed by Jeremiah Marquez, and
can be reached at [213] 626-1200. The supervisor in San Francisco is Brian
Skoloff, followed by Louise Chu, and can be reached at [415] 495-1708. Dan
Becker, Los Angeles Photos, can be reached at [213-626-2500. For technical
assistance, call [213] 626-5833 for Los Angeles or [415] 495-1124 for San
Francisco. All times are Pacific.

To contact the national service desk, call 800-838-4616. Reruns of stories also
are available from ">http://yourap.org.

HEADLINES:

Schwarzenegger tries to sway voters at Town Hall

Prince Charles, Camilla attend church on second day of visit to California

Livermore voters offered chance to become solar leader

Google offers software for mobile mapping service

Yahoo, TiVo team up to blend TV, Web services

"Chicken Little' rules roost with $40.1 million weekend

SPECIAL ELECTION:

Schwarzenegger tries to sway voters at Town Hall

LOS ANGELES Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger appears at a Town Hall in one of his
final pitches for initiatives he says are crucial to reshape state government.

BC-CA-Special Election. 1,200 words.

Political Writer Mike Blood.

ROYAL VISIT:

Prince Charles, Camilla attend church on second day of visit to California

SAN FRANCISCO Prince Charles and his wife, Camilla, attended Sunday services in
a tiny rural church near San Francisco before an evening of theater in the city
as they continued the eclectic Californian half of their U.S. tour. The prince
and the Duchess of Cornwall were watched by several perching turkey vultures and
a large pack of journalists as they arrived at St. Columba's Episcopal church in
Inverness, about 40 miles north of San Francisco. "You're still here," Charles
said wryly to the reporters, photographers and camera crews following the
couple's first overseas tour since they married in April.

BC-Royal Visit. 552 words.

Jill Lawless.

AP Photos XAG102, KSD103,104.

Prince, duchess set to attend musical revue

SAN FRANCISCO The producer of "Beach Blanket Babylon," San Francisco's
long-running musical revue, says she steeped herself in all-things-British to
revamp the show for Sunday's special guests, Prince Charles and Camilla. Would
the prince and his duchess become targets of the show known for its good-natured
ribbing of pop culture icons? Absolutely not, says Jo Schuman Silver, who's been
reading "all the British magazines" in the weeks leading up to the royal visit.

BC-CA-Royal Visit-Beach Blanket Babylon. 500 words.

Eds: Will be led after 7 p.m. PST show.

Kim Curtis.

AP Photos.

AROUND THE STATE:

Livermore voters offered chance to become solar leader

LIVERMORE, Calif. Here in the sunny suburbs east of San Francisco, voters are
being offered a chance to make their city a national leader in solar power at a
time of growing anxiety over soaring energy prices and global warming. A measure
on Livermore's Nov. 8 ballot would allow housing developer Pardee Homes to build
what it claims will be the country's largest completely solar community, with
2,450 new homes equipped to harvest the sun's energy. But there's a catch:
Livermore voters must agree to allow construction on hundreds of acres of
protected open space and absorb more than two square miles of picturesque
grassland within city limits.

BC-CA-Solar Suburb. 750 words.

Eds: Also moved in advance on news and financial circuits.

Terence Chea.

AP Photos CABM101, Carlene Matchniff, Pardee Homes vice president, looks at an
artists' rendering of a proposed sports park; CABM102, a windmill is seen on
farmland in unincorporated Alameda County; CABM104, David Reid, member of
Greenbelt Alliance, gestures as he speaks near farmland in unincorporated
Alameda County.

BUSINESS AND TECHNOLOGY:

Google offers software for mobile mapping service

MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. Google Inc. on Monday is introducing software designed to
make its local search and mapping service easier to navigate on mobile phones,
continuing the Internet search engine leader's effort to extend its reach beyond
personal computers.

BC-CA-Google Mobile-Maps. 325 words.

Yahoo, TiVo team up to blend TV, Web services

SAN JOSE, Calif. Yahoo Inc. and TiVo Inc. are teaming up to blend some of their
services, a move that further fades the lines between offices and living rooms,
TVs and PCs. Under a partnership to be announced Monday, the two will
collaborate to offer Yahoo's Internet-based content and services through TiVo's
digital video recording devices.

BC-CA-Yahoo-TiVo-Partnership, HFR. About 530 words.

Technology Writer May Wong.

Eds: Hold for release until 9:01 p.m. Sunday PST.

Advertisements to invade online games

SAN JOSE, Calif. Here you are, one of the millions of Americans who like to play
casual games on the Internet, ready to log on for some fun. So you go to a
gaming Web site and try to ignore the ads on the page. Then you wait as the game
loads and a 10-second advertisement covers your computer screen. Ah, the start
button. Now you can play, but don't expect the virtual escape to guarantee
relief from marketers' attempts to get in front of your eyes. On Monday, online
game provider Shockwave.com will begin offering advertisers a way to insert ads
within the games themselves.

BC-CA-Online Gaming Ads, HFR. 694 words.

Technology Writer May Wong.

Eds: Hold for release until 9:01 p.m. Sunday PST.

AP Photos FX101.

ENTERTAINMENT:

"Chicken Little' rules roost with $40.1 million weekend

LOS ANGELES The sky is still falling in Hollywood, even though Chicken Little
and the Marines have landed. The box office tumbled again despite solid weekends
for the animated "Chicken Little," which debuted with $40.1 million, and the
Desert Storm drama "Jarhead," which opened with $28.8 million, according to
studio estimates Sunday. The films paced Hollywood to a healthy weekend, with
the top 12 movies grossing $121.2 million. Yet that was down 10 percent from the
same weekend in 2004, when "The Incredibles" premiered with $70.5 million.

BC-CA-Box Office. 700 words.

AP Movie Writer David Germain.

AP-WS-11-06-05 1617EST

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              712 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              April 3, 2016 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

READERS WRITE

BYLINE: for the AJC, Staff

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 21A

LENGTH: 616 words


I agree with R.P. Wildes ( "Corporations offend when they cross line," Opinion,
March 30) that corporations should not control government, but I also agree with
the Constitution that neither should religious groups. I also agree with
Governor Deal that Georgians need jobs, and it is his responsibility to protect
our economy. I was raised as a Baptist, as I assume Wildes was also, but I take
seriously the Good Samaritan story as well as the admonition to love our
enemies. Love is more than an emotion, it must also be an act of will -- the
will to treat people fairly and considerately regardless of how we feel about
them personally. MARGARET CURTIS, ATLANTA

States don't have right to infringe on liberty

Clifford Humphrey's column ( "HB 757 elicits call for return to federalism,"
Opinion, March 30) calling for a return to federalism indicated that the states
should decide whether gay marriage is permissible. This is wrong on many levels.
Applying that doctrine in the past meant that states could opt for slavery and
segregation. The federal government came down squarely on the side of basic
individual rights in those instances, guaranteeing individual liberty and
freedom. There is no more basic right than the right of an adult to marry the
person of one's choosing. The government has no place in that decision, nor does
the Baptist Church or any other religious group. No state should be able to
abrogate that right. The Supreme Court ruled that gay marriage is legal across
the country and that is the law. Nothing in that decision compels a preacher to
marry any couple, attend a gay wedding, or otherwise participate. RFRA is a
solution chasing a problem. Allowing discrimination based on religion opens the
door to a plethora of potential abuses not limited to the gay marriage issue.
The Founding Fathers had it right -- government shall make no law regarding an
establishment of religion.

BUFORD

Hollywood holds more sway than Georgians

Front-page coverage babying criminals and blaming our police officers of gestapo
tactics has faded for the time being. Instead, we are bombarded with the media
applauding our governor. While Gov. Deal could have favored the majority of our
citizens, he chose to bend to the money-changers. Without a doubt, if HB 757 had
been a ballot item, it would have been approved. It appears the movie moguls
hold more sway over our top state executive than does the will of Georgia's
legislators that are elected by Georgia voters who for the most part are not
like the liberal, confused, Hollywood-type phonies that are allowed to dominate
headlines.

JACK FRANKLIN, CONYERS

Let's retire the r-word for good

For as long as I can remember people have been using the "r-word" as an insult
and put down. I have heard people use it to insult one another, or to complain
about something, but what does the word really mean? The term mental retardation
was first used in the early 1900s to describe individuals with developmental
delays or below average IQ scores. The diagnostic terminology was changed to
intellectual disability in the early 2000s but the derogatory usage of the
r-word has remained in our society. I am guilty of using the word myself, but
that was before I realized that there are hundreds of individuals living right
here in Northwest Georgia that have a diagnosis of intellectual disability. They
are kind, generous, strong and loving people, and the r-word hurts them more
than anyone else. I know it is not typically thought of in this way but using
the r-word is hate speech, just the same as a racial slur. In a time in society
when we are concerned about bullying and violence, we need to put an end to the
spread of this word.

CHATSWORTH

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2016 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              713 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            October 4, 2012 Thursday

Yorkers: Romney came out on top in debate

BYLINE: CANDY WOODALL / The York Dispatch 505-5437 / @ydbiz

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 507 words


Local residents say Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney had a strong performance
compared to President Barack Obama in Wednesday night's first presidential
debate, but it won't change their vote.

"I thought it was a good debate, but I thought the president would have done a
little better," said Lena Hilbert, a Dover resident who works at Henry's Ham in
Central Market in York City.

Hilbert and others tuned in to the 90-minute debate, moderated by PBS host Jim
Lehrer at the University of Denver, to hear the presidential candidates offer a
clear choice between two different plans for the country.

"I'm most concerned about the health issue," Hilbert said.

Even though she thought Romney had a stronger debate performance, it won't sway
Hilbert's vote because she favors the Affordable Care Act.

Romney said Wednesday night he would repeal the act, also known as Obamacare.

"I thought Mitt Romney came off very well in the debates," said Carl Sibler, a
retiree from Spring Garden Township. "He had more answers than the president. He
said he will create jobs and we need them."

Sibler said one of Romney's strongest moments came when he said he would lower
taxes on middle income Americans and lower tax rates for small businesses.

But Obama said the majority of Romney's tax plan would actually burden the
middle class and grow the national deficit. Romney's plan would force drastic
cuts in education, research and other areas that are helping the country grow,
Obama said.

The latter resonated with Samantha Abate, a York City resident.

"I felt like the president was telling the truth when he said (Romney's) plan
for the economy would only work if we cut things like education and health care
- the things people need most," she said.

Abate agreed with other Yorkers that the president didn't have a strong
performance, but it didn't affect who she will choose at the polls.

"It wasn't a great debate overall, but Obama still has my vote because we're
passionate about the same issues," she said.

Mark Kelly, an East Manchester Township resident, said Wednesday's debates also
didn't sway his opinion.

"I was a Romney supporter before last night and still am today," he said
Thursday morning. "His business background served him well last night, and I
agree that we need to lower taxes. Obama's a nice guy, but he hasn't been good
for the economy."

Jane Eckenrode, a West York resident, said she's also most concerned about jobs.

She also thought Romney won the debate, but Obama still has her vote, Eckenrode
said.

Though the president "wasn't totally focused" Wednesday evening, Eckenrode still
likes his views, she said.

"I'm sure he'll be better in the next debate," Eckenrode said.

Vice President Joe Biden and Republican U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan will debate at 9
p.m. Thursday, Oct. 11, at Centre College in Kentucky.

The presidential candidates will meet again at 9 p.m. Oct. 16 at Hofstra
University in New York, and their final debate will be held at 9 p.m. Oct. 22 at
Lynn University in Florida.

- Candy Woodall can also be reached at cwoodall@yorkdispatch.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             January 4, 2008 Friday

In concert

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT TAB; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 316  words


8X10 CLUB

10 E. Cross St., Baltimore

410-625-2000

Tuesday: BucksBronze Radio Return, Sissy Jupe, Johnny Duke and the Aces, Armed
Elephant, Infraction, 7 p.m.

Thursday: Karter Jaymes, Evie, Unstoppable Knucklehidz, Red Ink, 8 p.m.

Jan. 11: The Weekapaug Orchestra, Black Eyed Susan, 8 p.m.

Jan. 12: The School of Rock's tribute to The Cowbell, 6:30 p.m.; Splintered
Sunlight, 10:30 p.m.

Jan. 13: The School of Rock's tribute to The Cowbell, 3 p.m.

9:30 CLUB

815 V Street NW, Washington, D.C.

202-3-930-930

Tomorrow: Tittsworth, Codebreaker, Will Eastman, Metropolitan

Thursday: Killswitch Engage, Dillinger Escape Plan, Every Time I Die, Parkway
Drive

Jan. 11: The Silver Beats

Jan. 12: 9353, Ottley!, The Howling Mad, Rambling Shadows, Rustbuckit, The New
Standard

Jan. 15: Editors, Hot Hot Heat, Louis XIV

Jan. 16: Blonde Readhead, School of Seven Bells

RAMS HEAD LIVE!

Market Place & Water Street, Baltimore

410-244-1131

Today: Badfish, SOJA, Pasadena, Shoreline, 7 p.m.

Tomorrow: Frontiers, 7 p.m.

Wednesday: Wu-Tang Clan, 7 p.m.

Jan. 11: Seventh Seal, Late for August, Cloning Kiah, Dead Men Sway, 7 p.m.

Jan. 12: Paperback Tragedy, Goodbye Skyline, 7 p.m.

Jan. 17: Wyclef Jean, 8 p.m.

Jan. 18: The Mars Volta, 8 p.m.

Jan. 20: STYX, 6 p.m.

RAMS HEAD ON STAGE

33 West St., Annapolis

410-268-4545

Today: Reverend Billy C. Wirtz, 7:30 p.m.

Tomorrow: Capitol Steps, 7 and 9:30 p.m.

Tuesday: Enter the Haggis, 8 p.m.

Thursday: Bill Evans' Soulgrass, 8 p.m.

Jan. 11: John Eddie Band, 7 p.m.

Jan. 12: Melissa Manchester, 7 p.m.

Jan. 13: Richie Havens, 3 p.m. (all ages) and 7 p.m. (age 21+)

Jan. 14: Big Bad Voodoo Daddy, 8 p.m., 7 p.m.

Jan. 16: Uncle Earl, 8 p.m.

THE OTTOBAR

2549 N. Howard St., Baltimore

410-662-0069

Today: Heroin U.K., Dead Men Sway, Atomic Motel, Durden, Stillhouse, 9 p.m.

Jan. 11: The Eggbabies, 10 p.m.

Jan. 12: Pulling Teeth, Gehenna, Starweather, Deathcycle, 8:30 p.m.

Jan. 15: Armor For Sleep, Four Years of Strong, 7 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2008 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            March 4, 2009 Wednesday

TOP 25 ROUNDUP

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 722 words


Spartans struggle early, then wear down Hoosiers

BLOOMINGTON, Ind. - Kalin Lucas scored 15 points and Raymar Morgan had 14,
including a crucial dunk with 27.5 seconds left, to lead No. 8 Michigan State
past Indiana 64-59 Tuesday.

The Spartans (24-5, 14-3) eventually wore down the short-handed Hoosiers with
depth, speed and muscle but struggled to put away their first outright Big Ten
title since 1999.

Indiana (6-23, 1-16) was led by Verdell Jones with 15 points, while Nick
Williams and Malik Story each had 11. But it wasn't enough to avoid losing an
eighth straight game or match two more dubious marks in the record marks.

Indiana's five home wins was its fewest in a single season since 1969-70, and
the Hoosiers tied the school record for worst home winning percentage in a
season (.333), matching the mark set in 1943-44 when Indiana was 3-6.

Even after all that, and losing their top scorer, Devan Dumes, less than four
minutes into the game, the Hoosiers found a way to hang around till the final
seconds. Dumes left with what appeared to be a right knee injury and did not
return. The school did not provide an immediate injury update.

But the Spartans (24-5, 14-3) found a way to hang on.

#7 DUKE 84, #24 FLORIDA STATE 81 - At Durham, N.C., Gerald Henderson scored nine
of his 21 points in the final 2 minutes to help Duke beat Florida State.

Kyle Singler scored 20 points, Jon Scheyer added 17 and Henderson had 10
rebounds for the Blue Devils (25-5, 11-4 Atlantic Coast Conference).

They won their fifth straight, matched the NCAA record for most wins in a decade
with 286 and moved a half-game behind No. 2 North Carolina in the league
standings.

Toney Douglas scored 27 points for the Seminoles (22-8, 9-6), and his 3-pointer
from the right wing gave Florida State a 76-74 lead with 2:25 remaining.

That's when Henderson took over.

#10 WAKE FOREST 65, MARYLAND 63 - At College Park, Md., Al-Farouq Aminu had 16
points and a career-high 14 rebounds, Jeff Teague scored 17 as Wake Forest beat
Maryland.

The Demon Deacons, who took control with a 6-0 run in the final minute, held
sway in every meaningful big-man stat. Rebounds: 50-32. Blocks: 10-3.
Second-chance points: 20-6. They led by only one with 1 minute to play, but
James Johnson had a tip-in at one end and a block at the other to sway the
momentum for good.

Teague then went 4-for-4 from the free-throw line in the final 35 seconds to
give Wake a seven-point lead. Maryland made two jumpers in the final 10 seconds
to account for the final margin.

#14 GONZAGA 90, SOUTH CAROLINA-UPSTATE 40 - At Spokane, Wash., Matt Bouldin
scored 16 points and Gonzaga pounded South Carolina-Upstate in a non-conference
game that was the regular season finale for both teams.

Andrew Sorenson added 15 points for Gonzaga (24-5), which is 16-1 since New
Year's Day, losing only to No. 5 Memphis. The Zags won all 14 of their West
Coast Conference games and are the top seed heading into this weekend's WCC
tournament in Las Vegas as they seek an 11th consecutive trip to the NCAA
tournament.

Bobby Davis scored 20 points and had 10 rebounds to lead overmatched South
Carolina-Upstate (9-21), which is in its second year of Division I basketball.

#18 CLEMSON 75, VIRGINIA 57 - At Clemson, S.C., Terrence Oglesby scored 18
points and No. 18 Clemson used its inside power to snap a two-game skid with a
victory over Virginia.

The Tigers (23-6) improved to 9-6 in the Atlantic Coast Conference, guaranteeing
back-to-back winning seasons in the league for just the second time in school
history.

Clemson also held Virginia's star freshman, Sylven Landesberg, to three foul
shots. Landesberg came in averaging 17.4 points, but missed all six shots he
took.

Calvin Baker had 18 points to lead the Cavaliers (9-17, 3-12), who've lost four
in a row.

#25 SYRACUSE 70, RUTGERS 40 - At Syracuse, N.Y., Andy Rautins hit three
3-pointers in a 3-minute span to help break open a one-point game midway through
the second half as Syracuse beat Rutgers.

It was the fourth victory in five games for Syracuse (22-8, 10-7 Big East),
which moved into a tie for sixth in the conference with Providence and clinched
a first-round bye in the Big East tournament. The Scarlet Knights (10-20, 1-16),
whose only victory in the conference this season came against last-place DePaul,
lost its eighth straight.

The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          November 24, 2010 Wednesday

Connemara never leaves your heart ; Connemara never leaves your heart

BYLINE: Nigel Wareing

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1008 words


It was 30 years ago, when I first wrote about the wild west of

Connemara, a vast and lonely expanse of

bogland, lakes and mountains, which run away into the white fringed Atlantic,
where

aquamarine waves rise apple green and dash up the white strands in a frothy
fillagree, scattering sanderlings and

oystercatchers.

I'm talking 50 miles beyond Galway long before the rise and fall of the Celtic
Tiger, when run-down cottages could be snapped up for  £5,000 or less, and as we
passed the

ancient bridge seen in the film The Quiet Man' for the first time, I just knew
it was special place.

At the time I wrote the

following, which is also on my dad's headstone: Even in

winter, fuchsia hedges bloom in mild Connemara, and donkeys hold sway on roads
that last saw real snow in 1963.

Has it changed? Not on your life; okay, there's a few more houses, and the roads
a little busier, but the vital attractions remain intact, including Roy
Griffin's, O'Dowd's Bar, at Roundstone, for the finest Guinness, seafood chowder
and view known to man. When it's in your heart, Connemara is for ever, not just
for Christmas.

However, there is one thing I expected to be long gone when I returned last week
with my wife Nicole and daughter Niamh (10), and you could not make this up.

As we drove away from Dog's Bay, probably the most beautiful beach in the world,
as if by magic, a fine looking donkey ran down the middle of the road just after
I had repeated the words above. Spooky does not do it justice, I thought of my
dad, my twin sons, and indeed all the friends who have made the pilgrimage with
me over three decades.

The Connemara National Park, established in 1980, is quite literally, packed
with wildlife. In a recent competition to record as many species as possible in
one day, the park team, recorded 542 different plants and animals. By any
standard, the tally is amazing and included everything from the rarest of rare
bog plants, to the speedy peregrine, and from the humble dulse (seaweed) to the
mighty raven.

If you have not been, then you have to go. These days you can fly Aer Arran
direct from Manchester to Galway,  £100, one hour. Hire a car from 40 Euro a day
and be in O'Dowd's before you can say Michael O'Leary.

Laughing Badger seaweed and vegetable soup:

This is a regular on the

Laughing Badger menu and is very simple. The seaweed can be picked yourself when
on

holiday and dried, or check out www.seaveg.co.uk

I use carragheen and any veg to hand, white pepper and a

decent stock cube if you have none of your own.

You will need:

A handful of dried Carragheen.

Two or three large onions.

Carrots, cauliflower, peppers, potato, cabbage and so on. All chopped.

Method:

Chop and fry the onions in olive oil until just turning brown

Add 2 pints of water and

everything else, bring to the boil and simmer for an hour.

The Carragheen adds a taste of the sea and emulsifies the soup, perfect for a
winter's day, and you can either blend or eat as it comes with parmesan on top
and crusty bread.

Sean Wood

sean.wood@talk21.com   It was 30 years ago, when I first wrote about the wild
west of Connemara, a vast and lonely expanse of bogland, lakes and mountains,
which run away into the white fringed Atlantic, where aquamarine waves rise
apple green and dash up the white strands in a frothy fillagree, scattering
sanderlings and oystercatchers. I'm talking 50 miles beyond Galway long before
the rise and fall of the Celtic Tiger, when run-down cottages could be snapped
up for  £5,000 or less, and as we passed the ancient bridge seen in the film The
Quiet Man' for the first time, I just knew it was special place. At the time I
wrote the following, which is also on my dad's headstone: Even in winter,
fuchsia hedges bloom in mild Connemara, and donkeys hold sway on roads that last
saw real snow in 1963. Has it changed? Not on your life; okay, there's a few
more houses, and the roads a little busier, but the vital attractions remain
intact, including Roy Griffin's, O'Dowd's Bar, at Roundstone, for the finest
Guinness, seafood chowder and view known to man. When it's in your heart,
Connemara is for ever, not just for Christmas. However, there is one thing I
expected to be long gone when I returned last week with my wife Nicole and
daughter Niamh (10), and you could not make this up. As we drove away from Dog's
Bay, probably the most beautiful beach in the world, as if by magic, a fine
looking donkey ran down the middle of the road just after I had repeated the
words above. Spooky does not do it justice, I thought of my dad, my twin sons,
and indeed all the friends who have made the pilgrimage with me over three
decades. The Connemara National Park, established in 1980, is quite literally,
packed with wildlife. In a recent competition to record as many species as
possible in one day, the park team, recorded 542 different plants and animals.
By any standard, the tally is amazing and included everything from the rarest of
rare bog plants, to the speedy peregrine, and from the humble dulse (seaweed) to
the mighty raven. If you have not been, then you have to go. These days you can
fly Aer Arran direct from Manchester to Galway,  £100, one hour. Hire a car from
40 Euro a day and be in O'Dowd's before you can say Michael O'Leary. Laughing
Badger seaweed and vegetable soup: This is a regular on the Laughing Badger menu
and is very simple. The seaweed can be picked yourself when on holiday and
dried, or check out www.seaveg.co.uk I use carragheen and any veg to hand, white
pepper and a decent stock cube if you have none of your own. You will need: A
handful of dried Carragheen. Two or three large onions. Carrots, cauliflower,
peppers, potato, cabbage and so on. All chopped. Method: Chop and fry the onions
in olive oil until just turning brown Add 2 pints of water and everything else,
bring to the boil and simmer for an hour. The Carragheen adds a taste of the sea
and emulsifies the soup, perfect for a winter's day, and you can either blend or
eat as it comes with parmesan on top and crusty bread. Sean Wood
sean.wood@talk21.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HEAVEN ON EARTH: Connemara, where fuchsia hedges blossom in winter, and
donkeys hold sway on roads that last saw real now in 1963
HEAVEN ON EARTH: Connemara, where fuchsia hedges blossom in winter, and donkeys
hold sway on roads that last saw real now in 1963

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            March 4, 2009 Wednesday

TOP 25 ROUNDUP

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 723 words


Spartans subdue Hoosiers, win Big Ten title outright

BLOOMINGTON, Ind. - Kalin Lucas scored 15 points and Raymar Morgan had 14,
including a crucial dunk with 27.5 seconds left, to lead No. 8 Michigan State
past Indiana 64-59 Tuesday.

The Spartans (24-5, 14-3) eventually wore down the short-handed Hoosiers with
depth, speed and muscle but struggled to put away their first outright Big Ten
title since 1999.

Indiana (6-23, 1-16) was led by Verdell Jones with 15 points, while Nick
Williams and Malik Story each had 11. But it wasn't enough to avoid losing an
eighth straight game or match two more dubious marks in the record marks.

Indiana's five home wins was its fewest in a single season since 1969-70, and
the Hoosiers tied the school record for worst home winning percentage in a
season (.333), matching the mark set in 1943-44 when Indiana was 3-6.

Even after all that, and losing their top scorer, Devan Dumes, less than four
minutes into the game, the Hoosiers found a way to hang around till the final
seconds. Dumes left with what appeared to be a right knee injury and did not
return. The school did not provide an immediate injury update.

But the Spartans (24-5, 14-3) found a way to hang on.

#7 DUKE 84, #24 FLORIDA STATE 81 - At Durham, N.C., Gerald Henderson scored nine
of his 21 points in the final 2 minutes to help Duke beat Florida State.

Kyle Singler scored 20 points, Jon Scheyer added 17 and Henderson had 10
rebounds for the Blue Devils (25-5, 11-4 Atlantic Coast Conference).

They won their fifth straight, matched the NCAA record for most wins in a decade
with 286 and moved a half-game behind No. 2 North Carolina in the league
standings.

Toney Douglas scored 27 points for the Seminoles (22-8, 9-6), and his 3-pointer
from the right wing gave Florida State a 76-74 lead with 2:25 remaining.

That's when Henderson took over.

#10 WAKE FOREST 65, MARYLAND 63 - At College Park, Md., Al-Farouq Aminu had 16
points and a career-high 14 rebounds, Jeff Teague scored 17 as Wake Forest beat
Maryland.

The Demon Deacons, who took control with a 6-0 run in the final minute, held
sway in every meaningful big-man stat. Rebounds: 50-32. Blocks: 10-3.
Second-chance points: 20-6. They led by only one with 1 minute to play, but
James Johnson had a tip-in at one end and a block at the other to sway the
momentum for good.

Teague then went 4-for-4 from the free-throw line in the final 35 seconds to
give Wake a seven-point lead. Maryland made two jumpers in the final 10 seconds
to account for the final margin.

#14 GONZAGA 90, SOUTH CAROLINA-UPSTATE 40 - At Spokane, Wash., Matt Bouldin
scored 16 points and Gonzaga pounded South Carolina-Upstate in a non-conference
game that was the regular season finale for both teams.

Andrew Sorenson added 15 points for Gonzaga (24-5), which is 16-1 since New
Year's Day, losing only to No. 5 Memphis. The Zags won all 14 of their West
Coast Conference games and are the top seed heading into this weekend's WCC
tournament in Las Vegas as they seek an 11th consecutive trip to the NCAA
tournament.

Bobby Davis scored 20 points and had 10 rebounds to lead overmatched South
Carolina-Upstate (9-21), which is in its second year of Division I basketball.

#18 CLEMSON 75, VIRGINIA 57 - At Clemson, S.C., Terrence Oglesby scored 18
points and No. 18 Clemson used its inside power to snap a two-game skid with a
victory over Virginia.

The Tigers (23-6) improved to 9-6 in the Atlantic Coast Conference, guaranteeing
back-to-back winning seasons in the league for just the second time in school
history.

Clemson also held Virginia's star freshman, Sylven Landesberg, to three foul
shots. Landesberg came in averaging 17.4 points, but missed all six shots he
took.

Calvin Baker had 18 points to lead the Cavaliers (9-17, 3-12), who've lost four
in a row.

#25 SYRACUSE 70, RUTGERS 40 - At Syracuse, N.Y., Andy Rautins hit three
3-pointers in a 3-minute span to help break open a one-point game midway through
the second half as Syracuse beat Rutgers.

It was the fourth victory in five games for Syracuse (22-8, 10-7 Big East),
which moved into a tie for sixth in the conference with Providence and clinched
a first-round bye in the Big East tournament. The Scarlet Knights (10-20, 1-16),
whose only victory in the conference this season came against last-place DePaul,
lost its eighth straight.

The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 4, 1987, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

SAMMY KAYE, 77, BANDLEADER FOR 50 YEARS, DIES OF CANCER

BYLINE: By STEPHEN HOLDEN

SECTION: Section D; Page 26, Column 1; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 786 words


Sammy Kaye, the leader of one of the most popular ''sweet bands'' of the swing
era, died of cancer on Tuesday at the Valley Hospital in Ridgewood, N.J. He was
77 years old. A bandleader for some 50 years, Mr. Kaye had more than 100 hit
records, and his slogan, ''Swing and Sway With Sammy Kaye,'' became known
throughout the country after he introduced it in the mid-1930's. The signature
of the band's biggest hits, such as ''The Old Lamp-Lighter'' and ''Harbor
Lights,'' was a soothing reedy ensemble sound, stylistically descended from Guy
Lombardo, that had more sway than swing.

During World War II, millions of people danced cheek to cheek to such hits as
''(There'll Be Bluebirds Over) The White Cliffs of Dover,'' ''My Buddy,''
''There Goes That Song Again'' and ''Harbor Lights,'' which Mr. Kaye and his
band performed live on his long-running NBC network show, ''Sunday Serenade,''
and also recorded for Victor Records. On Dec. 7, 1941, Mr. Kaye was conducting
on the program when the announcer Ben Grauer broke in to announce that the
Japanese had bombed Pearl Harbor. After the program, Mr. Kaye went home and
wrote the song ''Remember Pearl Harbor,'' which became an immediate hit.

Singers Were the Soloists

The sandy-haired blue-eyed maestro played the clarinet and the alto saxophone,
but since he was not an instrumental virtuoso such as Benny Goodman or Artie
Shaw, he did not feature himself on the instruments. The soloists were almost
invariably vocalists. Among the best-known of the many singers to work with the
band were Charlie Wilson, Tommy Ryan, Jimmy Brown, Clyde Burke, Arthur Wright,
Allan Foster, Don Cornell, Billy Williams, Nancy Norman and Tony Alamo. At one
point in 1941, the band featured six singers. Its most famous vocal alumnus was
Mr. Cornell, who sang such hits as ''Careless Hands,'' ''Room Full of Roses''
and ''It Isn't Fair.'' Hal Linden, who later became well known as a stage and
television actor, also played saxophone in the band briefly during the 1950's.

Sammy Kaye's band was well-known for stage gimmicks and routines in which the
band members interacted with the audience. In his most famous routine, ''So You
Want to Lead a Band,'' members of the audience were invited to conduct and
compete for Sammy Kaye batons and champagne.

He Started in Engineering

The conductor was born in the Cleveland suburb of Lakewood and attended Ohio
University on a track scholarship. Though his goal was a degree in civil
engineering, he soon became involved in extracurricular musical activities, and
after graduation he opened a campus place called the Varsity Inn. Of
Czechoslovak descent, he took elocution lessons and prided himself on his smooth
all-American accent. Years later, when Lawrence Welk became popular, Mr. Kaye
good-humoredly chastised himself for having worked so hard to disguise his
foreign ancestry. The band won attention in 1935 when it broadcast coast to
coast on the NBC network from the Cleveland Country Club. By the time it made
its New York debut in 1938 at the Commodore Hotel, it was already nationally
known.

''Kaye always kept his ear attuned to the times and to the dancers,'' wrote
George T. Simon, a swing historian was a writer-producer for Mr. Kaye's
television series in the late 50's. ''He was adept at setting ideal tempos for
dancing, at mixing his selections to get the most out of his sets, at pacing
each set so that there would never be a lull between numbers, at fronting his
band with grace and charm and at supplying satisfying sounds for those unable to
appreciate and/or comprehend what the more musical bands were playing.'' #16
Years of Hits The Sammy Kaye Orchestra's first major hit, in 1937, was a version
of the title song from the movie ''Rosalie.'' A steady stream of hit records
continued for the next 16 years, including ''Love Walked In,'' ''All Ashore,''
''Hurry Home,'' ''Penny Serenade,'' ''Dream Valley,'' ''Daddy,'' ''Remember
Pearl Harbor,'' ''I Left My Heart at the Stage Door Canteen,'' ''Chickery
Chick,'' ''I'm a Big Girl Now,'' ''The Gypsy,'' ''That's My Desire,'' ''Serenade
of the Bells,'' ''Careless Hands,'' ''Room Full of Roses,'' ''The Four Winds and
the Seven Seas,'' ''It Isn't Fair,'' ''Harbor Lights'' and ''Walkin' to
Missouri.''

Mr. Kaye was a friend of President Nixon and performed at the inaugurations of
both Presidents Nixon and Reagan. A successful businessman and longtime New York
City resident, he became wealthy through investments in publishing, bowling
alleys and other ventures.

Mr. Kaye's marriage ended in divorce. There are no immediate survivors. A
funeral service will be held at 10 A.M. tomorrow at St. Jean Baptiste Church,
184 East 76th Street.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Sammy Kaye with band on 1952 CBS television show

TYPE: Obituary

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              719 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      February 2, 2003 Sunday Home Edition

Recruiting becomes women's work;
Risky mix: Can an attractive hostess sway a prospective player? Many schools
make it part of drill.

BYLINE: CARROLL ROGERS

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 2306 words


Five years after one of N.C. State's Stately Ladies showed him around campus
during his recruiting visit, Terrence Holt remembers that she knew his older
brother Torry and that she was from High Point, N.C., not far from his hometown
of Gibsonville.

But that's not what first comes to mind.

"I can remember thinking how good-looking she was," Holt said recently. "When
you came to college, there are going to be thousands of girls who look pretty
you have to choose from."

That's the message many players are getting this weekend during their final
recruiting visits to colleges nationwide. Along with fancy steak dinners, names
flashing in scoreboard lights and prime seats at college basketball games,
schools from Georgia to California are using attractive college women to sway
recruits.

The phrase "recruiting hostesses" might prompt a smirk from the average person
who puts two and two together and comes up with foreplay. Colleges are pairing
hormonal high school seniors with attractive college coeds during recruiting
visits and expecting eyebrows not to raise?

The same schools that feature hostesses' lipsticked smiles in football media
guides cringe at reports placing hostesses in recruits' hotel rooms. In recent
months, hostesses from Arizona State and Oregon have come forward with stories
of fellow hostesses using sex to lure prospective players to sign with their
schools.

People who run the hostess programs say those stories unfairly stigmatize the
vast majority of hostesses.

"We've had members of the board of trustees' children, [former coach] Pat Dye's
daughter, my niece," said Sue Locklar, coordinator of a well-established program
at Auburn. "We wouldn't put them in an organization with any kind of
questionable behavior going on. They're not expected to be angels, but they're
expected to conduct themselves in an appropriate way."

What do hostesses do?

Alabama started the first hostess program, initially called the Bear's Babes, in
the 1960s under coach Bear Bryant. Rival Auburn formed its Tigerettes in 1977.
Until then, Tiger coaches commonly had their daughters show recruits around
campus.

Now, recruiting hostesses act as volunteer tour guides, escorting recruits and
their families around the facilities and sitting with them at games. A hostess's
typical fall Saturday begins three hours before each home game and ends a couple
of hours afterward, after she takes her recruit onto the field to meet players
and coaches.

"You put your heels on at 8 in the morning, and you're going all day with
recruits and their families," said Kim Gerson, a former Auburn Tigerette who's
now an assistant principal at Northeast-Macon High. "I wore out some navy
pumps."

Hostesses also do clerical work in the football office and attend meetings to
plan for the weekends. Many host recruits on official visits in December and
January. Some schools use hostesses to help with coaching clinics, banquets and
other football-related events.

Leader Connie Connelly estimated 90 percent of a Georgia Girl's time is spent
with a recruit and his parents.

In the evenings, recruits are handed over to player hosts. Officially,
hostesses' duties are done. But lines can blur at bars off campus or at
unofficial recruiting parties. Hostesses might not escort the players there, but
in many cases they go.

"Oh yeah, they were there [at an off-campus bar in Auburn]," said
Journal-Constitution Super 11 defensive lineman Josh Thompson, who has committed
to Auburn.

Hostesses normally are forbidden from dating recruits, but few programs say
hostesses can't socialize with them.

"We do not place boundaries on the girls in their capacity as everyday college
students," Connelly said. "We feel that would be too much of an infringement in
their personal lives. They are reminded that as Georgia Girls, they should
conduct themselves in a manner beyond reproach at all times."

At Tech, Caroline Clayton said Solid Gold members aren't interested in
socializing with recruits.

"A) They're not as old as we are, and B) we know better," Clayton said. "We
don't want to jeopardize the school, or a player or us. A lot of girls have
boyfriends already. It's not like we're here to chase."

How are they chosen?

In the South, especially, there's no shortage of candidates. At Texas A&M this
year, 250 women applied for 50 spots as Aggie Hostesses. At Georgia, 80 women
out of 176 applicants became Georgia Girls.

The bigger programs use formal interviews with a panel of the program director
and officers, former members, the football recruiting coordinator and
occasionally coaches' wives or players.

At Texas A&M, candidates might be asked to name Aggies in the NFL, how to
convince a recruit's parents to send their son to A&M, or what they'd do if they
saw another hostess putting the program's reputation at risk. At Georgia, they
might be asked what to tell a quarterback who wonders about his chances of
playing behind David Greene and D.J. Shockley.

Thirteen schools that responded to an informal survey listed enthusiasm, a
minimum GPA, communication skills and knowledge of football as selection
criteria. None listed physical appearance.

"Looks have absolutely nothing to do with it," Locklar said. "We have all shapes
and sizes. Our uniforms last year went from 2-petite to size 18. It's not a
factor with us."

Still, Locklar makes sure Tigerette uniforms are in the latest styles. Hostesses
tease her for always insisting they refresh their lipstick.

"A little lipstick can perk up a face when we've had a long, hard day," she
says.

Staci Sutton, who oversees the Garnet and Gold girls at Florida State, took a
different view.

"In all spirit organizations at the college level, looks do factor in," said
Sutton, who also coaches FSU cheerleaders. "We're looking for the all-around
package --- good-looking, smart, from a good background."

Why do they do it?

Kim Sarabia chose Georgia four years ago partly because of her love of football.
Having grown up in the high school football hotbed of Odessa, Texas, she wanted
to get involved in Georgia's football program. She signed up for a Georgia Girl
interview her freshman year but didn't tell anybody.

"You hear so much," she said. "I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into. At
first, you wonder if you're going to be a trophy. Are you going to be asked to
do things? But I'm the type person, I want to see for myself."

Meeting coaches and players was fun for her, not to mention getting lower level
end zone seats at games.

"I got to pet Uga one time," Sarabia said. "You see Charles Grant on TV and say,
'Oh yeah, I knew him.' What fan wouldn't? I got to go to Coach [Mark] Richt's
house for dinner."

Gerson grew up an Auburn football fan and wanted to be a part of Tiger football.

"I liked being on the inside of the organization," she said. "It was a status
thing and a challenge."

What impression is made?

Regardless of their intentions, hostesses' looks often make the biggest
impression on recruits.

"Any young man sees a luscious group of young women, it catches your eye," said
LSU senior linebacker Bradie James. "It doesn't speak too much for the program,
but on a social note, it speaks volumes because coming out of high school you
want to see some good-looking women."

Georgia receiver Terrence Edwards concedes that he has hosted recruits who
expected him to hook them up with girls, potentially hostesses.

"I tell them, 'That's not on me,'" Edwards said. "I can't decide what you're
going to get. I'm not talking some girl into doing something with you. . . .
I've hosted a lot of guys. I haven't known one girl who's done things she
shouldn't do. At Georgia, it just doesn't happen. . . . It's blown out of
proportion in my opinion. Recruits look at movies like 'He Got Game' where Ray
Allen has two girls waiting [in bed] on him. . . . Coach Richt doesn't put up
with that. If he finds out it's going on, he'll dismiss the girl quick."

When Kay and Rick Greene took their son, David, to visit Auburn during its
spring scrimmage, they were put off by his hostess, who had been assigned
several players.

"The little Tigerette looked like she got attached to one recruit," Kay Greene
said. "She was more interested in him than making sure everybody got to see the
appropriate coaches. It was too much for her. That was the only experience I can
say that for. Our experiences at Tech and Georgia were great."

The Greenes got a Christmas card this year from their Georgia Girl hostess, who
has graduated and moved to Macon. During Greene's first visit to Georgia, she
congratulated him for throwing two touchdown passes he'd thrown in his high
school game the night before.

"She flat did her homework," Kay Greene said. "It was a perfect person for
David. She was not interested in him; she was interested in sports."

In December, two Sun Devil Recruiters for Arizona State were quoted in their
student newspaper saying that sex between hostesses and recruits was common.
Former hostesses from the University of Oregon painted a similar picture for
HBO's Real Sports.

"I don't think it's one-third as bad as they made it out in the paper," Arizona
State tight end Mike Pinkard said. "Like everything else, you have to take it
case-by-case. . . . I can't say 100 percent of the girls don't hook up. [But]
people made it seem as an everyday thing."

A troubling environment

In 1995, Kathy Redmond accused former Nebraska football player Christian Peter
of rape in 1995 and eventually settled a civil suit against the university out
of court.

"I understand sex sells," said Redmond, founder of the National Coalition
Against Violent Athletes. "But [the recruits] are not old enough to understand
the difference between girls that want sex and girls that don't. That's when
universities create environments of entitlement that causes problems we see
today."

Three years ago, Jason Respert was accused of fondling a female student at an
off-campus apartment during his recruiting visit to Florida. (He pleaded no
contest and enrolled at Tennessee.) The University of Colorado has had two rape
allegations at recruiting parties in a span of five years. The NCAA busted
Alabama for recruiting parties in which players had hired strippers.

None of those women was a recruiting hostess, but Redmond sees a connection.

"You have a lot of hostesses setting up parties where women can be raped," she
said. "It sounds blunt to say so, but it is happening. . . . As they get older,
they'll regret having [been hostesses ]. They'll hate being used by an athletic
department as a sexual tool for players to come to their school, so they can
perpetuate the stereotype that causes women to get raped."

Are hostesses necessary?

Some schools, especially those up north or with religious affiliations, thrive
without hostess programs --- Notre Dame, Brigham Young and Boston College to
name a few.

But schools feel competitive pressure to have a hostess program. West Virginia,
which joined the Big East for football in 1991, added one two years ago.
Kentucky is the only one of the 21 schools in the ACC and SEC with no hostess
program.

"They are invaluable to the coaching staff," said Lance Thompson, an LSU
assistant coach and former Georgia Tech recruiting coordinator. "There are only
so many coaches, especially when you have big crowds [of recruits]. . . . [And]
the key to a player is his mama, and girls are easier for mama to talk to. It's
a good way for information to travel both ways."

Tech athletics director Dave Braine has seen both sides --- his former school,
Virginia Tech, didn't have a hostess program.

"Ours [at Tech ] is done the right way with very good people," Braine said. "Can
I defend it throughout the country? No, just like I can't defend commercials
advertising beer with girls taking off their clothes and wallowing around in
water and in the mud."

What's being done

In the wake of rape scandals, Colorado forbids hostesses from socializing with
recruits outside of official functions. It also imposes a 1 a.m. curfew on
recruits during their visits.

Other programs have made image changes by modernizing their names --- Clemson
went from the Bengal Babes to the Tiger PAWS, Miami went from the Hurricane
Honeys to the Cane Connection and Florida changed from the Gator Getters to
Gator Guides. Under Richt, Georgia has gone for more substantive change.

"I think he cleaned up their act a little bit," Kay Greene said. "Instead of low
black tops and short black skirts, they got uniforms."

Richt also emphasized community service. In December, the Georgia Girls gave a
Christmas party for children with behavior disorders.

Neither Georgia, FSU nor Auburn forbids hostesses from attending recruiting
parties, but they will confront hostesses who act inappropriately.

"You can rest assured if they misbehave, I'll know it before the party's over,"
Locklar said.

It works the other way, too. Locklar recalls two recruits who acted
"disrespectfully." Auburn stopped recruiting both.

Auburn opened its program to male students in 1992. Tiger Hosts help recruits
check into their hotel rooms; Tigerettes aren't allowed to leave the first floor
of the hotel. Tiger Hosts also can escort recruits into the locker room after
games. They add an element of security when Locklar groups at least one Tiger
Host and three or four Tigerettes with each recruit on official visits.

Redmond applauds the addition of men.

"The first step is not having the school and teams contradict themselves by
saying, 'Don't objectify women, but here we have these hostess women,'" she
said. "You have to start chipping away at how things were done before. It's not
working. People are getting hurt."

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: RECRUITING HOSTESS PROGRAMS
ACC
School......... Name............. Former name.......Women.. Men
Clemson..........Tiger PAWS....... Bengal Babes......54......0
Duke........... Blue Angels........---...............20......0
Florida State....Garnet and Gold
............... Girls..............---...............58......0
Georgia Tech... Solid Gold....... ---...............40......0*
Maryland....... Black-eyed Susans..Terrapin
Recruiters........23......2
N.C. State..... Stately Ladies.......................30......0
North Carolina.. Carolina Blues... Sweet Carolines...60......0
Wake Forest......recruiting
............... assistants....... ---...............10......2
Virginia....... Cavalier
............... Connection....... ---...............25......5
SEC
School......... Name............. Former name.......Women.. Men
Alabama..........Bama Belles........Bear's Babes.... 95......0
Arkansas....... Razorback Belles.. ---...............68......0
Auburn......... Tigerettes and
............... Tiger Hosts........---...............80.....20
Florida..........Gator Guides..... Gator Getters.....65......0*
Georgia..........Georgia Girls......---...............80......0
Kentucky....... no program....... ---.............. 0......0
LSU..............Tiger Pride........---...............95......5
Ole Miss....... Rebel Recruiters.. ---...............70......0
Mississippi
..State..........Bulldog Belles... ---...............65......0
South Carolina.. Carolina Classics..---...............45......0
Tennessee........Vol Hostesses......---...............48......0
Vanderbilt..... Gold Stars....... ---...............26......0
*School opened interviews to males, but they either did not apply or were not
chosen.
--- Carroll Rogers; Photo: Since the arrival of coach Mark Richt, the Georgia
Girls at UGA got a new uniform look and added an emphasis on community service.
/ SUNNY SUNG / Staff; Photo: Auburn Tigerettes Kara Oglesby and Casey Biggs
(left) sing the Auburn fight song at a program for recruits. / Todd J. Van /
Special; Photo: Tiger host Paul Moncrief (above) guides recruits to the business
school. / Todd J. Van / Special

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              720 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                           RECIPIENT: YWCA of the USA
                                  DONOR: Sway


                         LAST UPDATED: February 4, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2014

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  In-Kind
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  YWCA of the USA
TAXCODE:  13-1624103
URL:  http://www.ywca.org
LOCATION:  Washington, DC, 20036
CATEGORY:  Human Services

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Sway
DONOR TYPE:  Corporations

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016


                              721 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                             August 24, 2012 Friday

Ex-big leaguer 'Spaceman' Bill Lee earns victory for Pacifics

BYLINE: By Daniel Brown Bay Area News Group

SECTION: SPORTS; News

LENGTH: 713 words


A few hours before his game Thursday night in San Rafael, as groundskeepers
readied the field, Bill "Spaceman" Lee eyed a shovel suspiciously.

"What's that for?" he asked. "To bury me?"

Hardly. Even at 65, one of baseball's all-time most colorful characters remains
in full orbit. Spaceman, who delighted Boston Red Sox fans and irritated
baseball's stuffed shirts for large parts of the 1970s, is still throwing
change-ups   on the mound and off.

Lee signed a one-game contract with the San Rafael Pacifics of the independent
North American League in what the team billed as his chance for him to break his
record as the oldest pitcher to win a professional game. (Lee was 63 when he won
a Can-Am League game in 2010).

Lee's night was a success, as he threw a complete game in a 9-4 Pacifics win
against a team from Maui. He scattered eight hits and had no walks or
strikeouts. He didn't allow a run until the fifth inning.

Lee did not take the Albert Field mound wearing a gas mask, a Daniel Boone cap
or a beanie with a propeller   things he did at different times during a major
league career that lasted from 1969-82.

The publicity stunt worked: The Pacifics sold out   about 1,200 seats. This is
essentially a high school ballpark, as Lee knew first-hand. "I threw a no-hitter
here in 1962, against Drake," the Terra Linda High grad said. "This is like a
home game for me."

It's had already been nostalgic week for Lee, who traveled to Boston on Monday
to attend the funeral of former second baseman Johnny Pesky, a beloved member of
the Red Sox family. Lee said that when his cab from Fenway Park pulled up
curbside for services, he noticed a New York Yankees fan in the car behind him.

"So I flipped him off," Lee said.

Wait. At a funeral?

"Johnny would have wanted it that way," Lee explained.

Lee's burning loyalty to Boston shows that time can heal all wounds   or at
least heal petty grievances. An All-Star in '73, the irascible left-hander
clashed often with Red Sox power figures during his playing days   including a
running feud with manager Don Zimmer, whom he once referred to as a "gerbil."

Always eager to tweak management, Lee was a counter-culture eccentric even by
'70s standards. Once, as Sports Illustrated recounted, he called a conference on
the mound   catcher, coach, third baseman, the whole cast and informed them that
his lips were chapped.

Oh, and he could pitch. Lee won 17 games each year from '73-75. His catcher,
Carlton Fisk, later said that Lee was "was the best lefthander in the league"
during that three-year stretch.

In those days, as now, Lee threw a baffling assortment of junkballs   an
appropriate repertoire, given his personality type. Lee said a high school knee
injury, combined with an already weird body type   "sway back, big ass," is how
he put it   allowed him to put a natural sink on the ball.

Lee's only handicap Thursday was that both his sway back and ample backside were
sore. He never stopped trying to stretch out, bending and twisting as he spoke.
As the Pacifics gathered 'round to listen to Lee in the bullpen before the game,
he offered this bit of gray-haired wisdom: "For you guys out looking for dates
tonight, find a massage therapist."

Most of the time, Lee feels spry. He's been a fixture in the Vermont Senior
Baseball League since 1988 and is eager to hurl junk for anybody who calls.

"I'm able to do this," Lee explained, "because I've never quit."

Mike Shapiro, the CEO and general manager of the fledgling Pacifics, said his
original plan was to name his team the Spacemen, partly to honor Lee, partly
because of nearby Lucasfilm Ltd. and partly, he said, "because Marin County is
kind of spacey."

Though he settled on the more stately "Pacifics," Shapiro still wanted to honor
Lee and recently decided the time was right to an extend an invite.

"I called him up and asked him and he said, 'Sure, how about Aug. 22 or 23?'"
Shapiro said. "It was one of the easiest negotiations I've ever had."

Lee will be back again soon. He still owns a home in the area. He also partners
with a Napa winemaker for a blend of California syrah, cabernet and petite
sirah. It's called Spaceman Red.

"It's fantastic, a good blend," Lee said. "It's really drinkable and the price
is right. So I hope it does well."

Here's guessing it ages well.



LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bill "Spaceman" Lee chats with his new team mates on the San Rafael
Pacifics baseball team before their game against the Maui Na Koa Ikaika at
Albert Park in San Rafael, Calif. on Thursday, Aug. 23, 2012.
Bill "Spaceman" Lee stands with his San Rafael Pacifics team mates during the
singing of the National Anthem before their game against the Maui Na Koa Ikaika
at Albert Park in San Rafael, Calif. on Thursday, Aug. 23, 2012.
Bill "Spaceman" Lee pitches for the San Rafael Pacifics during the first inning
of their game against the Maui Na Koa Ikaika at Albert Park in San Rafael,
Calif. on Thursday, Aug. 23, 2012.
Bill "Spaceman" Lee pitches for the San Rafael Pacifics during the first inning
of their game against the Maui Na Koa Ikaika at Albert Park in San Rafael,
Calif. on Thursday, Aug. 23, 2012.
Bill "Spaceman" Lee pitches for the San Rafael Pacifics during the first inning
of their game against the Maui Na Koa Ikaika at Albert Park in San Rafael,
Calif. on Thursday, Aug. 23, 2012.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2012 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 19, 2010 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Campaign: Into the Homestretch

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 709 words


To the Editor:

Re ''Groups Push Legal Limits in Advertising'' (news article, Oct. 18):

If Republicans succeed in their hide-the-rich-donor shell game, enabled by the
Citizens United ruling by the Supreme Court, then the playbook for elections
will be changed.

Big-money donors have a keen interest in lower taxes for themselves, lower wages
for their workers, fewer health and safety regulations for those workers, and
fewer or no restrictions on their ability to ship jobs overseas.

For all the attention given to the largely unfocused anger of this election
cycle, few have noticed that much of this bizarre anger has been organized by
anonymous big donors who have little in common with the ordinary working
American. The ''little people'' in American democracy -- the millions of
middle-class voters, who make up the majority -- play the part of duped pawns in
this playbook.

What this amounts to is a return to rule by a wealthy oligarchy, a Gilded Age
revisited, except that this time around ordinary Americans do not even know they
are being fooled by the rich.

John E. Colbert Chicago, Oct. 18, 2010

To the Editor:

Re ''Return of the Secret Donors'' (Week in Review, Oct. 17):

If a person or group spends money to subsidize an assault or theft, that is
properly against the law. If a person or group spends money to subsidize
advocacy of political policies, does that infringe on anyone's rights? If not, I
don't see the grounds for restricting it.

Tara Smith Austin, Tex., Oct. 17, 2010

To the Editor:

Re ''For Tea Party, Sway Beyond Mere Numbers'' (front page, Oct. 15):

I continue to be amused by those on the right who promote Tea Party candidates
with no sense of the underlying irony. The very people who have opposed
affirmative action -- ostensibly on the basis that the most talented and
experienced people should receive primary consideration from universities and
workplaces -- are enthusiastic about the candidacies of wildly unqualified
individuals.

The notion that representatives and senators don't need experience and knowledge
of government affairs is as laughable as so many of the Tea Party candidacies.

Andrew W. Koppel Arlington, Mass., Oct. 16, 2010

To the Editor:

''For Tea Party, Sway Beyond Mere Numbers'' quotes an Ohio Congressional
candidate, Steve Stivers, claiming that just four departments -- Defense,
Justice, State and Treasury -- are authorized by the Constitution, and that
''you could eliminate the Departments of Agriculture, Education, Interior,
Housing and Urban Development, Transportation, Energy and others to return to a
constitutionally pure government.''

This radical approach would eliminate, among other things, most food safety and
inspection, regulation of mining and oil drilling, the National Park Service,
the Federal Aviation Administration, maintenance of Interstate highways, and the
entire nuclear weapons complex (managed by the Energy Department).

The federal government is not always perfect or cost-effective (far from it),
but advocating the wholesale elimination of vital functions for the sake of
ideological purity is ignorant and dangerous.

Stephen I. Schwartz Wilmette, Ill., Oct. 16, 2010

To the Editor:

Re ''The Rage Won't End on Election Day,'' by Frank Rich (column, Oct. 17), and
''Tales of the Tea Party,'' by Ross Douthat (column, Oct. 18):

The Tea Party is the subject of endless analysis and debate exploring the
nuances of its anger at the established political leaders. Yet the Tea Party
exists for the simple reason that Republicans were let down by their own party.
These same Republicans would never vote for a Democrat and simply had no other
option.

For all the ideas and platforms, the ins and outs of politics, our choices at
the polls remain frustratingly small.

The Tea Party is not an actual party. It is merely a rebranding of a mix of
Republican ideas and animosity against Democrats.

Michael Walker Bellport, N.Y., Oct. 18, 2010

To the Editor:

''Black Turnout Will Be Crucial for Democrats'' (front page, Oct. 17), about the
challenge of appealing to black voters ''without alienating right-leaning white
majorities,'' is the latest in a litany of observations that gives me the eerie
feeling that I fell asleep in 2008 and woke up in 1968.

Laurel Ferejohn Durham, N.C., Oct. 18, 2010

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY WESLEY BEDROSIAN)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              723 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                              June 7, 2004 Monday
                                  City Edition

Southerners credit political shift to Reagan;
The late former president "made conservatism politically appealing again" in the
area.

BYLINE: MATT GALNOR, The Times-Union

SECTION: NATIONAL INTERNATIONAL; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 765 words


Once a Democratic stronghold, Northeast Florida is now, without question,
Republican country.

When local politicians and experts discuss that drastic shift over the past 20
years, they point to one familiar face -- that of former President Ronald
Reagan, who died Saturday at 93.

"He's the one that started that movement, here and in the whole state," said
Bill Taylor, who chaired the state Republican Party from 1974 to '80. "He had
the faith, and it was contagious."

Reagan, politicians and observers say, made it acceptable for local officials to
be Republicans. The former president's message of keeping money in people's
pockets and strengthening the military resonated in the South and in Northeast
Florida with Democrats who saw the national party drifting further to the left.

It wasn't just the message, they say, but the delivery that emitted optimism,
pride in America and the conviction to finish the job that helped sway the
heavily Democratic region to the Republican side.

"Reagan made conservatism politically appealing again," said Matt Corrigan, a
political scientist at the University of North Florida who has extensively
studied Reagan's impact on Southern politics.

In terms of registered voters, Democrats still make up about 56 percent of the
more than 382,000 voters in Duval County.

The ultimate voice of a voter, though, is heard at the polls, where Jacksonville
now screams Republican.

Mayor John Peyton, Sheriff John Rutherford and 14 of the 19 Jacksonville City
Council members are Republican. State Attorney Harry Shorstein and Public
Defender Lou Frost are the only two Democrats who hold a countywide seat.

"That would've been unthinkable in 1979," Corrigan said.

Former Mayor Jake Godbold, a Democrat, said Reagan not only made it easy for
people to be Republicans in Jacksonville, "he was beginning to make it hard for
people to be Democrats in Jacksonville."

When Godbold first went on the Jacksonville City Council in the 1960s, he said,
"I didn't know but a handful of Republicans, and there were no Republicans on
the council."

Norma Smith was one of those handful of Republicans in town, serving as the
county vice chairwoman for six years before leading the party from 1984 to '88.

"We were working in the wilderness," Smith said. "We were growing, but it was
very slow. [Reagan] kind of swept through like a whirlwind and really did all
over the country."

Locally, Republicans saw an opportunity with Reagan's popularity and began a
push to sway sitting Democrats and potential candidates over to the Grand Old
Party.

The Duval County Republican Party flooded mailboxes in the mid-1980s with
brochures, even one with Reagan's daughter Maureen pictured with the reasons her
father was a Republican. The piece encouraged voters and officials who shared
those beliefs -- lower taxes, a stronger military and an end to communism -- to
join Reagan in the Republican ranks, said Michael Munz, a former state
Republican chairman.

"We came to the conclusion a long time ago that we could switch Democrats
quicker than we could grow Republicans," Taylor said.

"It truly was a political revolution that went on," Munz said.

Prior to Reagan, Republicans were branded as harsh, war-mongering and overly
conservative, Corrigan said.

"He gave a more appealing face to conservatism, with tax cuts, law and order and
optimism about America," Corrigan said.

"He took the edge off conservatism," said former Mayor John Delaney. "He just
didn't have the harshness that was so often identified with the Republican
Party."

Delaney, an independent before the 1980 campaign, credits Reagan as helping pull
him into the Republican Party. Munz, who was 16 when he volunteered in Reagan's
1980 campaign, says, "I do what I do because of the motivation I got from him at
a very young age."

When Munz was chairman of the state party from 1993 to '95, several years after
Reagan left office, the party would continue to use Reagan quotes in letters
asking for contributions and support. To this day, Reagan's name is used as a
recruitment and fund-raising tool.

Some say the local political shift likely would've happened without Reagan,
though it probably would've been much slower and less pronounced.

"Ronald Reagan really spoke the language of conservative politicians," Corrigan
said. "He made it acceptable for conservative Democrats to make that shift."

And difficult for Democrats to keep their majority, as Godbold added, "He was as
aggressive about liberalism as he was about communism."

Times-Union writer Jessie-Lynne Kerr contributed to this report.

matt.galnor@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4550

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Photo: met_RonaldReagan5052904 met 1 The Times-Union file Ronald Reagan mingles
with with supporters in Jacksonville at the Southside Woman's Club on Jan. 14,
1976. He won the presidency on his next foray, in 1980.
Photo: met_RonaldReagan3052904 met_R The Times-Union file California Gov. Ronald
Reagan poses in Jacksonville with Laura Brockman and Lisa Serdon at a Republican
Party dinner held on March 18, 1975.
Photo: met_RonaldReagan1052904 met_R The Times-Union file Ronald Reagan speaks
with supporters Bryant Skinner (from left), Sen. John McCain and Rep. Ander
Crenshaw in Jacksonville on Jan. 15, 1976. Northeast Florida's membership in the
GOP was very small in those days.
Photo: met_RonaldReagan4052904 met_R The Times-Union file Republican candidate
Ronald Reagan visited Jacksonville on Sept. 5, 1980, on the way to his first
term in the White House.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 The Florida Times-Union


                              724 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              June 14, 2002 Friday

Black Film Festival director documents hip-hop culture;
Don Williams uses the medium to tell the real-life stories of interesting people

BYLINE: Paula King STAFF WRITER

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 811 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND


Don Williams grew up watching music videos and emulating the vocal stylings of
old-school rap artists. The 33-year-old Richmond resident could relate to the
raw sounds of hip-hop, coming straight from the 'hood.

The hip-hop culture began to influence everything from his dress code to his
favorite hobbies. One of his fondest memories is seeing Run-DMC perform at the
Richmond Auditorium during their early days of stardom.

Back in the days of elementary school, Williams perfected roboting moves as a
form of street dancing that was gaining popularity in his neighborhood and
beyond. At El Cerrito High School, he practiced rapping in freestyle form at
lunch.

He was mesmerized by the melodic rhythms of rap as a continuous flow of musical
expression.

Like many thirtysomethings who were raised in that generation, Williams was
heavily influenced by the revolutionary sounds of underground hip-hop on KMEL's
"The Wake-Up Show," hosted by Sway and DJ King Tech. Since Williams didn't own a
radio at that time, he would listen to the popular morning program in his
mother's car.

Since the hip-hop culture seemed to define his upbringing, the young, local
filmmaker wanted the show to be the subject of his first feature film. "The
World Famous" will make its world premiere at the San Francisco Black Film
Festival tomorrow afternoon.

"Everyone listens to hip-hop, it influences everything from the media to
clothing lines. We live in a global society that is heavily influenced by
hip-hop," Williams says. "They played the stuff you only hear on college radio
stations. It was not the music normally heard on commercial radio stations."

The 45-minute documentary explores how the groundbreaking radio show changed the
hip-hop community in the Bay Area, nationally and internationally, with
innovative music from fresh artists looking for a creative outlet. As two
unknown DJs from Hayward and Oakland, Tech and Sway contributed to hip-hop as an
art form and influenced numerous careers.

According to Williams, 90 percent of the recording artists within the industry
today got their start on "The Wake-Up Show" during the last decade. Aspiring MCs
would show their skills by spontaneously rapping freestyle rhymes.

"If you wanted to hear something new and innovative, you listened to 'The
Wake-Up Show,'" Williams says.

His film features several performances and interviews including guest
appearances by the Souls of Mischief, Deja Clik, Conscious Daughters, Xzibit,
Chino and current KMEL DJ Chuy Gomez. Interscope Records even developed a
special anthem and music video for the alternative film, featuring a verse from
mainstream rapper Eminem.

The popular radio show became syndicated around the world and ended its long run
in 2000. Since then, the hosts have moved on to bigger projects. Sway is now a
popular VJ at MTV, bringing more followers into the hip-hop industry.

During his first film class as an undergraduate at Cal State Bakersfield,
Williams fell in love with film production. He decided to pursue a master's
degree in film at San Francisco's Academy of Art College and graduated in 2000.

"A good film should entertain the viewer. Through videos and documentaries, I
also hope to make an impact," Williams said.

As a natural storyteller, Williams prefers the medium of documentary because it
allows him to tell the real-life stories of interesting people. He has a list of
40 potential subjects for his next film.

Among the most fascinating are the tales of the women behind the legacy of
Richmond's Rosie the Riveter/World War II Homefront National Park, who worked in
the shipyards during that era. Another would look at the impact of the East Bay
Dragons as a notorious motorcycle gang, who were an influential part of Oakland.

Williams has received plenty of editing and directing practice by producing
music videos for local recording artists and mini documentaries about Bay Area
radio personalities in the past.

The absence of "The Wake-Up Show" has been a great loss to the hip-hop
community, Williams says. Today's music is watered-down versions of old-school
hip-hop.

"Today, they are in it for the wrong reasons. They care more about the money,
jewelry, women and cars than the music," Williams says.

Williams plans to offer his perspective during a panel discussion, following the
film's showing. The topic will be "The State of Hip-Hop Today."

He can't wait to see the reaction of the audience to his new film. Williams
hopes it will make them reminisce about the origins of hip-hop.

What: "The World Famous" at the San Francisco Black Film Festival

When: Saturday, June 15 at 4:15 p.m.

Where: Delancey Street Town Hall theater, 600 Embarcadero, San Francisco

Information: To purchase tickets, visit the festival's Web site at www.sfbff.org
or call the city box office at 415-392-4400

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                       Copyright 2002 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              June 14, 2002 Friday

Festival premiers film on hip-hop

BYLINE: Paula King STAFF WRITER

SECTION: WKLY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 760 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND


Don Williams grew up watching music videos and emulating the vocal stylings of
old-school rap artists. The 33-year-old Richmond resident could relate to the
raw sounds of hip-hop, coming straight from the 'hood.

The hip-hop culture began to influence everything from his dress code to his
favorite hobbies. One of his fondest memories is seeing Run-DMC perform at the
Richmond Auditorium during their early days of stardom.

Back in the days of elementary school, Williams perfected roboting moves as a
form of street dancing that was gaining popularity in his neighborhood and
beyond. At El Cerrito High School, he practiced rapping in freestyle form at
lunch.

He was mesmerized by the melodic rhythms of rap as a continuous flow of musical
expression.

Like many thirtysomethings who were raised in that generation, Williams was
heavily influenced by the revolutionary sounds of underground hip-hop on KMEL's
"The Wake-Up Show," hosted by Sway and DJ King Tech. Since Williams didn't own a
radio at that time, he would listen to the popular morning program in his
mother's car.

Since the hip-hop culture seemed to define his upbringing, the young, local
filmmaker wanted the show to be the subject of his first feature film. "The
World Famous" will make its world premiere at the San Francisco Black Film
Festival tomorrow afternoon.

"Everyone listens to hip-hop, it influences everything from the media to
clothing lines. We live in a global society that is heavily influenced by
hip-hop," Williams says. "They played the stuff you only hear on college radio
stations. It was not the music normally heard on commercial radio stations."

The 45-minute documentary explores how the groundbreaking radio show changed the
hip-hop community in the Bay Area, nationally and internationally, with
innovative music from fresh artists looking for a creative outlet. As two
unknown DJs from Hayward and Oakland, Tech and Sway contributed to hip-hop as an
art form and influenced numerous careers.

According to Williams, 90 percent of the recording artists within the industry
today got their start on "The Wake-Up Show" during the last decade. Aspiring MCs
would show their skills by spontaneously rapping freestyle rhymes.

"If you wanted to hear something new and innovative, you listened to 'The
Wake-Up Show,'" Williams says.

His film features several performances and interviews including guest
appearances by the Souls of Mischief, Deja Clik, Conscious Daughters, Xzibit,
Chino and current KMEL DJ Chuy Gomez. Interscope Records even developed a
special anthem and music video for the alternative film, featuring a verse from
mainstream rapper Eminem.

The popular radio show became syndicated around the world and ended its long run
in 2000. Since then, the hosts have moved on to bigger projects. Sway is now a
popular VJ at MTV, bringing more followers into the hip-hop industry.

During his first film class as an undergraduate at Cal State Bakersfield,
Williams fell in love with film production. He decided to pursue a master's
degree in film at San Francisco's Academy of Art College and graduated in 2000.

"A good film should entertain the viewer. Through videos and documentaries, I
also hope to make an impact," Williams said.

As a natural storyteller, Williams prefers the medium of documentary because it
allows him to tell the real-life stories of interesting people. He has a list of
40 potential subjects for his next film.

Among the most fascinating are the tales of the women behind the legacy of
Richmond's Rosie the Riveter/World War II Homefront National Park, who worked in
the shipyards during that era. Another would look at the impact of the East Bay
Dragons as a notorious motorcycle gang, who were an influential part of Oakland.

Williams has received plenty of editing and directing practice by producing
music videos for local recording artists and mini documentaries about Bay Area
radio personalities in the past.

The absence of "The Wake-Up Show" has been a great loss to the hip-hop
community, Williams says. Today's music is watered-down versions of old-school
hip-hop.

"Today, they are in it for the wrong reasons. They care more about the money,
jewelry, women and cars than the music," Williams says.

Williams plans to offer his perspective during a panel discussion, following the
film's showing. The topic will be "The State of Hip-Hop Today."

He can't wait to see the reaction of the audience to his new film. Williams
hopes it will make them reminisce about the origins of hip-hop.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                       Copyright 2002 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                              May 31, 2005 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Project provides transitional housing

BYLINE: Ann Weaver, Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO III; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 448 words


When David Wanzer was given the opportunity to design two new homes to help the
homeless, he wanted the structures to be uplifting and convey a sense of the
future.

Wanzer was a graduate student at the College of Architecture at the University
of Oklahoma when Neighborhood Services Organization gave him the chance to
design the homes for his master's thesis.

Two years later, his thesis has been transformed from a concept on paper into
two actual homes at 1105 NW 11th and 1111 NW 11th.

"They took a bold chance and gave me artist design freedom," Wanzer said.

"The houses have a progressive appearance, because I wanted them to be inspiring
to the people who stay here."

An open house is scheduled for 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday.

Neighborhood Services Organization Director Monica Swink said the two bedroom
homes will be used as transitional residences for up to six people until more
permanent housing is secured.

The units also will be used as places to provide outreach services, such as life
skills classes, for up to 10 people.

"It's hard to feel good about yourself when you're homeless," Swink said. "The
people who live here will not only have a nice place to live, but we wanted them
to feel special."

Wanzer said he believes that "inspired design" is possible in affordable
housing.

The homes are a modern interpretation of the traditional bungalows that dominate
the area.

They were designed to complement other homes in the neighborhood but not to
replicate them, Wanzer said.

Their clapboard siding, gabled roofs and front porch entries are reminiscent of
the bungalow style popular in the 1930s.

Wanzer's sway from traditional design is evident in the homes' twisting roof
lines and linear porch columns of concrete and wood attached by steel
connectors.

Each house is about 1,000 square feet with open floor plans that incorporate the
kitchen, living and dining rooms. Stained concrete floors, vaulted ceilings,
exposed rafters and simple stainless steel fixtures give it a modern flair.

The homes meet Energy Star's certification criteria for energy efficiency and
the American Lung Association's Health House criteria for indoor air quality.

They are to be furnished with modern-design furniture custom made by students in
the interior design department at OU's College of Architecture and Metro Tech in
Oklahoma City.

Swink said the project cost about $165,000. It was financed with HOME funds
through the city of Oklahoma City and corporate donations.

HOME funds are used to help low-income people buy homes, and the emergency
shelter grant money helps local nonprofits provide places for homeless people to
sleep.

Wanzer, 36, recently graduated and is a principal with J3 Architecture in
Oklahoma City.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: David Wanzer's radical sway from traditional design is evident
in the homes' twisting roof lines and linear porch columns of concrete and wood
attached by steel connectors.
Photo 2: David Wanzer is the designer of the Neighborhood Services
Organization's two new transitional homes for the homeless. The project was for
Wanzer's master's thesis at the College of Architecture at the University of
Oklahoma.
Photo 3: (photo of concrete column) David Wanzer's radical sway from traditional
design is evident in the homes' twisting roof lines and linear porch columns of
concrete and wood attached by steel connectors. - PHOTOS BY ANN WEAVER, THE
OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 6, 2009 Thursday

BRIEF: Beardstown protests fail to sway officials: Little League team still
fighting for a spot in World Series

BYLINE: Matt Wing, Jacksonville Journal-Courier, Ill.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 163 words


Aug. 6--Parents and coaches from a Beardstown youth softball team are still
making appeals to have the result of a state tournament game overturned. But the
head coach of the team said there is little chance anything can be done.

"Nothing has happened with it," said Craig Myers, the team's coach. "It's been:
'We're sorry. Too bad. There's nothing we can do about it.'"

The Beardstown Girls' Junior League All-Stars contend they are the rightful
winners of the Girls' Junior League Softball State Tournament, played last week
in East Chicago.

To see more of Jacksonville Journal-Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.myjournalcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Jacksonville
Journal-Courier, Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090806-JJ-BRF-Beardstown-protests-fail-to-sway-officials-0806

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JJ


                  Copyright 2009 Jacksonville Journal-Courier


                              728 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    November 17, 2000, Friday, Final Edition

SHIRLEY CAESAR "You Can Make It" Myrrh; MARY MARY "Thankful" Columbia

Richard Harrington

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. N07

LENGTH: 435 words



Who better to headline the "Sisters in the Spirit" tour than Shirley Caesar, the
First Lady of Gospel? Pastor Caesar's flock at Mount Calvary Church in Raleigh,
N.C., is the anchor of her four decades-long ministry through song, and in
recent years, the gospel matriarch has been touring less, though recording more.
"You Can Make It," the 10-time Grammy winner's 35th album, is chock full of
spiritual encouragement, exemplary storytelling and the joyful praise songs
Caesar long-ago mastered.

The upbeat opener, "Rejoice," is an impassioned invitation (with zestful help
from Chicago's New Direction youth choir) to "lift up your voice and rejoice."
With that commitment and a whole lot of faith, Caesar insists "You Can Make It,"
either by means of the fiery commitment evident in "Lift Him Up" or the cool
devotion of "Under the Blood," which begins with just Caesar and piano before
gradually swelling to familiar choral majesty.

Other highlights include the bluesy sway of "Armor of God," in which Caesar dons
"the breastplate of righteousness and the helmet of salvation," the powerful
praise ballad, "I Am God," and the celebratory "Reign Jesus Reign." As always,
Caesar sings with a gutsy fervor and spiritual focus that suggests hearing is
believing.

Mary Mary's "Shackles (Praise You)" became the first gospel song in five years
to break into the R&B/hip-hop Top 10 and it's easy to hear why. It's surely
gospel, though not in the hammer-it-home lyric tradition; its infectious
dance-floor sway is not far removed from the contemporary sounds of En Vogue or
Destiny's Child (who team up on a latter cut, "Good to Me"). And "Shackles"
won't scare away non-religious fans, not with a hook like "take the shackles off
my feet so I can dance." Folks who like TLC or Destiny's Child will find
familiar hip-hop undecurrents in bouncy tracks like "Joy," "I Sings," "I Got It"
and "Somebody."

Mary Mary--smooth-singing sisters Erica and Tina Atkins--sometimes mask the
message so much, as on "One Minute" and "Been Good to Me," that those songs
could well pass for secular. But they also update gospel classics ("What a
Friend" and "Wade in the Water") and provide familiar inspirational messages
("Can't Give Up Now," "Be Happy," "Still My Child") that make it clear Whose
side they're on.


Appearing with Yolanda Adams and Angella Christie Saturday and Sunday at
Constitution Hall.

* To hear a free Sound Bite from Shirley Caesar, call Post-Haste at 202/334-9000
and press 8130. For a Sound Bite from Mary Mary, press 8131. (Prince William
residents, call 690-4110.)



LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              729 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                              May 13, 2011 Friday

Georgia joins mounting red state backlash to Obama immigration reform;
In the same week that President Obama tried to lay out a middle path to
immigration reform, Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal signed a bill that takes a tough
line on illegal immigration.

BYLINE: Patrik Jonsson Staff writer

LENGTH: 829 words


Three days after President Obama mocked Republicans as being unreasonable in the
national immigration-reform debate, at least one Republican governor doubled
down Friday, signing an Arizona-style immigration law in protest against what he
deems failed federal policies.

The Georgia immigration law signed by Gov. Nathan Deal is a red-state rejoinder
to Mr. Obama's insistence that some path to citizenship should be a part of any
federal immigration reform. It gives state police more power to pinpoint people
who are in the state illegally and forces larger agribusinesses to run
employees' names through a federal database to verify their eligibility to work
legally inside the United States.

That such a bill passed in Georgia - alienating the state's powerful
agribusiness lobby, tourism officials, and a nascent Latino population - is a
testament to the symbolic power that Governor Deal and other Republican
legislators have invested in the issue. Indeed, with courts likely to strike
down the more controversial parts of the law - as they have in Arizona and Utah
- the symbolism of tilting at an allegedly out of touch Washington is perhaps
the primary reason for passing the bill.

This symbolism in the immigration debate is exerting an increasingly powerful
sway over the Republican Party, with similar bills churning in Alabama and
Florida. And with a presidential election looming, Deal and his gubernatorial
colleagues could yet see their law-and-order approach to immigration reform
become a litmus test for Republican candidates.

"The divide in terms of the direction of immigration reform is in part a
reflection of the fact that we have a stalemate in Congress," says Alan
Abramowitz, a political scientist at Emory University in Atlanta. "So now we
have more-conservative states in the South and West moving [toward] tough
anti-immigration statutes," and, as a result, "the Republican party has moved
increasingly toward this sort of hardline approach."

Politics or upholding the rule of law?

Obama tried to exploit that for his political gain in El Paso, Texas, Tuesday as
he reached out for the Latino vote.

To be sure, the president has a mixed record on illegal immigration, having
deported more illegal immigrants in a single year than any other president.
Obama has also completed a federal border fence and doubled the number of Border
Patrol agents along the border. But he suggested mockingly on Tuesday that even
this was not enough for Republicans, who are ultimately not interested in
tackling illegal immigration in a serious way, he said.

"They'll say we need to triple the border patrol, or quadruple the border
patrol," the president said. "They'll say we need a higher fence to support
reform. Maybe they'll say we need a moat. Or alligators in the moat. They'll
never be satisfied. And I understand that. That's politics."

Deal has a different take on the Republican line. "Today, we are taking action
to uphold the rule of law," Deal said of the Georgia bill Friday.

The bill is an undeniably strong political statement. It was passed not only
despite legal concerns that it impinges on federal primacy of immigration
policy, but also despite strong opposition among key constituencies in his own
state. While the Latino vote is still weak - making up 3 percent of the voting
public - the state's agricultural interests hold significant sway.

Impact of the Georgia bill

That Georgia Republicans were insistent on passing the law despite these hurdles
suggests that Republican presidential candidates might have to toe the same
policy line in the South and West or risk alienating conservative voters in
those areas.

For one, Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels (R), whose name is mentioned as a possible
Republican candidate, would have to explain why he demanded the legislature drop
a law-enforcement component from two immigration reform bills he signed Tuesday.
The Indiana bills, in essence, compel most businesses to verify the residency
status of workers and make undocumented immigrants ineligible to receive college
tuition and state welfare benefits.

The greatest impact of the Georgia bill might be on the national debate, not on
illegal immigration in Georgia. The bill's sponsors, though they tweaked
language that federal appeals courts have now twice struck down in the Arizona
bill, don't seem overly concerned about the law's constitutionality, which the
state will likely have to defend in court.

"Part of the calculation," suggests Professor Abramowitz, "is that they're
expecting parts of it to get thrown out."

The Georgia law could, however, pave the way for other states to challenge
Washington's immigration policy - and, by extension, Obama's border stance. In
that way, the Georgia immigration law offers a gauge of the political landscape
heading into the 2012 election, with Deal, for one, willing to invite the wrath
of farmers and potential tourist and convention boycotts in order to raise the
stakes of the immigration debate.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Desert Dispatch (Barston, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                            August 17, 2006 Thursday

Indian Band fasts in attempts to sway casino decision

BYLINE: Howard Decker, Desert Dispatch, Barstow, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 9232 words


Aug. 17--SACRAMENTO -- An American Indian band that hopes to build a casino in
Barstow is attempting to get on the fast track.

The Los Coyotes Band of Cahilla and Cupeno Indians began a fast at the state
Capitol that will continue until the legislature ratifies a gaming agreement, or
compact, according to Tom Shields, public relations agent for the band. In a
press release, he wrote that compacts for the band and the Big Lagoon Rancheria
Indians, who hope to build a dual casino in Barstow, are stalled.

Shields said in a telephone interview that the fast began Wednesday after noon
with three or four band members. Other band members and supporters will join the
group in the coming days, he said. Some will fast on the Capitol lawn until the
compacts get approved, but others will fast a day or so at a time, he said.
Capitol rules do not allow anyone to stay on the lawn overnight, Shields said,
so the fasting will take place from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. each day.

Band members said they would gather on the Capitol steps with members of
organized labor "to call on our legislators to end the gridlock" that has
prevented the compacts from passing, Shields said.

The state Assembly Government Organization Committee voted 7-0 to turn down the
Los Coyotes/Big Lagoon compact in June. Tribal supporters hope to see that vote
reversed now that the legislature is back in session in Sacramento for its final
month.

The press release quoted Kartherine Silva Saubel, the Los Coyotes spokeswoman,
as saying that "by fasting, our aim is to call attention to the economic
injustice of our people and to urge the legislatures to ratify these compacts
that will uplift the living conditions of our people."

The Los Coyotes Reservation, which is in San Diego County, is without many moder
n conveniences, including electric lights, according to the press release.

The Barstow dual casinos, one run by Los Coyotes and the other by Big Lagoon,
could generate more than $200 million in gaming revenues per year, according to
Gov. Ar nold Schwarzenegger's Web site. The state could receive up to $30
million of this amount, the site states.

The Chemehuevi Tribe, which operates a small casino along the Colorado River,
also wants to build a casino here.

CONTACT THE WRITER: (760) 256-4122 or howard_decker@link.freedom.com

Copyright (c) 2006, Desert Dispatch, Barstow, Calif. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060817-DB-0817-Indian-Band-fasts-in-attempts-to-sway-casino-decision

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DB


                         Copyright 2006 Desert Dispatch


                              731 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            September 3, 2004 Friday

CHEERS SILENCE INFILTRATORS

BYLINE: Ian Bishop

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 349 words


Two protesters interrupted President Bush's acceptance speech last night, but
were immediately drowned out by GOP delegates chanting, "Four More Years!"

The first protester, wearing a pink jacket and a Hawaiian-style lei, jumped to
her feet in a section of delegates about 10 rows from Bush on the Madison Square
Garden floor.

A second woman, wearing a pink slip covered with anti-war slogans, shrieked in
protest from a second-level visitors section about five minutes later.

The quick reaction of supporters with "four more years" chants spared Bush the
silence that occurred when a protester interrupted Vice President Dick Cheney
Wednesday.

From the podium, Bush held a smile on his face as security wrestled the
protesters from the hall.

"It's still ongoing and we're still working through it," Secret Service
spokesman Shannon Zeigler said.

-----

Making a choice

Kathleen Russell

Age: 25, Manhattan

Job: portfolio coordinator

2000 vote record: Bush

Bush grade: A+

Comments: "I was undecided until I heard the presentations throughout the week,
and Bush is a much more promising candidate than Kerry. I think the country
needs a strong leader, and out of the two, Bush is definitely the one."

*

Sara Parise

Age: 26, Long Island

Job: registered nurse

2000 vote record: Did not vote

Bush grade: B-

Comments: "It does not sway me one way or another. It was like a neat little
package with a nice little bow, but let's see what happens when we open this
package."

*

Frances Calandra

Age: 23, Brooklyn

Job: student,

Fashion Institute of Technology

2000 vote record: Did not vote

Bush grade: B-

Comments: "I will definitely not vote for George W. Bush. The world is not a
safer place than it was four years ago,

and I don't think George W. Bush will make it safer."

*

Michael Grennan

Age: 46, Long Island

Job: retired

2000 vote record: Bush

Bush grade: B+

Comments: "I think it did sway me to vote for him. I liked that he was specific
on reforms for health insurance, tax reform and social security. I wished he
could be a little more specific on when he is going pull out of Iraq."

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SHOUTED DOWN: One of two protesters is taken from MSG last night after
heckling the president.     [AP]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              July 22, 2005 Friday

For newlyweds, wives hold the pot strings;
Men more likely to smoke if women do

BYLINE: JILL MAHONEY, SOCIAL TRENDS REPORTER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 637 words


Newly married women significantly influence their husbands' marijuana use, a new
U.S. study suggests, although men hold sway over whether the couple drinks
heavily.

The paper found that men are more likely to resume smoking pot if their new
wives also use the drug. Conversely, if women do not smoke marijuana, which is
illegal in the United States, their husbands are more likely to kick the habit.

"If it's okay with her, it's okay with him. If it's not okay with her, it's not
okay with him," said Ken Leonard, a senior research scientist at the Research
Institute on Addictions at the University at Buffalo, which is part of the State
University of New York.

The paper, which appears in the spring edition of the Journal of Drug Issues, is
believed to be the first to examine how newlyweds influence each other's
marijuana use, said Dr. Leonard, who did a previous study that concluded men
have more influence over drinking behaviour.

Dr. Leonard and co-investigator Gregory Homish recruited men and women - who had
average ages of 29 and 27 respectively - to participate in their research when
they applied for marriage licences at Buffalo City Hall in the mid- to
late-1990s.

Using survey results from 471 first-time husbands and wives, the team found
women held more sway than men, both for resuming and terminating marijuana use.

"Whether she uses or not is predictive of whether he will stop or start," Dr.
Leonard, who is also a research professor of psychiatry at the University at
Buffalo's school of medicine, said in an interview. "It was a pervasive effect."

When compared against husbands whose wives did not smoke marijuana, men whose
fiancées smoked pot during the period when they applied for marriage licences
were "significantly more likely" to take up the drug by their first wedding
anniversary, the paper says.

As well, men who had pot-smoking spouses at the time of their first anniversary
were also more apt to start using marijuana by their second anniversary.

Conversely, wives of marijuana users were not more likely to start smoking the
drug.

The research, which was funded by the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and
Alcoholism, found marijuana use declined significantly for both men and women
during the first year of marriage.

From the year before marriage through to the second anniversary, men's use
decreased to 19 per cent from 25 per cent. Women's use fell to 14 per cent from
20 per cent.

While other studies have found that people reduce marijuana use as they age, Dr.
Leonard said that the trend does not explain the increase in use of the drug
among some participants and the large, fast drop for others.

The reasons behind new wives' influence on their husbands are not entirely
clear. Dr. Leonard speculated that women have a greater role because
relationship dynamics are altered after marriage, giving them more influence.
Wives also tend to have more control over a couple's social life.

"If she's a marijuana user, for example, and she's developing plans for the
weekend that involve getting together with friends of hers, it may be more
likely that her husband's going to be exposed to this broader group that will
have marijuana available," he said.

On the other hand, he said, women are inclined to become caretakers of a couple
and may want to curb their partner's drug use to protect him.

In terms of heavy drinking, Dr. Leonard believes husbands may have more
influence during the transition to marriage - the year before a couple applies
for a marriage licence up to their first wedding anniversary - because alcohol
is legal and women may not take as much issue with it.

As well, he noted, alcohol is seen as increasing intimacy and sexual
expressiveness. In the early days, a wife may be motivated to adapt to her
husband's drinking to help foster the relationship.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 1, 2011 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Tradition Reverberates at Wisconsin

BYLINE: By PETE THAMEL

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1117 words


When Nebraska travels to Wisconsin for its Big Ten inauguration Saturday night,
the game will resonate as a cultural event as much as a sporting contest.
Wisconsin is bracing for the presence of some 30,000 Nebraska fans in Madison
this weekend, many of whom do not have tickets and are just tagging along for
the revelry and history.

The event has been so anticipated in Lincoln that a local television station
broadcast stories from Madison every night of sweeps week -- in May. Wisconsin
issued 95 credentials for the Nebraska news media, including 14 for The Omaha
World-Herald.

The traveling Cornhusker masses -- who will wear black instead of their usual
red, to contrast with Badgers fans -- will get to experience one of the most
powerful traditions in college football between the third and fourth quarters.

That is when the 80,000-plus fans at Camp Randall Stadium traditionally leap up
and down in unison while the 1992 House of Pain song ''Jump Around'' blares over
the sound system and the press box sways.

''The stadium definitely shakes,'' said Mike Oliva, a Wisconsin engineering
professor who has studied Camp Randall's movement. ''People in the upper deck
tend to feel like the motion is anywhere from 2 inches to 10 inches.''

There are plenty of rowdy stadiums in college football -- the din from a
Louisiana State game in 1988 registered on a local seismograph and the press box
above Texas A&M's Kyle Field moves when the students link arms and sway during
games. But perhaps no stadium rocks more than Wisconsin's Camp Randall, thanks
to a tradition that grew from a marketing employee named Kevin Kluender who
spontaneously pushed the play button on ''Jump Around.''

In 1998, during the first night homecoming game for Wisconsin, Kluender was
looking for something to keep the crowd energized between the third and fourth
quarters. He had a list of suggested songs provided by Ryan Sondrup, an intern
in the marketing department and a former Badgers football player. Kluender chose
''Jump Around'' and looked away from the field to check his notes. When he
turned back, he said the leaping students looked ''like popcorn popping.''

Wisconsin hung on to beat Purdue, 31-24, despite 83 pass attempts by Drew Brees,
still an N.C.A.A. record. At one point in the song, the phrase ''jump around''
is repeated three times, followed by ''jump up jump up and get down,'' and then
the word ''jump'' is repeated 18 times. Soon, the hopping students and shaking
press box became as much a part of Wisconsin's game-day experience as the smell
of bratwursts grilling and the sight of empty cans of Milwaukee's Best littering
the sidewalks.

''It's turned into something really special and unique in college football,''
said Barry Alvarez, Wisconsin's athletic director and former football coach.

Soon, television cameras made a point to broadcast the moment, and a tradition
was born.

''I would love to tell you it was the result of months of market research and
focus groups, but it just kind of happened,'' said Kluender, who is an assistant
athletic director for marketing and promotions. ''And that's a reason it's still
so popular: it wasn't scheduled or planned.''

The phrase ''Jump Around'' now appears on Wisconsin T-shirts and is such a part
of Wisconsin's identity that its fans become ornery when other universities
attempt to adopt the phrase and the jumping that comes with it. When Kluender's
fiancee moved to Madison, she ordered a ''Jump Around'' credit card and
impressed the credit union employees by telling them that her future husband
started the tradition.

But Kluender said the tradition officially became a phenomenon in 2003 when Pat
Richter, then the athletic director, asked him before the home opener against
Akron not to play the song. Camp Randall was under construction, and there was
concern that the shaking could be dangerous.

Students were livid when the song did not come on between the third and fourth
quarter. Some turned their backs to the field, and Kluender recalled that the
focus became more about why the song was not played than the game itself. Calls,
letters and e-mails flooded the news media and the athletic department, and a
quick safety study was conducted. Soon, Chancellor John D. Wiley announced that
''Jump Around'' could be played the next week.

''It rose to the point where the chancellor of Wisconsin had to put out a press
release about a 1990s song that our fans are attached to,'' Kluender said. ''It
made me laugh that it rose to that level. It was played the following week and
ever since.''

Oliva conducted a more thorough safety study over a year and a half, and
concluded that the jumping was safe. He said in an e-mail that the actual motion
during the jumping was only 0.4 inches. But it occurs with such frequency that
humans are sensitive to it. ''Thus the exaggerated level of perception,'' he
said. ''I have been on the roof of the press box and observed standing waves in
puddles of water after a rain and would have guessed that the motion was quite
large myself if I hadn't measured the much smaller amplitudes.''

Ultimately, he said, it would take 12 inches of movement before any damage
happened.

''Before that could occur, all the people in the deck would fall down, rather
than jumping around,'' he said.

The results of his study did not surprise him. He was involved in a study about
30 years ago that looked at how Camp Randall moved when the band played the song
''You Said It All,'' which had been popularized as a Budweiser jingle, and the
fans would polka. Oliva said the athletic department had turned over so much
that when the questions about ''Jump Around'' emerged in the late 1990s, no one
remembered the first study.

''At that time there was no serious problem found, but playing of the Bud song
was subsequently delayed until well into the fifth quarter when the crowd had
thinned out (and it still is),'' he wrote.

Wisconsin's band director, Michael Leckrone, who is in his 43rd year, said he
had clippings from overseas periodicals about the Bud song phenomenon. He said
there was a distinct difference between that era and the one in which ''Jump
Around'' became popular.

''When Barry Alvarez got here, he changed to an expectation of some wins, but
the party atmosphere never left,'' Leckrone said of Alvarez's arrival in 1990.

Alvarez played at Nebraska and modeled the Badgers' program on the Cornhuskers'.
But there are some differences, including the likelihood of the stadium shaking
when the No. 7 Badgers and the No. 8 Cornhuskers play Saturday night.

''I'm excited for my friends from Nebraska to see Madison and see the atmosphere
we've created here,'' Alvarez said.

Even the traditions that began by accident.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Badgers fans letting loose as the 1992 House of Pain song ''Jump
Around'' is played between the third and the fourth quarters. A marketing
employee is credited with starting the tradition in 1998. (PHOTOGRAPH BY MORRY
GASH/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              734 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            October 15, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Bush, Kerry target each other in stretch drive: With 19 days to go, candidates
aim to sway swing voters

BYLINE: Knight Ridder Newspapers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 748  words

DATELINE: LAS VEGAS


LAS VEGAS - With the presidential race a dead heat and the number of
battleground states shrinking, President George W. Bush and Sen. John Kerry set
out on a post-debate push for votes Thursday, aiming to energize their backers
and sway swing voters by pouncing on each other's records.

An enthusiastic Bush began his 19-day sprint to the finish line by lashing out
at Kerry, branding him as a liberal who'll raise taxes and use his health-care
plan to expand the role of the federal government.

"My opponent has a history of voting for higher taxes, and he promised to raise
them in this campaign. And that's the kind of promise a Washington politician
usually keeps," the president told a rally at the University of Nevada Las Vegas
Thomas and Mack Center. "We will keep your taxes low."

Bush continued his line of attack on the Massachusetts senator, taunting him as
a liberal who "can run, but can't hide."

Kerry, noting that the line comes from the late boxer Joe Louis, came up with
his own boxing reference. He quoted Muhammad Ali goading George Foreman before
he KO'd him during their famous 1974 "Rumble in the Jungle" in Zaire: "Is that
all you got, George?"

Kerry, also in Las Vegas speaking to the national conference of the AARP, laid
out a broad case against the president on domestic policy. Aides said they hoped
the message would resonate not only with the elderly but also with a wide swath
of middle-class voters.

The AARP, the leading lobby for the elderly, also invited Bush to speak to its
convention, but even though he was in Las Vegas he sent first lady Laura Bush to
address the group.

The organization, which has been seen as partial to Democrats in the past, was
crucial in helping the president pass a prescription-drug plan for the elderly
under Medicare last year. The bill passed over Democratic objections, and Kerry
has been a vocal critic of the measure as inadequate and favouring drug
companies.

"My husband designed a plan to strengthen Medicare and to provide health care
for the way we live today for America's seniors," Laura Bush said Thursday. "He
worked closely with members of AARP and he is grateful for the support of your
group."

William Novelli, the chief executive officer of AARP, who negotiated with
Republican leaders over the prescription-drug bill, had this to say about it:

"Millions of Medicare beneficiaries are going to be helped by this law. The law
is not perfect, but it exists and now we can build on it ... there are a lot of
things that can be done to refine the bill and to improve it, but if we hadn't
endorsed it there wouldn't be any prescription-drug coverage under Medicare."

But Thursday's audience was decidedly pro-Kerry, and applauded the senator's
criticism of the law.

As Bush campaigned in Las Vegas and Reno and in Oregon, his campaign aides and
Republican officials proclaimed him the victor in Wednesday's final presidential
debate, despite several snap polls that said Kerry won.

The president didn't address the outcome of the debate but proclaimed himself
ready for the closing weeks of the campaign. An upbeat Bush made a rare
on-the-record appearance in the back of Air Force One to talk to reporters --
who couldn't recall the last time he visited their section of the plane -- to
talk about the campaign's final days.

"The debate phase of the campaign is over and now it's a sprint to the finish,"
he said. "I'm excited about it. It's -- my spirits are high, I'm enthusiastic
about my chances."

When asked who he thought won the debate, the president shrugged and said: "The
voters will decide."

While Bush politely declined to say who won, Sen. John McCain, a Republican for
Arizona, who was travelling with the president Thursday, wasn't shy.

"On substance the president won, and that's what the people think about when
they go into the ballot booth," McCain said as he stood next to a smiling Bush.

The Kerry campaign disagreed with McCain's assessment of the debate.

"I think it's pretty clear Senator Kerry had another strong night last night.
Virtually all the polling confirms that it was another win. Three out of three
for Kerry, so that's really a remarkable performance," adviser Mike Donilon
said.

The president's Air Force One chat was a small but significant indication of how
close the election is and offered insight into part of his campaign's strategy
heading into November. The impromptu visit was a return to Bush as a
presidential candidate in 2000, a smiling, joking fellow who gave reporters
nicknames.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Reuters; U.S. President George W. Bush greets supporters
at an election campaign rally in Las Vegas, Nev., on Thursday, the day after his
final debate with rival Sen. John Kerry.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              July 1, 2013 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

scott's pen can cost him votes;
As he signs or vetoes bills, he sways or repels different constituencies.

BYLINE: By Dara Kam Palm Beach Post Capital Bureau

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1182 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


As the heap of bills awaiting Gov. Rick Scott's signature thins, each one he
approves or vetoes puts his mark on the state as chief executive but also
carries potential impact for his 2014 re-election campaign.

Bills on health care, immigrant rights, voting procedures and others sway
different constituencies in different directions. And Scott's vetoes,
especially, paint a broad and sometimes dizzying landscape as he seeks to appeal
to an array of voting groups to maintain his hold on the governor's mansion.

He used his red pen to veto an alimony overhaul that could win him support from
women voters and a tuition increase that may endear him to younger voters, two
blocs considered crucial for his reelection.

His veto of a driver license measure that garnered near-unanimous support from
the Legislature could signal Scott's attempt to boost enthusiasm among tea party
activists who helped him to victory three years ago but who were alienated by
some of his actions this year.

The driver license bill, opposed by just two of the state's 160 legislators,
would have made it possible for children of undocumented immigrants to get
driver licenses. Scott's veto may trouble Hispanic voters, one of the state's
fastest-growing demographics, and put him at odds with national Republicans
courting Hispanics in the wake of the 2012 elections.

Scott, who approved a budget that slashed education spending by $1.3 billion in
his first year on the job, pushed this year for a $2,500 across-the-board pay
raises for teachers. Scott said the state's economy is back on track, thanks to
his prudent spending during his first two years.

And despite his earlier harsh criticism of federal health care law changes,
Scott earlier this year publicly supported a state expansion of the Medicaid
program, though he failed to use his political capital to convince lawmakers
during the 2013 legislative session to approve it.

Scott also pushed lawmakers to undo changes in a 2011 elections law, dubbed by
voting and civil rights groups as the "voter suppression act," that shortened
the early voting period to eight days, from 14. A revision approved this year
lets county supervisors increase the number of days from eight to 14 and expands
the types of sites where early ballots can be cast. Democrats still complain the
changes don't go far enough.

Some say the governor's actions are an attempt to win swing voters and
independents.

"It's definitely pandering. The man's trying to get re-elected," said Senate
Democratic Leader Chris Smith, D-Fort Lauderdale, who tweeted: "Medicaid
expansion, Obamacare, teacher bonuses -- who is this guy?" after Scott came out
in favor of expanding the state-federal health care program for the poor.

But supporters and even some critics say that Scott, whose campaign platform
three years ago included support for the hard-line Arizona immigration law, is
remaining true to himself.

"I've never seen the governor as a person who's driven by poll numbers or the
politics of the day," said GOP consultant Brian Hughes, a former spokesman for
Scott and the Republican Party of Florida. "The governor has the power of a veto
for a reason. He's always brought to the job a core set of principles."

Scott and his advisers have undergone a number of makeovers since he moved into
the governor's mansion in January 2011, from more casual attire to shake-ups in
the inner circle.

A recent poll by Quinnipiac University's Peter Brown found Scott, whose
popularity among voters has been dismal since his election, growing on the
electorate. Voters were almost evenly split over Scott's job approval rating
last month, with 43 percent in favor, compared with 44 percent unfavorable.
That's a boost in the same poll taken in March, when 36 percent approved of the
way Scott was handling his job but 49 percent disapproved.

Brown credits Scott's improved numbers with a turnaround in the economy rather
than his actions on legislation.

"Those are micro-factors," Brown said. "The big picture is more important. The
economy is a big deal."

The Quinnipiac poll, released June 18, also showed Scott closing the gap with
former Gov. Charlie Crist, the Republican-turned-independent-turned-Democrat who
is pondering a run against the incumbent.

Crist still has a 10-point lead, but that's down from 16 points in March, the
poll showed.

Steve Schale, a Democratic consultant who helped Obama win Florida last year and
is advising Crist, said Scott's need to broaden his base puts him at odds with
his more conservative ideology.

"There is sort of like this internal conflict between Scott World and Scott.
Scott World is trying to get him to be seen as more of a centrist, center-right,
more moderate governor. And that's not a comfortable place for Scott. That's not
where he is," Schale said.

Scott "branded himself" in a brutal primary against former Attorney General Bill
McCollum in 2010 as "the true-believer conservative," Schale noted. "If he
governs like that, he's not going to get re-elected."

University of South Florida political science professor Susan MacManus said
Scott's decisions on legislation as he eyes a possible race against Crist may be
an adjustment to the 2012 election, when President Obama, as he did in 2008, won
over Florida voters.

"If there's one lesson that Republicans across the country and most importantly
in Florida saw in 2012, it's the demographic shifts. Florida is the epicenter of
that," MacManus said. "Obviously if you want to win, you've got to recognize
this demographic diversity and you do have to broaden your appeal."

Florida voters are younger and more diverse ethnically than they once were,
MacManus said. Vetoing the tuition increase for university students could help,
she said.

But whether those voters will show up to cast ballots at the mid-term election
next year is up in the air. Mid-term Florida voters tend to be older, white and
more conservative, according to Brown.

In addition to Florida's improving economy, Scott also is crowing about the
state's drop in unemployment. The latest data, released June 21, show the
state's unemployment rate down to 7.1 percent, the lowest since 2008, and lower
than the national unemployment rate, which Florida's rate eclipsed when Scott
took office in 2011.

Returning from a trade mission the day those numbers were released, Scott
demurred when asked about creeping up on Crist.

"You know what I'm focused on is gaining ground on jobs. The unemployment rate
is coming down, 7.1 percent. We've had 330,000 private sector jobs. And that's
what I'm going to continue being focused on everyday," he said.

But after the May jobs numbers came out, the Republican Party of Florida issued
a press release, titled "Crist Crash vs. Scott Surge," comparing the turnaround
in employment under Scott with the unemployment hike under Crist's watch.

"Their bank shot is, 'It's all about the economy,'" Schale said. "Charlie Crist
tanked the world economy and Rick Scott saved it. I don't know how that's going
to play."

Palm Beach Post Staff Writer John Kennedy contributed to this story.
dkam@pbpost.com Twitter: @TheDaraKam

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   GlobalSWAY

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.globalsway.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalSWAY is a solution-based site! Sign up for free and change the world
with a positive SWAY! We are in BETA testing at the moment, you probably found
us on Facebook through a friend, if so, we thank your friend! We believe Simple
individual acts, performed collectively, can cause a huge SWAY on our globe -
think Humanity, Environment and More! Join us in our discussions and help us
make a difference! One of our favourite examples of the power of collective
solutions-based positive cooperation is Brent Schulkin's video of his Carrotmob
project. Brent and his partner Steve started Virgance.com.. take a look!  Our
Challenge; to have 30,000 Members By August 2009 and reach 100,000 by January
2010 - Invite Friends!

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              737 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Variety

                        August 7, 2006 - August 13, 2006

NIGHTMARE MAN

BYLINE: ROBERT KOEHLER

SECTION: FILM REVIEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 485 words


A Valkhn Films release and presentation in association with Paradigm Films.
Produced by Rolfe Kanesky, Frederico Lapenda, Esther Goodstein, Victor
Kanefsky. Executive producer, Alice Glenn.
  Directed, written by Rolfe Kanesky. Camera (color, DV), Paul Deng; editors,
Victor Kanefsky, George Panos; music, Christopher Farrell; art director, Ann
Nord; costume designer, Stacy Owens; makeup/hair, Hedvig Kacser; sound, Olivier
Virmont  ; supervising sound editors, George Panos, Roman Hankewycz; visual
effects supervisor, Al Magliochetti; special effects supervisor, Chris
Bergschneider; visual effects, Eye Candy; special effects makeup designer, Jeff
Farley; stunt coordinator, Aaron Sherry; fight choreographer, Sherry; assistant
director, Kirsten Wagner. Reviewed at Wilshire screening room, Beverly Hills,
July 26, 2006. Running time: 90 MIN.

  With: Tiffany Shepis, Blythe Metz, Hanna Putnam, James Ferris, Jack Sway,
Luciano Szafir, Aaron Sherry, Richard Moll.



   The monster that a married woman imagines becomes a tad more real than
anyone bargains for in horror specialist Rolfe Kanefsky's boobs n' scares trash
horror outing, "Nightmare Man." If there were a 99 Cents Store for movies,
cheapo pic --- designed more for lonely male geeks in their teens and above
than the date crowd ---  would fit nicely on the shelves. Rather than screening
as a midnight item, self-distribbed "flick" (as Kanefsky bills it in credits)
is four-walling at Laemmle's Sunset Five in Los Angeles starting Aug. 4 in
hopes of a multi-city breakout prior to joining other profitable vid spooks.
  After receiving an exotic mask decor item in a shipment, Ellen (Blythe Metz)
is perpetually visited in her nightmares by a horned chap whose face resembles
the demon-like mask. Convinced that she's nuts, husband Bill (Luciano Szafir)
decides to commit her to a mental hospital, but as he drives her through the
woods, they run of out of gas. Ellen stays alone in the car as Bill treks to
the nearest gas station, and, sure enough, Nightmare Man (Aaron Sherry) appears
and attacks her.
  A ridiculous fight in the woods ends up with them being near a cabin where
Mia (Tiffany Shepis) is hosting pals Trinity (Hanna Putnam),  Jack (James
Ferris) and Ed (Jack Sway) for a bit of weekend truth or dare.
  Final twist may be less predictable than what comes before, but it certainly
gets to have it both ways by trading psychological for supernatural horror
that's no more or less credible than anything else in this silly programmer.
  In a bow to '60s and '70s trash-o-ramas and to Troma pics, no gal appears
onscreen very long before she gets (at least partially) naked, perfs are either
absurdly stiff or over-the-top, and effects and makeup look like they were made
in someone's garage. Unlike pics of yore shot on film, Paul Deng's digital
lensing is dreadful during nighttime scenes --- comprising about 95% of the
running time.


LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Belleville Intelligencer

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

In NYC's Russian enclaves, a big 'nyet' to hacking talk

BYLINE: Alina Heineke, Associated Press

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 565  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Clutching a cobbler's tool, Roman Gadayev defiantly lashed out against
accusations that Russia meddled in the U.S. election to sway the vote to Donald
Trump.

"Simply impossible," said the Kazakhstan native who runs a shoe repair shop near
the Brighton Beach boardwalk. "This is something that only uneducated people can
buy into."

Most Russian-speaking expatriates interviewed by the Associated Press this past
week in Brooklyn's heavily ex-Soviet enclaves shrugged off a CIA assessment that
Russia hacked the Democratic Party and Hillary Clinton's campaign boss to help
Trump, portraying it as nothing more than political sour grapes.

"Russia has nothing to do with this," Ludmila Bondar, a retired credit analyst
who moved to America from Skvyra, Ukraine, 26 years ago, said in Russian.
"People are the ones who have elected Trump."

Brighton Beach and adjacent Sheepshead Bay, which have become home to tens of
thousands of Russian-speaking immigrants, are coincidentally where Trump's
father based a big part of his apartment-complex empire.

These enclaves along the Atlantic Ocean not far from the rides of Coney Island
are also among the few corners of Trump country in overwhelmingly Democratic New
York City. While the city overall went nearly 79 per cent for Clinton in the
presidential election, most precincts in the two neighbourhoods voted "za
Trampa," or for Trump, some as high as 80 per cent.

First-generation migrants told the AP they were generally drawn to the
Republican candidate's promises to reduce taxes and create more jobs. And many
felt that U.S.-Russian relations were likely to improve during a Trump
presidency.

Touting Trump's electoral triumph as "a huge victory for regular people," Odesa,
Ukraine, transplant Yuriy Taras scoffed at the hacking allegations and that
Russian President Vladimir Putin was personally behind it.

"I believe Russia couldn't exert any influence on the elections in America,"
Taras said in Russian, strolling the boardwalk with his wife, who was covered
from head to toe in fur. "Maybe Russia wanted to, but in my opinion, Putin
maintains the position that he doesn't need war. He just needs others to stop
bothering him."

Taras said he considers Trump's nomination of Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson, "a
person who knows both Putin and Russia," as secretary of state a sign that the
relations between Washington and Moscow will be on the mend.

"If Trump does what he promised to, and Putin says all the time that he wants
peace with America, then I think that enmity between Russia and the United
States will stop," Taras added.

CIA Director John Brennan has said the intelligence community is in agreement
that Russia tried to interfere in the U.S. presidential election, though there's
no evidence Moscow succeeded in helping Trump win. Democratic President Barack
Obama has ordered a full review of any Russian involvement.

Yefim Kacher, a hair salon owner from Odesa who said he voted for Trump because
of his promise to slash taxes, was among the few who said there appears to be
sufficient evidence that Russia tried to sway the U.S. election outcome.

Although Kacher is critical of Putin's "very aggressive" foreign policy, he
hopes that the U.S.-Russian ties will get better because "one shouldn't argue
with America. It's a big nuclear power and a compromise should exist."
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Lennihan, Associated Press; Women choose stockings for sale in a
Brighton Beach clothing store in the Brooklyn borough of New York. Most
Russian-speaking expatriates interviewed by the Associated Press this past week
in New York City's heavily Russian enclaves shrug off accusations that Kremlin
hacking helped sway the presidential election to Donald Trump.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Belleville Intelligencer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Niagara Falls Review

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

In NYC's Russian enclaves, a big 'nyet' to hacking talk

BYLINE: Alina Heineke, Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 565  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Clutching a cobbler's tool, Roman Gadayev defiantly lashed out against
accusations that Russia meddled in the U.S. election to sway the vote to Donald
Trump.

"Simply impossible," said the Kazakhstan native who runs a shoe repair shop near
the Brighton Beach boardwalk. "This is something that only uneducated people can
buy into."

Most Russian-speaking expatriates interviewed by the Associated Press this past
week in Brooklyn's heavily ex-Soviet enclaves shrugged off a CIA assessment that
Russia hacked the Democratic Party and Hillary Clinton's campaign boss to help
Trump, portraying it as nothing more than political sour grapes.

"Russia has nothing to do with this," Ludmila Bondar, a retired credit analyst
who moved to America from Skvyra, Ukraine, 26 years ago, said in Russian.
"People are the ones who have elected Trump."

Brighton Beach and adjacent Sheepshead Bay, which have become home to tens of
thousands of Russian-speaking immigrants, are coincidentally where Trump's
father based a big part of his apartment-complex empire.

These enclaves along the Atlantic Ocean not far from the rides of Coney Island
are also among the few corners of Trump country in overwhelmingly Democratic New
York City. While the city overall went nearly 79 per cent for Clinton in the
presidential election, most precincts in the two neighbourhoods voted "za
Trampa," or for Trump, some as high as 80 per cent.

First-generation migrants told the AP they were generally drawn to the
Republican candidate's promises to reduce taxes and create more jobs. And many
felt that U.S.-Russian relations were likely to improve during a Trump
presidency.

Touting Trump's electoral triumph as "a huge victory for regular people," Odesa,
Ukraine, transplant Yuriy Taras scoffed at the hacking allegations and that
Russian President Vladimir Putin was personally behind it.

"I believe Russia couldn't exert any influence on the elections in America,"
Taras said in Russian, strolling the boardwalk with his wife, who was covered
from head to toe in fur. "Maybe Russia wanted to, but in my opinion, Putin
maintains the position that he doesn't need war. He just needs others to stop
bothering him."

Taras said he considers Trump's nomination of Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson, "a
person who knows both Putin and Russia," as secretary of state a sign that the
relations between Washington and Moscow will be on the mend.

"If Trump does what he promised to, and Putin says all the time that he wants
peace with America, then I think that enmity between Russia and the United
States will stop," Taras added.

CIA Director John Brennan has said the intelligence community is in agreement
that Russia tried to interfere in the U.S. presidential election, though there's
no evidence Moscow succeeded in helping Trump win. Democratic President Barack
Obama has ordered a full review of any Russian involvement.

Yefim Kacher, a hair salon owner from Odesa who said he voted for Trump because
of his promise to slash taxes, was among the few who said there appears to be
sufficient evidence that Russia tried to sway the U.S. election outcome.

Although Kacher is critical of Putin's "very aggressive" foreign policy, he
hopes that the U.S.-Russian ties will get better because "one shouldn't argue
with America. It's a big nuclear power and a compromise should exist."
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Lennihan, Associated Press; Women choose stockings for sale in a
Brighton Beach clothing store in the Brooklyn borough of New York. Most
Russian-speaking expatriates interviewed by the Associated Press this past week
in New York City's heavily Russian enclaves shrug off accusations that Kremlin
hacking helped sway the presidential election to Donald Trump.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Niagara Falls Review
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          February 29, 2012 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

A voice for the disenfranchised; Social activist helped sway the city's position
on social housing, revitalizing the Woodward's building complex

BYLINE: Jeff Lee, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WESTCOAST NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 774  words


Jim Green, the gruff, gravelly voiced former city councillor who made it his
life's work to act for disenfranchised and marginalized residents of Vancouver,
died early Tuesday morning. He was 68.

Green used his deep and abiding social activism to sway the city's development
over the last four decades, first as an organizer for the Downtown Eastside
Residents Association and later as a politician and social housing developer.

His accomplishments run from the revitalized Woodward's building complex to
efforts to teach at-risk native youth about their heritage to break the cycle of
drug and alcohol abuse.

"Jim was a great doer, a builder. He liked taking ideas, challenging ideas, and
building things that would help people's lives," said Vancouver East MP Libby
Davies, who with Jean Swanson first hired him as an organizer at DERA in 1980.
"He was a man of big ideas in a city that could use them."

Green was presented with the Freedom of the City, Vancouver's highest award for
civic contributions, on Sunday during a private celebration of his life where he
was feted by longtime friends.

Green, who died of advanced lung cancer, was aware of his condition; when Mayor
Gregor Robertson told him the Freedom of the City award came with free parking,
his last public words were: "Is it transferable?" Green told the invitation only
group that he was proud of what his city had become.

"I find this to be a remarkable, remarkable place where people can take all
kinds of bad ideas and somehow have them turn around," he told the group at the
East Vancouver Cultural Centre.

"We were told for decades that you could not mix social housing with market
housing, that it could not work, would not work. Look at Woodward's. People are
coming from all over the world to see something we were told was impossible."

In a statement, Robertson said Green's record "was one of consistent and
tireless activism for social justice, democracy, the arts and the shaping of a
fair, inclusive and sustainable city.

Born into a poor military family in Birmingham, Ala., on May 25, 1943, Green
suffered under an abusive and alcoholic father who moved the family around a
lot.

"Thank God I had a dysfunctional family because if I'd had a loving, caring
family, I probably would have been left in South Carolina surrounded by bigotry
and be part of it myself," he told a reporter in 2005.

In 1968, facing the Vietnam draft, Green broke with his family and moved to
Vancouver. It was a seminal moment in his life, but it also cost him. His
brother, a Vietnam vet, refused to talk to him for more than 20 years.

But even before he arrived in Vancouver, Green was developing an activist
streak.

He first began registering black voters in the American South just as
desegregation was moving forward. He organized for the United Farmworkers in
Colorado, and after arriving in Vancouver worked as a union shop steward during
his years as a longshoreman on the docks. The entrenched political
discrimination against the Canadian Seamen's Union led him to write a massive
history of the union in 1980.

Green rose up with a number of other activists in the Downtown Eastside,
including Davies, her husband Bruce Eriksen, lawyer Harry Rankin and MLA Emery
Barnes. All but Davies are gone now. His strong political views, particularly
about the state of housing and poverty in the Downtown Eastside, made him both a
hero and a target.

"Jim was a tremendous man who taught me a lot about serving the city," said
Coun. Heather Deal. "He was hugely active in the arts, he cared about his fellow
man, and he didn't believe in doing anything by half measure."

Former premier Gordon Campbell, a legendary political foe who twice defeated
Green at the polling booth and differed with him on many issues, called him "a
great defender of and contributor to the city he loved.

"One thing you could say about him was that he believed in what he did and he
never let you forget that," Campbell said in a telephone call from London, where
he is Canada's High Commissioner.

Campbell defeated Green in a run for the mayor's chair in 1990 and for the
provincial seat of Point Grey in 1996.

After Green left DERA in 1992, he worked as a community developer for the New
Democratic Party government. In 1994, he helped found Bladerunners, a youth
empowerment and employment program that targets at-risk youth. He later turned
his efforts full-time to building more social housing, and most recently was
working with the Holborn Group on the massive redevelopment at Little Mountain.

Funeral service arrangements have yet to be finalized.

jefflee@vancouversun.com

Twitter.com/sunciviclee

Blog: vancouversun.com/jefflee

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Steve Bosch,  PNG Files; Jim Green, shown here on an Aquabus, helped
at-risk native youth learn about their heritage.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            August 12, 2008 Tuesday

Group raises $4,000 to fight Bos' dairy

BYLINE: BEKAH PORTER TH staff writer/bporter@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 444 words


NORA, Ill. - They want to get the job done.

But members of the nonprofit organization Helping Others Maintain Environmental
Standards know work, money and a strong public presence are required to thwart a
proposed 10,000-cow dairy operation near Nora.

So they keep at it.

They raise the money. They show up when they should, and they keep trying to put
their voice out there.

But is it working?

On Aug. 5, about 100 community members attended a meal and silent auction that
raised more than $4,000 for continuing operational fees.

On two separate occasions, the group members have packed the Jo Daviess County
Courthouse to show their support for an injunction that would halt construction
on the site owned by California businessman A.J. Bos.

And, as always, the group asks everyone who is willing to keep making the calls.

"The legislators, both locally and in Springfield, have to know how disruptive
these industrial-sized facilities are to the local economy, family farmers and
the health and welfare of the residents," said Matthew Alschuler, one of the
group's members.

State Rep. Jim Sacia, R-Pecatonica, said he receives almost 10 calls per week
from opponents to the dairy.

"I certainly have received letters and expressions of how I could be such a fool
to support the dairy," he said.

Sacia opted to support the dairy after visits to other large dairies owned by
Bos, and he said that "doing his homework" helped him know where he should
stand. When asked how much public sway alters that opinion, he said, "I believe
in that old saying: Right is right, even when most people think it's wrong, and
wrong is wrong, even when most people think it's right."

He has noticed an increase in constituents seeking him out over this issue.
Sacia said he receives 50 calls in support of the dairy to every 10 against.

"This is a very polarizing issue," he said. "You can talk about abortion easier
than you can the dairy."

State Sen. Tim Bivins, R-Dixon, said he has received far less input from the
public - about five e-mails and five phone calls total.

Office members for Rep. Don Manzullo, R-Ill., said they have received a
"handful" of calls.

"We've not received many at all," said his press secretary, Rich Carter. "I
think people recognize that it is a public issue."

However, Alschuler said he wants HOMES' sway to make a difference in the coming
months by influencing its legislators. He said those participating in the
fundraiser agreed.

"Many of those that attended were upset that our current elected officials -
except for the 11 county board members that voted against this - were so in
favor of the project and were ignoring the wishes of their constituents," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             June 15, 1996 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

12 District defenders hoped to sway wavering justices

BYLINE: ERNIE SUGGS The Herald-Sun

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 396 words


When he went to Washington on Dec. 5 to help defend the redistricting plan that
created North Carolina's black-majority 12th District, Julius Chambers knew the
battle was for more than the law.

It was for the hearts and minds of two U.S. Supreme Court justices seen as
straddling the fence on the case, Chambers said Friday. The strategy was to sway
Clarence Thomas and Antonin Scalia.

It failed. Thomas and Scalia voted with the five-member court majority Thursday
that rejected the redistricting plan in a case brought by five Durham residents.

``I think all of us went in knowing that five members of the court had a
different view than we had,'' said Chambers, chancellor of N.C. Central
University and former director-counsel of the NAACP Legal Defense and
Educational Fund. ``It just wasn't clear how solid those views were.''

Chambers joined U.S. Deputy Solicitor Paul Bender and state Deputy Attorney
General Edwin Speas in defending the redistricting plan before the nation's
highest court.

For Chambers, it was familiar turf. As a civil-rights lawyer, he had stood
before the Supreme Court about 10 previous times.

Chambers said Friday that Thursday's ruling disappointed him.

``It reflects a court that seems to ignore history and the present,'' he said in
a telephone interview from a meeting in New Jersey. ``It also reflects the fact
that we don't want to deal with the issue of race. We like to assume that we
have solved all of our problems, but we haven't.''

Chambers said he and his colleagues knew all along that Chief Justice William
Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony Kennedy weren't likely to
be swayed by pro-redistricting arguments.

``Thomas and Scalia were perhaps less committed,'' Chambers said.

Jeffrey Elliot, an NCCU political scientist who has written extensively about
the Supreme Court, said he wasn't surprised by how Thomas and Scalia voted. But
he said there were reasonable grounds to think they might have voted
differently.

``Scalia and Thomas were wild cards in a sense that one might have anticipated
them voting the other way, although they both represent solid conservative views
and often vote together,'' Elliot said.

Of the two, he said, Scalia would have been more likely to support the
redistricting because of his reputation as an independent thinker. Thomas, he
said, takes a harder line and often votes with Rehnquist.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: CHAMBERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1996 The Durham Herald Co.


                              743 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             March 26, 2007 Monday
                                  City Edition

QUINCY JAMBOREE;
Group led by Norwell man keeps the sound alive;
150 fans flock to hear accordion melodies

BYLINE: KAITLIN KEANE, The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: News; pg. ONE10

LENGTH: 500 words


QUINCY

For Mary Raymer, an afternoon spent among accordion players means reliving the
music that has been the soundtrack to much of her life. The daughter of a Polish
accordion player, Raymer grew up listening to the polkas, tangos and melodies
streaming from her father's button-style Hoener accordion.

Years later, she fell for a musician with similar taste. Her late husband,
William "Lefty" Raymer, was an English-born Quincy resident who played the same
model accordion. He taught himself to play tunes by ear when he was a child.

"He played and smiled and just loved it all," said Raymer, a retired Quincy
public health nurse who now lives in Weymouth. "I was really lucky."

Raymer was among more than 150 fans who showed up yesterday for an accordion
show put on by Swing and Sway the Accordion Way, an accordion ensemble led by
Norwell resident Nils Lundin.

The accordion jamboree, held at the Masonic Temple in Quincy, raised money for
Huntington Disease Society of America.

Lundin, 85, who was born in Sweden, has been playing the accordion since he was
a boy growing up in Houghs Neck. Since he organized the group 45 years ago, the
membership has fluctuated as the instrument's popularity waned with the rise of
rock 'n' roll, he said.

"Gradually the accordion just died out," said Lundin, who was barely able to get
a small group of players together a decade ago. "Slowly, but surely, we brought
it back."

Today the group - jokingly called "Sving and Svay," as most of the group's
Scandinavian members pronounce it - has about 30 members ranging in age from 12
to 85. Lundin is the oldest.

While the instrument has typically been overlooked by younger musicians in
recent decades, two of the group's members have proved that its appeal is not
lost among the younger generation.

Brent Buswell, 25, of Vermont, who is blind, has released three albums of his
accordion music since meeting Lundin more than a decade ago. Buswell initially
shocked members of the group with his ability to learn songs in record time
without reading music, and has continued his career since graduating from the
Berklee College of Music in 2003.

"He's like a sponge - he'll absorb everything from Russian to Irish, Cajun to
jazz," Lundin said. "He kind of puts the rest of us to shame."

The youngest player onstage, Kassandra Knoff, 12, of Nashua, N.H., has been
playing the accordion for half her life. Yesterday she performed "Wooden Shoe
Polka," a piece written by Lundin.

During the last five years, the group has performed three concerts to raise
money for various causes, including local hospitals and for victims of Hurricane
Katrina.

This year the proceeds will benefit research into Huntington's disease, a
degenerative brain disorder for which there is no effective treatment or cure.
The cause hits close to home for Lundin, who has lost three family members to
the little-known disease.

The group raised nearly $2,000 for the cause at this year's concert, Lundin
said.

Kaitlin Keane may be reached at kkeane@ledger.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Nils Lundin of Norwell, leader of Swing and Sway the Accordion Way,
plays during a show yesterday at the Masonic Temple in Quincy. Lundin, 85, has
been playing the accordion since he was a boy growing up in the Houghs Neck
section of Quincy., JEFF LOUGHLIN photos/The Patriot Ledger

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Patriot Ledger


                              744 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            October 24, 2008 Friday

Ridge Stumps For Mccain;
Former Governor Seeks To Sway Mayor Gray, Among Others

BYLINE: Dave Pidgeon

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 516  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


The Straight Talk Express bus pulled up to a Lancaster city curb beneath a
building whose windows were decorated with Barack Obama campaign signs.

"It's a 'We're Not Bitter' tour!" said former Gov. Tom Ridge, stepping off the
bus to the welcome of a local GOP delegation.

Ridge swung through Lancaster County on Thursday afternoon on behalf of
Republican presidential candidate John McCain, speaking with shop owners in the
first block of North Queen Street and with shop patrons and seniors at Willow
Valley about McCain's attributes and Obama's shortcomings.

His appearance was part of an ongoing effort to sway Pennsylvania and its 21
electoral votes into McCain's column. Most observers say McCain faces an uphill
fight in the state. He trails in the polls, often by double digits, and faces a
Democratic advantage of more than 1 million in registered voters.

Nonetheless, amid cinnamon loaves at Ric's Bread and dress shoes at TMB, Ridge
claimed that internal Republican polls suggest the race is much closer than the
independent surveys indicate.

A playful Ridge joked with shop owners and customers. He pointed to some women's
luggage sitting by 69-year-old Howard Hostin of New Jersey and asked with a
chuckle, "That lovely thing yours?"

Hostin said even before meeting Ridge he had been supporting McCain because
Obama's tax cut plans would "redistribute the wealth."

At Cross Keys Coffee & Teas, Ridge had a jovial encounter with Mayor Rick Gray,
a Democrat and Obama supporter.

"I know it's too late, but not for McCain," Ridge said, laughing. The bow-tied,
warmly-dressed mayor grinned and responded: "I'm voting for a winner, I'm
sorry."

"Well, tell your independent-thinking Democratic friends to vote for McCain,"
Ridge said.

Ridge said McCain is actually within four or five percentage points of Obama, a
margin he "could live with" just 10 days before the election. He said he
believes Democrats in western Pennsylvania will break for McCain "not because
they're racists or rednecks but because they're values voters. They're
pro-military and pro-gun."

Those votes could put McCain over the top in Pennsylvania, Ridge said.

Rep. John Murtha, a western Pennsylvania Democrat, drew headlines earlier this
month for saying some of his western Pennsylvania constituents are racist and
reluctant to vote for Obama. However, state Republican sources contacted
Thursday said Obama's race appeared to be playing only a small role, if any, in
their poll results.

Those sources, who did not want to be named because they were speaking about
internal polling, said white voters, Catholics and conservative Democrats in
northeastern and western Pennsylvania remain put off by Obama's "bitter"
comments from the spring and his eventual nomination over Hillary Clinton.

Ridge's bus tour continues today in Carlisle, Chambersburg, Gettysburg and
Hanover.

In other campaign developments, it was announced that McCain and running mate
Sarah Palin will appear at the Hershey Giant Center at 9 a.m. Tuesday. Doors
open at 7 a.m.

Tickets are free and available at the local GOP headquarters starting today at 9
a.m.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lancaster Newspapers Lancaster Mayor Rick Gray, Left, Shares A Laugh
With Former Gov. Tom Ridge, Who Was In Lancaster On Thursday Campaigning For
Sen. John Mccain, Inside Cross Keys Coffee & Teas. Blaine T. Shahan

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              745 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Idaho Falls Post Register

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday

Letter to the editor: Electoral college

LENGTH: 254 words

DATELINE: Idaho Falls, ID


Electoral college

Received Nov. 15

I believe the reason we have the electoral college is the same reason we have
both the House of Representatives and the Senate.

If Congress only consisted of the House then only the laws with the backing of
the populous areas would get passed. If you look at a population map by county,
you'll see that much of the nation's population is in a very small area - mere
pockets, if you will. If they were against something, even the backing of all
the other areas might not be enough. The urban centers could rule on issues.
That's not very representative, even though everyone gets a voice.

The counter-balance to this is the Senate where every state gets the exact same
representation. That way even if the House is being run by the big-city
interests, a law has to also pass the Senate where the rest of the states have
as much sway as the populous ones.

Likewise, with the electoral college, it allows the smaller or sparser states to
have more sway than their mere population would allow. With just a popular vote,
candidates would only visit the urban centers and cater to their vote, largely
ignoring the rest of the country because their numbers won't get him/her
elected. Assigning electors based on their numbers in Congress does give more
votes to the populous states, yet it won't be enough to win without the support
of many other states, thus ensuring more broad representation of the country.

(Word count: 247)

NOVA McCLURG

Ammon

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily Variety

                             August 8, 2006 Tuesday

Nightmare Man

BYLINE: ROBERT KOEHLER

SECTION: REVIEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 497 words


A Valkhn Films release and presentation in association with Paradigm Films.
Produced by Rolfe Kanesky, Frederico Lapenda, Esther Goodstein, Victor
Kanefsky. Executive producer, Alice Glenn.
   Directed, written by Rolfe Kanesky. Camera (color, DV), Paul Deng; editors,
Victor Kanefsky, George Panos; music, Christopher Farrell; art director, Ann
Nord; costume designer, Stacy Owens; makeup/hair, Hedvig Kacser; sound, Olivier
Virmont  ; supervising sound editors, George Panos, Roman Hankewycz; visual
effects supervisor, Al Magliochetti; special effects supervisor, Chris
Bergschneider; visual effects, Eye Candy; special effects makeup designer, Jeff
Farley; stunt coordinator, Aaron Sherry; fight choreographer, Sherry; assistant
director, Kirsten Wagner. Reviewed at Wilshire screening room, Beverly Hills,
July 26, 2006. Running time: 90 MIN.

   With: Tiffany Shepis, Blythe Metz, Hanna Putnam, James Ferris, Jack Sway,
Luciano Szafir, Aaron Sherry, Richard Moll.

  The monster that a married woman imagines becomes a tad more real than anyone
bargains for in horror specialist Rolfe Kanefsky's boobs n' scares trash horror
outing, "Nightmare Man." If there were a 99 Cents Store for movies, cheapo pic
--- designed more for lonely male geeks in their teens and above than the date
crowd ---  would fit nicely on the shelves. Rather than screening as a midnight
item, self-distribbed "flick" (as Kanefsky bills it in credits) is four-walling
at Laemmle's Sunset Five in Los Angeles starting Aug. 4 in hopes of a
multi-city breakout prior to joining other profitable vid spooks.
   After receiving an exotic mask decor item in a shipment, Ellen (Blythe Metz)
is perpetually visited in her nightmares by a horned chap whose face resembles
the demon-like mask. Convinced that she's nuts, husband Bill (Luciano Szafir)
decides to commit her to a mental hospital, but as he drives her through the
woods, they run of out of gas. Ellen stays alone in the car as Bill treks to
the nearest gas station, and, sure enough, Nightmare Man (Aaron Sherry) appears
and attacks her.
   A ridiculous fight in the woods ends up with them being near a cabin where
Mia (Tiffany Shepis) is hosting pals Trinity (Hanna Putnam),  Jack (James
Ferris) and Ed (Jack Sway) for a bit of weekend truth or dare.
   Final twist may be less predictable than what comes before, but it certainly
gets to have it both ways by trading psychological for supernatural horror
that's no more or less credible than anything else in this silly programmer.
   In a bow to '60s and '70s trash-o-ramas and to Troma pics, no gal appears
onscreen very long before she gets (at least partially) naked, perfs are either
absurdly stiff or over-the-top, and effects and makeup look like they were made
in someone's garage. Unlike pics of yore shot on film, Paul Deng's digital
lensing is dreadful during nighttime scenes --- comprising about 95% of the
running time.
Note: Originally ran in the August 7, 2006 Los Angeles edition.






LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                    RECIPIENT: Hostelling International USA
                               DONOR: Brian Sway


                        LAST UPDATED: February 16, 2017
                              DONATION YEAR: 2016

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD 25 - 49

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Hostelling International USA
TAXCODE:  13-5639689
URL:  http://www.hiusa.org
LOCATION:  Silver Spring, MD, 20910
CATEGORY:  Foreign Affairs and National Security

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Brian Sway
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017


                              748 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                               May 9, 2014 Friday
                                  SA36 Edition

Sisters behind Veracruz trailers are opening restaurant

BYLINE: Matthew Odam American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: A360; Pg. T7

LENGTH: 598 words


Sisters Maritza and Reyna Vazquez's Veracruz All Natural at 1704 E. Cesar Chavez
St. turns out some of the best tacos of any trailer in Austin. (The migas is
currently my favorite taco in town.) Soon, they'll be serving some of the best
tacos from any restaurant in town. The sisters plan to open a Veracruz All
Natural brick-and-mortar restaurant at 2301 E. Cesar Chavez St. in East Austin
later this year. The restaurant, which will have a juice bar and serve some
entrees in addition to its roster of tacos, will be open from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m.
daily.

The Veracruz, Mexico, natives opened their flagship trailer, situated between a
store that sells piñatas and the cocktail bar Weather Up, in 2009, and a second
trailer in the trailer food court at East Sixth and Waller streets in 2011. The
second trailer moved to the parking lot of the Grackle earlier this year. The
sisters, who moved to Austin from Veracruz in 1989, got their start in East
Austin with a fruit and sno-cone stand in 2008. Both trailers will remain open
in some capacity once the restaurant opens.

Now open

Juiceland opened its eighth location in the Village at Westlake Hills shopping
center at 701 S. Loop 360. The store joins local burger titan P. Terry's, and
the center will soon welcome beloved Austin businesses Tacodeli and Kerbey Lane.
Juiceland's new location will offer the same menu of juices, smoothies,
grab-and-go vegetarian meals and juice cleanses.

Food Network's "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives" alumnus Jason Boso has opened a
location of his Dallas-based Twisted Root Burger Co. chain at 510 W. 26th St.
The restaurant near the University of Texas serves various all-natural burgers,
fries and shakes (along with gluten-free options), and features velvet pop art
paintings of Longhorn greats Vince Young and Mack Brown.

On the move

Carillon pastry chef Plinio Sandalio will leave the restaurant at the AT&T
Executive Education and Conference Center and return to Houston, the restaurant
announced last week. His last day at the upscale restaurant was a week ago. The
imaginative Bolivian-born chef is moving to Houston to take a job at the JW
Marriott and be closer to his family. Sandalio moved to Houston with his family
as a child and returned years later to study at the Art Institute of Houston.

Sandalio, who received a James Beard award nomination for Best Pastry Chef in
2010, arrived at the Carillon from chef David Bull's Congress and previously
worked in Houston restaurants Rickshaw, Soma, Noe, Gravitas and Textile.

Change in protocol

You can now order take-away from one of the city's best restaurants. Sway (1417
S. First St.) has launched takeout ordering exclusively via its website. Orders
will be ready in about 30 minutes and can be picked up at the back bar. Sway
also will offer free parking spots specifically for takeout customers.

Sway owner Jesse Herman says they have received strong demand for the service
since opening, but the restaurant needed to build a logistical platform while
not interrupting the dine-in experience.

Feed Me

Reader Maribel M. wrote to me on Twitter: "Looking for place to eat after my
graduation... Needs to fit a party of 20-25... Preference toward Mexican or
Italian cuisine, average about $15-$20/plate."

My recommendations, some of which stress the price point and all of which need
advance notice: Azul Tequila, El Naranjo, Matt's El Rancho, Siena Ristorante
Toscana, Due Forni, Andiamo Ristorante, Olive & June.

Need a restaurant recommendation or dining tips? Email me at modam@statesman.com
or call me at 512-912-5986.

Contact Matthew Odam at 512-912-5986.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 13, 2015 Monday

FLORIDA:Free Concert: Jeff Glickman & The Panhandle Allstars

LENGTH: 507  words

DATELINE: Destin


Destin Area Chamber of Commerce Florida has issued the following news release:
Free Concert: Jeff Glickman & The Panhandle Allstars
Thursday, April 16, 2015 6:00 PM
WSRE
1000 College Blvd.
Pensacola, FL 32504

WSRE, PBS for the Gulf Coast, will record the seventh season of
"StudioAmped"--the televised concert series featuring regional bands and their
original music--at the Jean & Paul Amos Performance Studio for two weeks
beginning April 7. Eight performances will be recorded live before studio
audiences. The concerts are open to the public, free of charge.

"We're committed to showcasing local musicians and only original music," said
Executive Producer Bill Harrell. "With free admission and a great lineup of
artists, it's a super deal for local music fans. We're making live TV, and we
want them to be a part of it."

This year's featured bands include Lauren Kay, Noiseheads and Jeff Glickman &
The Panhandle Allstars from Pensacola; W.B. and The Geezers from Navarre; Dismal
Creek from Santa Rosa Beach; Continuum from Destin; Sway Jah Vu from
Tallahassee; and Willie Sugarcapps from Baldwin County, Ala.

Performances are scheduled as follows:

Tuesday, April 7

Dismal Creek--a four-piece bluegrass band known for their lively stage presence
and commitment to the formal Southern style of the genre's forefathers.
dismalcreek.com

Wednesday, April 8

Lauren Kay--Americana blues with Southern roots describes the music of Lauren
Kay, who released her debut album in January. laurenkaymusic.com

Thursday, April 9

Noiseheads--The alternative band will perform an "unplugged" version of "1994,"
which has appeared on AlternativeNation.net's Top 10 Albums list.
noiseheads.bandcamp.com

Friday, April 10

W.B. & The Geezers--an eclectic country band who writes, plays and sings with
experience and heart, producing both serious and satirical lyrics.
wbandthegeezers.bandzoogle.com/home

Monday, April 13

Willie Sugarcapps--an organic, artisanal collaboration who has produced
impeccably crafted songs of country Zen sentiment with a varied instrumental
mix. williesugarcapps.com

Tuesday, April 14

Continuum--an indie pop band composed of four distinct musicians, combining
elements of acoustic folk, contemporary pop, indie rock and classical.
continuumsound.com

Wednesday, April 15

Sway Jah Vu--a reggae fusion band who produces distinct acoustic reggae-rock
sounds blending soul, jazz and funk. swayjahvu.com

Thursday, April 16

Jeff Glickman & The Panhandle Allstars--an ensemble of accomplished musicians
who describes their bluesy-rock, slice-of-life music as lyrical, funny and
slightly unsettling. reverbnation.com/jeffglickmanandthepanhandleallstars

Admission is free; however, donations of food for MANNA Food Pantries are
encouraged. Each concert begins at 7 p.m.; doors open at 6 p.m.

"StudioAmped" Season 7 will premiere at a later date as part of WSRE's primetime
programming lineup. Visit wsre.org/studioamped and follow StudioAmped on social
media to learn more.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 13, 2015 Monday

FLORIDA:Free Concert: Continuum

LENGTH: 502  words

DATELINE: Destin


Destin Area Chamber of Commerce Florida has issued the following news release:

Free Concert: Continuum
Tuesday, April 14, 2015 6:00 PM
WSRE
1000 College Blvd.
Pensacola, FL 32504

WSRE, PBS for the Gulf Coast, will record the seventh season of
"StudioAmped"--the televised concert series featuring regional bands and their
original music--at the Jean & Paul Amos Performance Studio for two weeks
beginning April 7. Eight performances will be recorded live before studio
audiences. The concerts are open to the public, free of charge.

"We're committed to showcasing local musicians and only original music," said
Executive Producer Bill Harrell. "With free admission and a great lineup of
artists, it's a super deal for local music fans. We're making live TV, and we
want them to be a part of it."

This year's featured bands include Lauren Kay, Noiseheads and Jeff Glickman &
The Panhandle Allstars from Pensacola; W.B. and The Geezers from Navarre; Dismal
Creek from Santa Rosa Beach; Continuum from Destin; Sway Jah Vu from
Tallahassee; and Willie Sugarcapps from Baldwin County, Ala.

Performances are scheduled as follows:

Tuesday, April 7

Dismal Creek--a four-piece bluegrass band known for their lively stage presence
and commitment to the formal Southern style of the genre's forefathers.
dismalcreek.com

Wednesday, April 8

Lauren Kay--Americana blues with Southern roots describes the music of Lauren
Kay, who released her debut album in January. laurenkaymusic.com

Thursday, April 9

Noiseheads--The alternative band will perform an "unplugged" version of "1994,"
which has appeared on AlternativeNation.net's Top 10 Albums list.
noiseheads.bandcamp.com

Friday, April 10

W.B. & The Geezers--an eclectic country band who writes, plays and sings with
experience and heart, producing both serious and satirical lyrics.
wbandthegeezers.bandzoogle.com/home

Monday, April 13

Willie Sugarcapps--an organic, artisanal collaboration who has produced
impeccably crafted songs of country Zen sentiment with a varied instrumental
mix. williesugarcapps.com

Tuesday, April 14

Continuum--an indie pop band composed of four distinct musicians, combining
elements of acoustic folk, contemporary pop, indie rock and classical.
continuumsound.com

Wednesday, April 15

Sway Jah Vu--a reggae fusion band who produces distinct acoustic reggae-rock
sounds blending soul, jazz and funk. swayjahvu.com

Thursday, April 16

Jeff Glickman & The Panhandle Allstars--an ensemble of accomplished musicians
who describes their bluesy-rock, slice-of-life music as lyrical, funny and
slightly unsettling. reverbnation.com/jeffglickmanandthepanhandleallstars

Admission is free; however, donations of food for MANNA Food Pantries are
encouraged. Each concert begins at 7 p.m.; doors open at 6 p.m.

"StudioAmped" Season 7 will premiere at a later date as part of WSRE's primetime
programming lineup. Visit wsre.org/studioamped and follow StudioAmped on social
media to learn more.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                          September 10, 2011 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

uake shakes up regions of B.C.; No damage or injuries reported

BYLINE: Postmedia News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C12

LENGTH: 438  words


Many regions of British Columbia were shaken Friday afternoon by a magnitude 6.4
earthquake that struck off the coast of Vancouver Island.

While no tsunami warning was triggered by the quake, a geophysicist with the
U.S. Geological Survey said damage is possible in many B.C. regions.

"It's been felt pretty widely - we have reports of it being felt in Vancouver,
Victoria and even in Seattle," said Paul Caruso. "In the north, it's been felt
as far as Port Hardy.

"We don't have any reports of damage yet, but we would probably expect to see
some damage - especially for anybody living on the central-west coast of
Vancouver Island."

Caruso said the earthquake, which occurred just after 12: 40 p.m. local time,
was centred about 280 kilometres west of Vancouver and about 25 kilometres
beneath the seabed.

He said people in Campbell River, on Vancouver Island, would have felt the quake
also because it was centred about 135 kilometres west of that city.

No tsunami warning was issued, Caruso said, because "the magnitude of the quake
isn't big enough to generate a tsunami by itself."

Regardless, he said some residents will be affected by the earthquake.

"People might experience - if they're near the epicentre on the west coast of
the island - they might have some damage, with things falling off shelves and
cracked foundations," Caruso said. "As far as the mainland, we would probably
expect to see very minor damage. People would probably see their chandeliers
swinging back and forth and feeling a little bit of shaking."

There were no immediate signs of damage in downtown Vancouver, although lights
swayed for a half-minute when the quake struck.

The earthquake shook buildings in the tiny Vancouver Island community of
Zeballos, but there appeared to be no damage and there were no injuries.

The power went down but came back quickly, said Arlene Coburn, a 38-year
resident of the remote west coast community.

Coburn was at the school when the earthquake hit. She said it felt like the
whole building was going to topple over, but nothing fell off the walls.

"One big one, and a little tremor, and that was it," she said. "It gave [the
school] a good sway."

Brent Ward, a professor in Simon Fraser University's department of earth
sciences, said people were more likely to feel the quake if they were in tall
buildings because of the sway.

He said it was one of the biggest quakes experienced on the west coast, with the
last one in Washington State.

"Six point seven [the quake's originally estimated magnitude] is nothing to
sneeze at," he said. "You think of the earthquake in Haiti and it was about the
same but it was shallow."

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Sources: N.Y. felon tried to sway trial

BYLINE:  By Lawrence Mower     Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 610 words

DATELINE: WEST PALM BEACH


In a case already sensitive to jury problems, a text from a New York felon
threatened last week to be the latest incident to disrupt John Goodman's DUI
manslaughter trial.

James D. Perron is being held without bail in Albany, N.Y., on accusations that
he tried to extort either Goodman or his friends, according to individuals close
to the case who spoke on the condition they not be identified.

Perron, 48, sent a text to polo player Kris Kampsen, a Goodman friend who
testified at the trial, and offered to contact a member of the jury to sway the
case in Goodman's favor in exchange for cash. Kampsen called 911 immediately
after receiving the text, which sparked an investigation, the sources said.

They called Perron an "opportunist" with no apparent ties to the jurors, who
were selected in Tampa and brought to West Palm Beach for Goodman's trial. They
were sequestered at an undisclosed Palm Beach County hotel, and their names were
not made public during the trial.

The six-member jury deliberated for four hours Tuesday before finding Goodman
guilty on all counts.

Perron was arrested Sunday and held as a fugitive from justice out of Palm Beach
County. On Tuesday, the Vermont native waived an extradition hearing and is next
scheduled to appear in a New York courtroom Nov. 12.

How Perron knew about the case and how he contacted Kampsen is unclear.
Goodman's retrial has received national attention. Kampsen, who figured
prominently as the owner of the "man cave" where Goodman said he chugged alcohol
after the crash, couldn't be reached for comment.

Palm Beach County Chief Circuit Judge Jeffrey Colbath pulled all of the Goodman
attorneys into his chambers Thursday morning and told them of the situation,
sources said. The jury was never told.

The jury convicted Goodman after 14 days of testimony in the February 2010 death
of Scott Wilson, who drowned in a canal after Goodman sped through a rural
Wellington stop sign and struck Wilson's Hyundai Sonata with his Bentley
convertible.

But the conviction came only after a slew of jury problems.

Goodman was first convicted in 2012, but that case was thrown out for juror
misconduct. During jury selection for this trial, one juror was arrested for
looking up information in the case, against the judge's orders. And a
sequestered alternate juror from Tampa told court officials after the first day
of testimony that bystanders heckled her while she stood on the balcony of her
hotel.

Perron is a felon who spent 15 years in a New York prison for choking a woman in
1988. He was facing charges of stealing $50,000 from an elderly couple before
his arrest this week.

In the 1988 case, he originally was found guilty of attempted murder, rape and
sodomy after a 21-year-old woman was found unconscious behind an upstate New
York bar. But the conviction was overturned when an appeals court ruled his
attorney inadequately represented him, according to a Glens Falls (N.Y.)
Post-Star report.

He pleaded guilty to attempted second-degree murder and was released from prison
in 2005.

In May, he was arrested on allegations that he stole $50,000 from an elderly
Scarsdale, N.Y., couple while working as a contractor and handyman, according to
the (N.Y.) Journal News . He was charged with second-degree grand larceny, a
felony.

"Evidently he has a history of doing this," Westchester County District Attorney
spokesman Lucian Chalfen said Tuesday.

Perron has not been indicted, however. A grand jury is set to hear the case next
month. It's unclear how his arrest Sunday could affect that case.

Staff writers Daphne Duret and Jane Musgrave and staff researcher Melanie Mena
contributed to this story. lmower@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                December 17, 1994 Saturday MORNING FINAL EDITION

CONSULTANT GETS 6 MONTHS IN JAIL NO PRISON: THE DEFENDANT SOUGHT TO SWAY THE
JUDGE WITH A REPENTANT LETTER.

BYLINE: SANDRA GONZALES, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 867 words


Longtime San Jose campaign guru Roger Lee, who took a humbling fall after
pleading guilty to selling "crack" cocaine, avoided a state prison sentence
Friday when a judge instead sentenced him to six months in county jail.

Lee, 41, had sought to sway Santa Clara County Superior Court Judge David Leahy
against imposing a prison term, writing the judge a lengthy letter in which he
contritely admitted his guilt and described his efforts at rehabilitation.

Several of Lee's friends and former political associates -- including
Assemblyman John Vasconcellos and former San Jose mayors Tom McEnery and Janet
Gray Hayes -- also wrote letters urging leniency.

Lee, the former political campaign strategist for three San Jose mayors, faced a
maximum of nine years in prison for selling crack cocaine to an undercover cop
in March. Prosecutors wanted Lee to serve a minimum of four years in state
prison, where conditions are generally tougher than in county jail.

"He's a crack dealer. Crack dealers should go to prison," said Deputy District
Attorney James Cahan, who said he felt insulted by the letters urging leniency.

Leahy, however, said he was giving the defendant no special treatment. In
choosing a county jail sentence, the judge agreed with the probation
department's recommendation that jail was more suitable for Lee, who has been
living voluntarily in a drug treatment home since July.

"As far as I'm concerned, you are a human being who has screwed up," said Leahy,
who noted the notoriety Lee had received following his arrest.

Considering the circumstances of Lee's case, Cahan said the sentence was unusual
but not unheard-of. State law calls for prison sentences for crack dealers but
also gives the court discretion to consider probation under unusual
circumstances, which Leahy found in Lee's case.

Lee will be eligible for work furlough in March, after he completes his current
drug treatment program. He also must serve three years' probation and complete a
six-month residential drug program.

Defense attorney Philip Pennypacker said he was satisfied with the sentence: "He
deserved it . . . because of the hard work he did (at rehabilitation)."

Pleaded guilty to charges

Lee pleaded guilty in October to three counts of selling crack cocaine -- a
total of less than one gram -- and one count of offering a plainclothes police
officer nine rocks of cocaine for sale in March. Lee has no previous criminal
convictions.

At the time of his arrest, Lee had been rooming with Anthony Jackson, who has
also pleaded guilty to selling crack cocaine and has previous drug convictions.
Leahy ordered Jackson to undergo psychological testing before sentencing but
said he was leaning toward a prison sentence for Jackson.

In an interview after the hearing, Lee described how he had tried to change his
life after his arrest.

"I've worked really hard to come to terms with the disease of my addiction,"
said Lee, who provided the Mercury News with his written appeal to the judge and
also wrote an open letter to the news media. He stressed that his dealing was
confined to a small circle of friends and that it was primarily a way to raise
money for his own drug habit.

"I'd like the people to understand, I'm not making excuses for what I've done.
On the other hand I was not on the street corner selling drugs."

Lee, who said his addiction had left him broke at the time of his arrest, also
thanked friends and associates -- many of whom contributed to a trust fund to
help pay for drug rehabilitation, medical expenses and other personal
necessities such as a car.

Among his supporters, former mayor Hayes wrote that " . . . putting someone like
Roger in prison would be like caging a mocking bird."

In a separate letter, former mayor McEnery said that although he considered "the
scourge of drugs" to be a plague "destroying the fabric of our society," he
hoped Lee could do "extensive community work."

Cahan said he applauded Lee's efforts at rehabilitation, but added, "It's also
important for our society to know what happens to people who deal with crack
cocaine; we got to stop it. That would have been a better message to send."

Rebuilding his career

Since his arrest, Lee said, he's been rebuilding the consulting career that had
been floundering because of his drug use.

He worked last fall as a subcontractor for other consultants and also formed a
new business to stage ceremonies and other public events.

In his letter to Leahy, Lee tried to explain how his life had gone awry. He
wrote of a gay lifestyle filled with drugs and alcohol, and a cocaine habit that
began during spurts of boredom in between elections.

But it wasn't until the summer of 1992, when he attended the Democratic
Convention in New York City, that Lee says he was introduced to crack cocaine.
He soon became addicted to a $100-a-day habit.

Now, Lee said he hopes to eventually move to Seattle, where he worked on
campaigns in the fall, and go on with the business of rebuilding his life.

"It's going to be a long process," Lee said. "It's going to take time for people
to trust me. I'm going to have to earn that trust and that's what I intend to
do."

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: Lee, the former political campaign strategist for three San Jose mayors,
faced a maximum of nine years in prison for selling 'crack' cocaine to an
undercover cop in March.
941217 LO 1B 1

                     Copyright 1994 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 1, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Ford Recalling About 900,000 Sport Utilities

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section C; Page 2; Column 4; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 385 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 30


The Ford Motor Company is recalling almost 900,000 Explorers and Mercury
Mountaineers to replace faulty parts on the suspension system. Thousands of the
Explorers, the world's best-selling sport utility vehicle, are already under
recall in connection with Firestone tires.

The new recall covers 846,591 Explorers, including the 1995 through 1997 models,
as well as 29,822 Mountaineers from the 1997 model year. The vehicles have sway
bar links that can break off, especially in cold climates. The sway bar connects
arms on the left and right front wheels and helps control the pitch of the
vehicle in turns.

The recall ends an investigation by the government's auto safety agency, the
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, that began on Sept. 20 after an
agency employee having handling problems discovered a broken link on his
vehicle. The employee's dealer told him that he had sold many replacement links
for other drivers with similar problems.

Of 28 Explorers examined at the agency's parking garage at the Transportation
Department, 7, all either 1995 or 1996 models, had repaired or broken links, so
the agency opened an investigation to assess the scope of the problem.

At the time, Ford did not believe it was a safety problem, but further testing
showed it could affect handling and safety, a Ford spokesman, Mike Vaughn, said
today.

"We went back and we decided that, yes, there is a small risk at the extreme
limits," Mr. Vaughn said. "We felt the right thing to do is administer it as a
safety recall."

The safety agency has collected 13 complaints from owners that stability was
reduced during a lane change or turn, especially above 40 miles per hour. Ford
received 262 owner and field reports of the problem, including 2 reports of
minor accidents that may be related, Mr. Vaughn said. Most reports came from New
England and Canada.

Officials say the sway bar problem did not cause tread separations on Firestone
tires that were used on the Explorer. Bridgestone/Firestone Inc., a unit of the
Bridgestone Corporation of Japan, has recalled 6.5 million of its ATX, ATX II
and Wilderness AT tires, which reportedly have been involved in accidents that
have killed at least 119 people and injured more than 500. Most of the accidents
involved the Explorer.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              755 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                              June 6, 1989 Tuesday

LOOKING FOR MR GOOD GUY The new age of commitment and caring

BYLINE: SALLY MACMILLAN; STEPHANIE DALE

LENGTH: 1598 words


The swinging singles scene, a trademark of the late 1970s and early 1980s, has
died to a faint sway. A new attitude, prompted by the AIDS scare and spiralling
costs, is emerging. SALLY MACMILLAN in New York and STEPHANIE DALE in Adelaide
report on how times have changed.

NEW York was once the singles town - but the swinging scene is no more. The
city's people are now very much into "cocooning"

- staying at home with videos, fast-food home-deliveries and locking out the
world.

New York's affair with casual sex, the two-decade adventure launched by the
Pill, has given way to a time of caution and commitment.

Veterans of the revolution - some wounded, some merely bored

- are re-inventing courtship and romance, with the one-night stand definitely
lacking allure.

The buzz words these days are: commitment, intimacy and working at
relationships.

There is talk of pendulum swings, and matters turning a full-circle and a
psychic return to pre-revolutionary days.

No more indicative of the trend is the demise of the Manhattan singles bar.

Mr Goodbar has had his day.

One by one, the once flourishing "dens of iniquity" have vanished from the Upper
East Side.

Peartrees, where bouncers once oversaw queues of singles waiting for elbow room
at the bar, is now an elegant and sedate restaurant.

St John's, where Truman Capote drank shooters, has become a Russian cafe.

Knickers burnt down, and is now a pizza parlor.

Nothing, however, symbolised the death of an era more than when Maxwell's Plum
closed last year. It was the most opulent and perhaps the quintessential singles
bar.

The flamboyant establishment that became a city landmark and tourist drawcard
struggled in its last few years to retain its once thriving clientele.

In its heyday in the late 70s, Maxwell's served about 2000 meals a day in its
stained-glass-ceiling 175-seat rooms and footpath tables.

A "meat rack" singles scene teemed at the bar, drawing regulars and tourists.

It was hotter than hot - a high-class pick-up bar for swinging trendies.

For two decades Maxwell's held sway over scores of imitators.

In the mid-1980s, the sway lost its swing.

In the past few years owner Warner LeRoy has tried new chefs, new decor, but
what made the bar popular in the first place apparently heralded its end.

LeRoy, upset but philosophical, likened its demise to that of an old affair that
had gone on too long, in the end losing all the excitement and adventure.

Nowadays, all along the fabled East Side of Manhattan, the video shops, Korean
vegetable stands, Chinese takeaways and health food delicatessans proliferate.

Burnt-out on bars, the singles of New York are renting videos and going home at
night, joining health and racquet clubs or playing other fields - none of which
could be termed swinging.

Noted psychologist Dr Joyce Brothers says: "The 'swinging singles' days are
over. In a way, singles are practising the mores of their grandparents.

"The AIDS risk has brought about the return of courting," she said.

While the increasing awareness of the deadly disease among heterosexuals is
definitely chilling the New York social scene, many - including those involved
in it - consider it more of a symbol or the capping of a trend that began before
AIDS came to full public attention.

Before the AIDS scare, there was the herpes scare. And even before the herpes
scare, many felt the standards of the highly touted sexual revolution were not
for them.

Casual sex, despite its promised boons, had not lived up to its reputation.

Says sexologist Harvey Caplan: "In a funny sort of way, some people are actually
relieved by the scare.

"It's a good excuse for them to give up a lifestyle that has become
unsatisfying."

New York psychotherapist Nancy Edwards echoes that belief. "AIDS has given
people the excuse they need to do what they wanted to do all along - be more
sexually discriminating."

Looking for love in all the wrong places hasn't worked, but it's not easy
looking for it anywhere else, it seems.

Those involved in the search - a large proportion of the 2.5 million singles in
the city - say that meeting and dating in updated Gotham has become an
increasingly frustrating, expensive and even frightening experience - and one
that is often unsuccessful.

They cite such factors as: expense, with singles caught between tiny, costly
apartments unsuitable for entertaining and clubs and restaurants they cannot
afford; getting ahead in New York requires almost manic attention to work,
leaving little free time; and fear of crime makes people less open to meeting
strangers and governs decisions about when they go out.

NEW YORK, too, is a little different to other cities in America.

In some cities, where one industry dominates, work seems to foster socialising.

In Washington life revolves around the government and in Los Angeles around
movie-making.

In New York there are so many industries that people, in one sociologist's
words, "don't logically come into each other's orbits."

Then, too, success at work in this city often means social failure.

Making the big time in New York frequently means long, arduous hours at the
office. Dating is limited to sometimes only one night a week.

The question some are asking is: are they working so hard only to get ahead, or
because socialising is so difficult that the office is an attractive
alternative?

"I fully understand that many people feel they're taxed so hard at work, they
just want to go home and have TV dinners," says TV director Todd Kessler, single
and a self-confessed workaholic.

"But that's a sad commentary on New York."

For those not of the out-and-out workaholic breed, who don't go in for health,
sporting or religious clubs, the dilemma gets tougher.

Hundreds of thousands have taken the newspaper and magazine personal ads route -
with mixed success.

In New York Magazine, the Strictly Personals column list thousands of people
each week.

"It's murder to meet men here," says personal penner Victoria Feldman.

"You can't trust someone you meet in a bar. Through the mail you can get a bit
more understanding and honesty."

Businesswoman Jana Arthur was among those who applauded the rise of meeting
groups, which introduce people in a no-pressure environment.

"I think meeting groups signal a shift in man-woman singles relationships," she
said.

And romance definitely appears to be making a big comeback.

Take Lillian Lewis and her Rent-A-Romantic business.

This New Yorker is making a fortune penning "creative" and "romantic" replies to
personal ads for those with too little time and energy for the pursuit of
romantic love.

Single sex is definitely not dead in New York. The denizens are still doing it.
It's just that the ritual leading up to it has changed.

ON THE Adelaide singles scene, nightclubs have reported no downturn in trade as
we head into the 1990s.

In fact most say business has never been better.

But according to the Hilton International's executive assistant manager, John
Ingram, the local market "has had to adapt to changing lifestyles."

He said the Hilton's nightclub, Margaux's on the Square (formerly Juliana's),
had moved with this changing mood - hence the change of name - and now offered
more live entertainment.

"The disco scene as we know it is altering - people are looking to be
entertained. Discos have become less formal, mainly because people work in
highly-stressed situations and need to relax when they go out."

There is more emphasis on entertainment than on mixing.

He said people were still eager to make contact with the opposite sex, but
women, particularly, were more cautious than they had been in the past.

"The AIDS scare has put a damper on sexual activity, but this hasn't stopped
people from going out and mixing - they just take a little more time in getting
to know each other.

"I'd say interest rates have affected people's leisure patterns far more than
the fear of AIDS," he said.

All nightclubs in Adelaide are experiencing difficult times due to the harsh
economic climate, although singles seem to be reliable mainstays of the
nightclub audiences, according to The Advertiser Entertainment writer David Sly.

"Singles, more than married people, have some extra ready cash to spend on
leisure and entertainment. Clubs become the centres for that activity, but the
focus is on entertainment and obtaining maximum value-for-money from their
entertainment dollar. Picking up partners doesn't appear to be the primary
concern," he said.

At the Hyatt, Waves nightclub manager Michael Cowan said AIDS "without question"
had had an effect on people's socialising patterns, but had not changed the way
he ran the nightclub.

"Our club caters mostly for professional people, although we do like to see a
mixture. We're definitely not a meat-market or a pick-up place, but we are a
meeting place. People can feel comfortable about getting to know each other
here. Our ambience offers romance," he said.

The function coordinator of the Arkaba, Tonetta Walter, said there had been "a
definite upswing in business" in the past few years. She believed AIDS and
casual sex "were not of concern" to those who frequented the hotel.

The manager of Jules, Hindley St, who did not want to be named, supported the
fact that business was good.

"There has been no downturn in business, and although people are afraid of AIDS,
most don't think about it. I've not noticed any change in people's going out
habits over the past few years," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: artwork: swinging singles; McGovern, Bronya

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1989 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              756 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 13, 2012 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Benefits of being a stockholder have limits;
Matt Krantz

BYLINE: Matt Krantz

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 393 words


A: Stuck on hold listening to elevator music trying to get your computer fixed?
Getting the runaround from your cable or telephone provider? Want to return a
washing machine that never worked right?

It's easy for companies to ignore consumers, at least in the short term. But
investors should hold more sway. After all, they own the company.

Your idea is an interesting one. If you own a company's product and can't get
any satisfaction as a consumer, why not buy the stock and become an owner?

You can be sure that if Warren Buffett has a problem with his American Express
card, is looking for a specific Coca-Cola beverage or didn't like a Procter &
Gamble product, he's able to bypass the normal customer service queue if he
chooses. Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway is a large investor in American Express,
Coca-Cola and Procter & Gamble.

But while your idea sounds good in theory, in practice, unless you're a
billionaire, you're unlikely to get much sway. Consider that large public
companies have hundreds of thousands of investors. The customer-service
situation of one owner, especially one who owns relatively few shares, is
unlikely to get the attention of the company's management team.

Just to put things in perspective, Berkshire Hathaway owned 13%, 8.8% and 2.6%
of American Express, Coca-Cola and P&G, respectively, at the end of 2011. The
values of these positions at the end of 2011 reached $7.2 billion, $14.0 billion
and $4.8 billion, respectively. If you're investing billions in a company, and
control the corresponding votes, you might expect to get some top service.

For most investors, though, who might own a few thousand dollars worth of stock,
a stake in a big U.S.-based multinational corporation isn't likely to deliver
much satisfaction.

With that said, there are cases where being a shareholder might get you an
advantage. With very small companies, which don't have many huge investors and
can't afford to lose any, you might be able to pull the "I own part of this
place" card and get some attention.

And while talking to the customer-service department, you might just drop the
fact you own part of the company. It's admittedly a bit of a long shot. But that
might indicate that you, at least on some level, hope the company will succeed
and could help build rapport with the customer service person -- and get you
some better results.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: FINANCE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            August 26, 2010 Thursday

Street awaits Couche-Tard's next move

BYLINE: by Michael Rudnick

LENGTH: 581 words


Casey's General Stores Inc.'s oversubscribed Dutch auction at $38 per share
might drive Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. to act quickly to bump its tender
offer of $36.75 per share, or $1.9 billion, to at least match, if not trump,
Casey's self tender.

Casey's said Thursday, Aug. 26, that based on preliminary results of its self
tender, which expired Wednesday, roughly 28.2 million shares were tendered at
the minimum purchase price of $38 each, far exceeding the $500 million worth of
shares that the Ankeny, Iowa, convenience store operator had initially said it
would buy back. Casey's will buy 13.2 million of those tendered shares for
roughly $500 million, returning the remaining 15 million to shareholders.

Shareholders that did not tender at $38 represent nearly 23 million shares, or
roughly 60% of Casey's soon-to-be reduced shareholder base after it completes
the buyback of nearly 26% of its shares. If Couche-Tard wants to sway the
majority that was unmoved to sell at $38, it will likely have to bump
significantly.

"Half of the shareholders liked $38 - that half is out of the stock now. More
telling is that half of the holders have not tendered," a risk arbitrageur said.
He added that Couche-Tard will have to up their bid "north of $40" if they want
to bring the Casey's board to the table.

Morgan Keegan & Co. analyst Benjamin Brownlow said shareholders that did not
tender would likely "need close to $40 or at least above $38" to sway their
votes in Couche-Tard's direction at Casey's Sept. 23 annual meeting.

A source close to the situation said that "a substantial portion" of the shares
tendered was "arb money that wanted to sell at $38" likely due to a lack of
certainty that a Couche-Tard deal would materialize. Those that held onto their
shares are mostly "long-term holders in the stock that see the significant
upside" on a standalone basis, he added.

A need to satisfy these long-term shareholders could create quite an uphill
battle for Couche-Tard.

Couche-Tard cannot acquire the company through its own tender offer due to a
Casey's poison pill but could steer a sale if it seats the full board slate it
plans to nominate at the annual meeting.

BMO Capital Markets Corp. analyst Karen Short argued that Casey's ability to
drum up an oversubscribed tender without having to buy at the top of its $38 to
$40 stated price range could play into Couche-Tard's favor. "It says that
Couche-Tard does not have to go as high as $40," she said.

She expects Couche-Tard to up its bid sometime before Monday, which is when its
$36.75 tender offer expires.

Casey's stock only inched up about 0.05% to close at $37.27 on Thursday,
reflecting "the market's hesitancy to believe that Couche-Tard is coming back at
north of $40," the arb said.

A Casey's acquisition is not necessarily a "must-have situation" for the
Montreal-based convenience store operator, as demonstrated by its positive
earnings performance, he added. Couche-Tard announced Tuesday that its net
income for the first quarter ended July 18 was $129.5 million, a roughly 42%
jump from the year-ago period.

One obstacle that might stand in the way of a higher Couche-Tard bid is a
"poison put" provision in which the buyer would have to pay Casey's debtholders
more than $95 million in debt prepayment penalties in a change of control. This
adds about $2 per share to Couche-Tard's acquisition cost.

A Casey's spokesman declined to comment, and Couche-Tard did not return a call.


DEAL SIZE

$ 1-10 Billion

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2010 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            October 22, 2012 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Foreign policy key in Florida; Candidates prepare for final debate

BYLINE: William Marsden, Postmedia News

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 629 words

DATELINE: BOCA RATON, FLA.


Foreign policy was not supposed to be a vital issue in this election, but with
the race to the White House in such a dead heat, no candidate can afford a
misstep that could swing even a thousand voters during Monday's third and final
presidential debate.

The fact that Monday's foreign policy debate is in the critical battle ground
state of Florida creates added significance. U.S. President Ba-rack Obama and
Republican challenger Mitt Romney will have to tread lightly across a
demographic that is both diverse and demanding, and very likely holds the key to
victory.

"This race is so close, there are so few undecided voters, the polls are so even
that from here on I think every handshake matters, every debate performance
matters, everything matters," said Prof. Robert Watson, a veteran historian of
Florida politics at Lynn University.

While both candidates desperately need this state, Romney in particular needs
Florida's 29 electoral votes if he is going to have any chance of taking the
White House because the other two states with the most electoral votes - New
York and California - are firmly in Obama's camp.

The state's demographics, which include veterans, retirees, a large black and
Latino population as well as a sizable Jewish community, mirror that of the
United States as a whole.

"So we have emerged not only as the most important swing state but also the
major bellwether state where candidates can kind of test their message and see
how they are running with every major demographic that they want to target," he
said. "We always say the road to the White House runs through Florida but it
literally does with the debate at Lynn University."

Watson holds about three town hall meetings a week during the election as he
surveys voter trends in the state. In his most recent meeting, he met with about
12 voters in nearby Delray Beach to discuss foreign policy. Three of the four
Jewish voters said that Israel was their No. 1 issue. One of the voters said,
"Israel, Israel, Israel are my three top issues and Obama is a Muslim."

Watson notes that the Jewish community, which voted 78 per cent for Obama in
2008, is crucial for the Democrats. While they represent only 3.5 per cent of
registered voters, the fact that they come out in big numbers compared with the
black or Latino communities increases their percentage to eight.

Florida is said to be a southern state in the north and a northern state in the
south. The middle is agrarian like the Midwest. The Democrats' main stronghold
is in the heavily-populated southeast from Miami up along the Atlantic coast on
I-95 past the cities of Fort Lauderdale and Boca Raton to the I-4 east-west
corridor that slices the state in half. Democrats have to score big there in
order to take the state, Watson said.

A plethora of major foreign policy/national security issues confronts the
candidates including the Arab spring, the Syrian civil war, the assassination of
an American ambassador in Libya, Syrian-Turkish border clashes, China trading
practices, Russia and a nuclear Iran. Any one of these could blow up in the
final two weeks and a major gaffe Monday night could sink a candidate.

"It doesn't have to sway many voters," he said. "If it only sways maybe a few
thousand voters in two key counties in a swing state, that could be a factor. So
do I think this debate matters? I think it absolutely is a key moment."

Moderator Bob Schief-fer, host of the CBS political roundtable Face the Nation,
will be posing questions on six different foreign policy themes. As in the first
debate, the candidates will have two minutes to respond followed by 15 minutes
of discussion. He has not made public his questions, but the themes will
concentrate on the Middle East, trade, China and the U.S. role in the world.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Getty Images; Cat Rambo carves her interpretation of Republican
presidential candidate Mitt Romney at the Underwater Pumpkin Carving Contest on
Sunday off Key Largo, Fla. Florida is a key battleground state in the ongoing
presidential election.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 7, 2004 Saturday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

MUSSINA HAS EYE ON SEATTLE STRONG SESSION IN PEN

BYLINE: BY CHRISTIAN RED DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 396 words


MIKE MUSSINA DECLARED his bullpen session yesterday before the Yankees' game
against the Blue Jays at the Stadium "excellent."

Mussina threw 50 pitches - using all of his repertoire - and feels ready for a
rehab stint or a simulated game as early as tomorrow with an eye toward making
his first start since July 6 next weekend in Seattle.

"Everything was fine," Mussina said.

The righthander was placed on the 15-day disabled list on July 16 after he felt
stiffness in his right elbow. With his and Kevin Brown's absences the last two
months, the Yankees have had to rely on a patchwork rotation - even using Tanyon
Sturtze and Alex Graman in spot starts.

But Brown is now back and has allowed just one run in two starts since coming
off the DL. Mussina's progress is a sign that Torre finally will have his entire
starting staff healthy for the crucial playoff drive.

"I'm anxious," Joe Torre said yesterday of Mussina's return. "But the most
important thing is to get healthy. He's gonna be a starter when he returns.
We'll do the best we can to make the best decision."

Torre said he would talk with pitching coach Mel Stottlemyre after Mussina's
bullpen session to determine the next step. But Torre indicated that despite the
35-year-old's veteran status, he was leaning toward having Mussina undergo a
minor-league start as opposed to a simulated game.

Asked which he preferred, Mussina later said either assignment would accomplish
the same thing. But he didn't shy away from his preference.

"One thing about simulated (games), you can control between innings - I might
take 15, 20 pitches and the next inning I might take five pitches," Mussina
said. "You sit for ten minutes, sit for 18 minutes or sit for three minutes. You
can always control that first time out. And it's nice that you can control all
the factors."

Mussina smiled and chuckled when asked if he would use that argument to sway
"the judge" toward doing the simulated game.

"Who's the judge? Joe?" he asked. "I'm not trying to sway him one way or the
other. And I think he's OK with that."

Mussina, who is 9-6 with a 5.20 ERA, said he "went pretty hard" yesterday and
that all indications were that the elbow stiffness had finally disappeared. At
least enough for him potentially to start in Seattle.

"Or we can just wait until April," he joked as he walked toward the players'
lounge. "Then we won't be disappointed."

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HOWARD SIMMONS DAILY NEWS John Flaherty, filling in for Jorge Posada,
is hit by pitch but later homers.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              760 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                              June 13, 2010 Sunday
                                  Mich Edition

Striking career for Was

BYLINE: STEPHANIE KUZYDYM, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. W20

LENGTH: 445 words


Athletics or academics. Both sides are important to a majority of kids in high
school. Some kids lean more towards athletics. Others sway towards academics.

Richie Was falls somewhere in the middle.

As a striker at Marian High School, Was possessed speed on the soccer field.

Marian coach Brian Householter said Was had a knack for nailing a shot in the
back of the net.

"He is a very aggressive soccer player," Householter said. "When he senses an
opportunity to score, he tends to pounce and go after it."

Was' speed allowed more pressure to be applied to the defense. His aggressive
nature had him winning the ball back quickly, allowing a turn and a shot for a
score.

"It's kind of a one-two punch with his speed and getting the ball back," he
said.

In August, Was won't fall in the middle of athletics and academics. He will be
the kid that sways towards academics at Indiana University.

Was talked with former Indiana University coach Mike Frietag before he was fired
in November of 2009 about playing for one of the most prestigious soccer
programs in the country, but Was decided to focus on his class schedule instead
of an athletic one.

It's not that he doesn't like the athletic side. Was knows current Hoosier
forward Alec Purdie from the days when he played against Purdie at Elkhart
Central.

He also knows Harrison Petts, one of the Hoosiers' stand-out incoming freshmen,
from State Cup. Was seriously considered joining the squad in the fall.

Looking to become a business major, Was wants to be a part of the Kelley School
of Business. That will take time. Time, Was said, he doesn't think he would have
if he were a part of the Hoosier soccer team.

"I just wanted to get everything together the first year," Was said. "I wanted
more time to focus on studies and what not."

But Was will find the athletic side in the club soccer team.

As for Was' decision to focus more on his studies, Householter said Was' choice
shows he is thinking ahead.

"First and foremost, you go to school to help you later on in life and sometimes
athletics can be a distraction," Householter said. "For him to focus on his
academics, that's a real testament to him and what he values and what he's
looking for in the future."

While every coach wants to see their stand-out player move on to the next level,
Householter said he will back Was in whatever future athletic and academic
choices he decides to make.

"I would be just as happy with him doing well athletically as I will be with him
exceeding academically," Householter said. "My job is to prepare my players for
later on in life and whatever life may hold for them."

Staff writer Stephanie Kuzydym: skuzydym@sbtinfo.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           February 2, 2006 Thursday
                                 Three Edition

The $1 million lobby;
Largess up 30% during GOP control

BYLINE: ANN HARDIE

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1F

LENGTH: 885 words


Lobbyists spent $1.1 million entertaining Georgia lawmakers in 2005, the year
the Legislature declined to cap gifts bestowed on its members by those paid to
sway public policy.

Unlike years past, the top recipients of lobbyist largess were all Republicans,
according to an Atlanta Journal-Constitution analysis of recently released
reports detailing lobbyist spending.

In fact, in the first year the GOP controlled the Legislature, the top 15 takers
all had "R" by their names and included members of the House and Senate
leadership.

House Speaker Glenn Richardson (R-Hiram), among the top recipients, said there
was nothing wrong with legislators accepting meals, concert tickets and other
gifts from lobbyists as long as they are disclosed to the public.

"It is not improper for a legislator to be taken to an event or taken to
dinner," Richardson said in an interview. "This in no way approaches a golf trip
to Scotland."

Richardson was referring to an outing lavished on a powerful congressman by
disgraced Washington lobbyist Jack Abramoff, who recently pleaded guilty to
corruption charges in an influence-peddling case.

The case, which threatens to ensnare scores of federal lawmakers and their
aides, has prompted Congress and state legislatures to consider how to chill
cozy relationships between lawmakers and lobbyists.

Florida's Legislature enacted a ban on lobbyist gifts last month. There has been
no movement this year to follow suit in Georgia, which approved an ethics reform
package last year.

Richardson said there's nothing sinister about lobbyists entertaining lawmakers.
"As long as there is business and politics, people will meet to discuss issues
over meals and events," he said.

Lobbyists spent $250,000 more on Georgia lawmakers in 2005 than they did the
previous year. The lion's share of the $1.1 million they spent last year--- more
than $876,000 --- went to feeding lawmakers, the AJC analysis found. Lobbyists
did most of the wining and dining during the three months the General Assembly
was in session.

As in the past, the feeding frenzy mostly took place at the old train depot, now
a banquet hall, near Underground Atlanta. Lawmakers also were treated to dinners
at tony Atlanta restaurants and beer and liquor at hotel hospitality suites.

Lobbyists also gave lawmakers at least $32,700 in tickets to NASCAR events,
Falcons, Hawks and Braves games, and the Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl.

Legislators with an interest in music and the stage took at least $8,600 in
tickets to see the Eagles at the Gwinnett Arena, the Rockettes at the Fox
Theatre, and the Rolling Stones at Philips Arena.

Bill Bozarth, executive director of the watchdog group Common Cause Georgia, had
hoped that lobbyist handouts would diminish once Republicans took grip of the
Gold Dome. "You've still got the same kind of thing going on [as under
Democratic majorities]," he said.

Bozarth said he was disappointed that House Republicans scuttled a proposal last
year by Gov. Sonny Perdue to place a $50 limit on individual gifts from
lobbyists.

"The people would like to see restrictions on what lobbyists can lavish on
lawmakers," Bozarth said. A limit on giving, he said, would level the playing
field on access to lawmakers between the general public and lobbyists.

Richardson, however, said he did not see "any value in setting an arbitrary
number" on lobbyist spending.

He said he worked hard to adopt other aspects of Perdue's ethics reform bill
that passed last year. The new law forces lobbyists to disclose for the first
time what they spend on regulatory officials and requires former lawmakers to
wait a year before becoming lobbyists.

"I think disclosure is what ought to be out there, and that's what we have,"
Richardson said.

Lobbyists spent $8,498 on Richardson's behalf, third highest in the General
Assembly, the AJC analysis showed. Richardson said he was not surprised to be
among the top recipients, given his leadership role.

"The truth is, about half the time I sit in restaurants and listen to someone
talk about issues, I would just as soon be at home eating chicken noodle soup
with my kids," he said.

In 2005, lobbyists spent the most on Rep. David Graves (R-Macon), $8,787, the
AJC analysis found. In an e-mail response to questions, Graves said that as
chairman of the Regulated Industries Committee, he spoke at all of the annual
meetings of the liquor industry that he was invited to. Lobbyists picked up his
expenses.

The bulk of the lobbyist money spent on Graves, however, covered meals and
tickets to concerts and sporting events, the analysis showed.

Graves gave up his chairmanship in September following two DUI charges. He was
subsequently convicted on one of the charges and pleaded guilty to the other.

Lobbyists for Georgia Power spent the most on lawmakers in 2005, followed by the
Savannah Chamber of Commerce, which holds a seafood feast every year.

The University System of Georgia also was among the top givers, a fact that,
given its size, did not surprise Tom Daniel, the system's lobbyist.

Daniel said that the meals, athletic tickets and other expenditures attributed
to the state's 35 colleges and universities were paid with money from donors,
not taxpayer dollars. "We use non-state funds for these activities," he said.

Database editor David A. Milliron contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Don Balfour
Photo: Glenn Richardson
Photo: Bill Hamrick
Photo: Mark Burkhalter
Photo: David Graves
Photo: BEN GRAY / StaffThe Gold Dome remains a home not only for elected
lawmakers but for lobbyists who are paid to sway their votes. The five most
wined and dined legislators last year all were Republicans.
Photo: JENNI GIRTMAN / StaffThe old train depot near Underground Atlanta
frequently is a site where lobbyists wine and dine lawmakers. The
Republican-controlled Legislature failed to adopt Gov. Sonny Perdue's suggestion
last year that a $50 limit be put on individual gifts.
Graphic: TOP LOBBYIST SPENDERS 1. Georgia Power Co. $59,8302. Savannah Chamber
of Commerce & CVB $51,1523. Board of Regents, University System of Georgia
$36,1614. Georgia Beverage Association $27,9255. Georgia Municipal Association
$26,829Source: AJC analysis of State Ethics Commission data
Graphic: MOST-LOBBIED LEGISLATORSLawmakers on whom lobbyists spent the most in
2005:1. Rep. David Graves (R-Macon), $8,7872. House Speaker Pro Tem Mark
Burkhalter (R-Alpharetta), $8,7133. House Speaker Glenn Richardson (R-Hiram),
$8,4984. Senate Banking Chairman Bill Hamrick (R-Carrollton), $7,8035. Senate
Rules Chairman Don Balfour (R-Snellville), $7,798

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              762 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 24, 2016 Sunday

New art exhibit explores the power of political ads

BYLINE: Roberta Gedert, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 1026 words


July 24--When Harriett Levin Balkind founded HonestAds in 2014, her vision for
the nonprofit organization was to bring to light the deception in political
advertising, a vision fueled by months of knocking on doors in presidential
swing states.

"What I learned was, people were mad as hell about all the lying in politics.
But it intrigued me that they might be mad, but they still voted for the people
who were lying to them," Balkind said. "So I thought that's fascinating, because
if my child or friend or business partner or mate lied to me, I would probably
kick them out the door or at least deal with it. Why do they still vote for
these people?

"That led me down the rabbit hole of learning about the emotion ... and why
people actually vote for the candidates they do," she said.

Fast forward to 2016, with the debut of the first exhibition of presidential
political ads, I Approve This Message: Decoding Political Ads at the Toledo
Museum of Art. The exhibition is housed in the museum's Canaday Gallery and is
co-curated by Balkind and the museum's associate director, Adam Levine.

But let it be known that the exhibition, which is presented through political
ads shown on national television between 1952 and 2012, is not about politics.
It's about the people who have voted for the nation's presidents over the
decades and how the ads got them there. Avoiding this year's controversial
presidential campaign was intentional. It's not over, and the intent of the
exhibition is not to sway voters currently.

"This is not an exhibition about issues. This is not an exhibition about
politics. This is an exhibition about voters, how voters feel emotion, and how
voters make decisions, in this instance, who to vote for on the basis of
emotional triggers," Levine said.

Through videos, graphics, and multimedia displays in five different theaters,
the show plays off the emotions of fear, anger, pride, and hope. It strives to
do what Balkind did in those neighborhoods years ago: decipher what makes the
voting public tick.

Dwight Eisenhower was the first presidential candidate with the opportunity to
take a stab at persuasive advertising in the 1952 race with a cartoon "I Like
Ike" ad.

That ad was followed by decades of others using colorful photographic and verbal
portrayals of candidates, catchy music, both joyful and distressed citizens, law
enforcement officials, and unflattering visuals of opponents to sway voters.

In 1964, Lyndon B. Johnson's ad "Daisy Girl" shocked the world with its
depiction of a young girl pulling the petals off a daisy, followed by a daunting
countdown that ends in nuclear annihilation.

In Walter Mondale's "Teach Your Parents" ad during the 1984 election against
Ronald Reagan, sweet, innocent looking children are contrasted against
fear-evoking images of missiles and nuclear implosions, all to the sound of
Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young's "Teach Your Children."

Reagan, on the other hand, made waves with the ad "Morning in America," in which
Reagan himself talks encouragingly about a brighter America while happy
Americans go to work, farm the land, and raise the flag against calming music.

Each theater represents an emotion, and presidential advertising that most
strongly tugs at those emotions -- like Eisenhower's, Reagan's, and Johnson's --
plays over and over on a loop.

A mood room at the back shows large images on screens: faces of all ages smile,
frown, shout, and show agony in color and black and white; parades with Boy
Scouts, voyages to space, people pitching in for their neighbors after a major
natural disaster, and the physical rebuilding of a nation depict hope and pride.
Images turn to an environmental worker cleaning from a turtle the oppressive oil
spilled into the ocean by massive oil rigs; cleaned off, the reptile sidles off
into the sunlight, evoking a smile. A large snake, a swarm of bugs, and grieving
and disquieted faces jump from the screen to evoke revulsion. The fearful images
give way to angry images of traffic jams, incited protesters, and raging fires.

The fifth theater focuses on change and how ads have targeted audiences of
different demographics. It includes an interactive zone with hands-on
activities, including the ability to include oneself in an ad.

Balkind, whose professional background is in corporate strategy and marketing
communications, is hopeful the exhibition will spark discussion and insight
about the draw of a compelling political ad.

"What I'm hoping is that this is the beginning of helping people to think about
advertising in a very different way. And I actually think it's a good thing I
don't come from the political world, because I think we have to sort of break
out of the way we talk about this stuff and think about it in a different way,"
she said.

The exhibition plays off the museum's focus on visual literacy.

"It is exceptional that we as an art museum with one of the best collections in
the world would dedicate 7,000 square feet to an exhibition that has no fine art
in it," Levine said. "There is no more ringing endorsement of this museum's
focus on teaching people to see, teaching them to see things that are relevant
and topical to their experience."

In addition to exploring various emotions, the curators expect visitors to have
a good time.

"We take a really serious subject and we are a little bit irreverent with it,
and I think people are looking for fun during the political season," Levine
said.

The show, sponsored by Taylor Cadillac with support from ProMedica and Block
Communications, remains open through Nov. 8, where the exhibition will end with
an Election Night party coinciding with the 2016 presidential election.

The exhibit will feature several free lectures in September and October,
starting with Kyle Kondik, the author of The Bellwether: Why Ohio Picks the
President, at 7 p.m. Sept. 22 in the Peristyle.

For more information on the show and related programming, go to
www.toledomuseum.org.

Contact Roberta Gedert at: rgedert@theblade.com, 419-724-6075, or on Twitter
@RoGedert.

___ (c)2016 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160724-TO-New-art-exhibit-explores-the-power-of-political-ads-0724-20160724

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2016 The Blade


                              763 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                  (T Magazine)

                              July 28, 2014 Monday

Introducing Sway Clarke II, R&B Hitmaker With a Canadian Sense of Humor

BYLINE: MATT DIEHL

SECTION: T-MAGAZINE; culture

LENGTH: 444 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Berlin-based Canadian songwriter, who has taken the Internet by
storm, plays his first American show tonight.


Who on earth would blend a "Bennie and the Jets" groove, trilling harpsichords
evoking the Beatles' "In My Life" and a dance-floor-quaking bass into an
exuberant paean to infidelity? Answer: Sway Clarke II. The song, "Secret
Garden," is one of several by the Berlin-by-way-of-Toronto singer-songwriter
that have taken off on the Internet (another is a moody cover of Kendrick
Lamar's "Swimming Pools") and propelled the singer (who plays his first American
show this evening at Bardot's School Night in Los Angeles) to next-big-thing
status. His combination of storytelling and hooks has earned comparisons to the
hitmaking likes of Lorde and Frank Ocean, but a streak of naughty humor, often
at the singer's own expense, is uniquely his own. "That comes out of being
Canadian," he laughs. "There's a reason why great comedians like Jim Carrey and
Mike Myers came from Canada. It's in our DNA to be self-deprecating and funny."

That tendency was evident in the first song that got Clarke attention, "I Don't
Need Much." In it, he says that all he needs is "Some cigarettes and
alcohol/iPhone for a few calls/A crew, and a main broad" via a wistful melody
that's as indebted to Coldplay as to new-school R&B. The approach reflects
Clarke's own personal evolution. Ten years ago, he had grown disenchanted with
hip-hop's worldview and began to focus more, he says, on music that valued
"songwriting, musicianship and telling a story. OutKast's 'Speakerboxxx/The Love
Below' was my saving grace: it was so adventurous, it became a reference point
proving I could do something different. And then I started digging into the
renaissance of Brit rock. Radiohead, Pulp and Blur changed my life, and made me
need to learn guitar. During that period, I wanted to be Liam Gallagher: I was
attracted to him because he was gangster, like a rapper."

One of eight siblings in a pan-Caribbean family (Clarke's mother is Cuban and
his father is a Rastafarian jeweler-turned-farmer from Jamaica), Clarke grew up
surrounded by reggae, soul and classic rock like Rod Stewart and Neil Diamond.
His professional entree into music came following a chance meeting with the
producer Crada on a trip to Mannheim, Germany, after which Crada asked him to
co-write and perform on a song by the superstar British rapper Tinie Tempah,
"Tears Run Dry." "My manager will sometimes calls me and say something like,
'Are you interested in playing 02 Arena with Tinie Tempah to a 15,000-capacity
crowd on Sunday?'" says Clarke. "I'll say, 'What? How many people? Um, sure!'"

Sway Clarke II plays tonight at Bardot, 1737 Vine St., Hollywood, Calif.,
itsaschoolnight.com/losangeles

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 19, 2009 Friday

Legislators hope tax credits sway GM

BYLINE: Jim Leute, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 368 words


Jun. 19--JANESVILLE -- State Sen. Judy Robson voted Wednesday in favor of one
tax break that could convince General Motors to build small cars in Janesville.

That vote designates Janesville as a Development Opportunity Zone that would be
eligible for up to $10 million in tax credits.

When the final state budget--a marriage of Senate and Assembly versions--comes
up for a vote, Robson said she will vote on two tax breaks to help GM.

The budget version the Senate approved Wednesday didn't include a capital
investment tax credit that would give companies a 10 percent break on major
capital expenditures.

The original budget proposal left the state's Joint Finance Committee and headed
to both the Assembly and Senate. Once it got to the Assembly, the investment tax
credit was added at the request of Speaker Mike Sheridan, D-Janesville.

The credit, therefore, was not in the version the Senate approved, Robson said,
adding that she strongly supports the measure.

The Assembly approved its version of the budget Tuesday.

Robson said she is certain the credit will be part of the final budget proposal
that comes out of a conference committee that will iron out discrepancies
between the two versions.

"I don't think there will be any problems with it at all," Robson said.

Sheridan also said Thursday the tax credit would be a part of the final budget.
He said he wouldn't sign off on any budget that didn't include the provision.

Robson said the budget that passed the Senate contains provisions that will help
working families, spur economic growth and put dislocated workers back to work.

The Senate version also includes funding for a UW-Madison School of Nursing
building and money for a collaborative nursing program operated by UW-Rock
County, UW-Oshkosh and Blackhawk Technical College.

To see more of The Janesville Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.gazetteextra.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090619-JG-Legislators-hope-tax-credits-sway-GM-0619

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2009 The Janesville Gazette


                              765 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           November 5, 2008 Wednesday
                               CITY FINAL EDITION

STATE SENATE CLIFFHANGER. BOTH PARTIES LOOKING TO 4 KEY RACES TO SWAY A
RAZOR-THIN MAJORITY

BYLINE: BY KENNETH LOVETT DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: WRAP; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 460 words


ALBANY - The fate of the state Senate hung in the balance last night in what was
expected to be a tight battle for control between Democrats and Republicans.

Four races in Queens, Buffalo and Long Island were expected to decide which
party would be in the majority come January.

Democrats were banking on an expected huge turnout for Barack Obama to help them
wrest control of the Senate for the first time since 1965. Because they control
the governor's office and the Assembly, a Senate win would give Democrats total
control of state government.

Republicans hoped longtime incumbents in Queens and Long Island still held
enough sway with voters that they could withstand a possible Democratic tsunami
at the polls.

The high-stakes battle was a costly one, with both sides combining to spend in
excess of $40 million, a likely record, the New York Public Interest Research
Group said.

Going into yesterday, the GOP held a razor-thin 31-to-29 majority.

Even with the mega-spending, it was expected the best either party could hope
for was to come out of last night with a slim majority.

At worst, there could be a 31-31 tie.

Known as the "nightmare scenario," a tie would likely throw the Senate into a
series of legal and political machinations as both parties try to claim control.

All eyes last night were on a battle in Queens, where longtime Republican
incumbent Serphin Maltese was being challenged by Democrat City Councilman
Joseph Addabbo.

Maltese yesterday got a visit and some needed star power from former Mayor Rudy
Giuliani.

Maltese spokeswoman Kristin Lord said she expects the race might not be
determined for days - after some 1,700 absentee ballots are counted.

Senate Republican Campaign Committee spokesman Joseph Conway said the party's
statewide get-out-the-vote effort, consisting of thousands of volunteers working
the phones and walking the districts, "was going very smoothly."

Republicans also employed new technology in some districts that allowed them to
constantly update their voter lists to see who voted and to contact those
Republicans who hadn't.

Meanwhile, Senate Minority Leader Malcolm Smith, who hopes to become majority
leader in a Democratic-controlled Senate, yesterday visited a number of key
battleground districts.

He twice campaigned with Addabbo in Queens and once with Brian Foley, the
Suffolk County Democrat looking to beat veteran GOP Sen. Caesar Trunzo.

"The energy, the turnout is absolutely tremendous, which are very good signs for
Democrats," said Senate Democratic Campaign Committee spokesman Austin Shafran.

Win or lose, Smith has called a closed-door meeting in Albany for this afternoon
with his members. Sources say he wants to try to shore up support to continue to
lead the party in the Senate.

klovett@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Daily News, L.P.


                              766 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           January 17, 2012, Tuesday

China's oil needs are key to isolating Iran

BYLINE: Tom Lasseter, and Kevin G. Hall McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P7A

LENGTH: 863 words


BEIJING - Most days, the announcement of an $8.5 billion joint-venture oil deal
between Saudi Arabia and China wouldn't raise eyebrows. Riyadh, after all, is
China's largest supplier of oil. But with the United States pushing for an oil
embargo against Iran, China's third-largest oil provider, the calculus has
changed.

China is emerging as a key test of whether the West and its allies will be able
to squeeze Tehran into slowing its nuclear program. The role China will play in
the U.S.-led effort is still far from clear, but the United States and others
are watching Beijing's moves closely for clues about its intentions.

As the biggest importer of Iranian oil - some 20 percent of Iran's output -
China has great sway over American plans. Its decision to accept, partially
agree to or spurn the push for new economic curbs on Tehran will be crucial to
Washington's efforts to starve Iran's economy as punishment for the country's
attempts to develop a nuclear weapon.

For years, and in private, U.S. diplomats have been working quietly to achieve
just that outcome. McClatchy Newspapers reported last May that secret diplomatic
cables obtained by WikiLeaks document how the State Department pressed Saudi
Arabia to step up its oil exports to China in a bid to weaken rival Iran's
foreign oil sales and Tehran's sway over Beijing. It worked, because by 2010
Saudi Arabia had become the top oil supplier to China.

It was possible partly because Saudi crude is similar in composition to Iranian
oil.

"In this case, the Saudis could do a lot of the offset of the cessation of sales
by Iran," John Kilduff, a veteran energy analyst with Again Capital in New York,
said in a recent interview.

But it's not just a question of Saudi supply to China. Europe, South Korea and
Japan need to replace Iranian oil too.

"It's pretty clear that the big buyers ... are relatively dependent on Iranian
oil," Kilduff said.

Earlier this month, the European Union and Japan, Iran's second- and
third-largest oil customers, signaled willingness to reduce their Iranian oil
orders. When and how they do that, however, remains unclear. The EU and Japan
combined bought more than 30 percent of Iran's exports in the first half of last
year.

The EU announcement was expected to be formalized Jan. 23 at a meeting of
ministers, but news reports suggest that the embargo could be delayed by six
months to allow nations more time to find replacement oil sources.

During a visit last week by Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner, Japan committed to
begin reducing its oil imports from Iran. Soon after Geithner departed, however,
Japan began giving conflicting accounts of what it had agreed to do.

China's public actions were the opposite of the EU's and Japan's. Chinese
officials were widely seen to have rebuffed efforts by Geithner to get them to
sign on during his trip to Beijing last week. China often has criticized
American pressure on Iran as unproductive. State-run media slammed U.S.
sanctions - announced last Thursday - against a Chinese firm that exports
gasoline to Iran.

But Prime Minister Wen Jiabao's presence in Saudi Arabia - a bitter rival of
Iran - spoke otherwise. It raised at least the possibility that Beijing was
pondering whether it could offset Iranian oil with supplies from Arab countries
should Tehran become a complete financial pariah.

There's been no official word along those lines from the Chinese government or
state media.

"We should note that Premier Wen's visit was arranged a long time before this
crisis," said Li Guofu, the director of the Center for Middle East Studies at
the China Institute of International Studies, a Foreign Ministry research
center.

In a telephone interview Monday with McClatchy Newspapers, Li was cautious about
drawing any connection between Wen's presence in the Persian Gulf and the
standoff between Iran and the West.

"Premier Wen's visit is within the interests of China," Li said.

Wen's six-day trip, which began over the weekend, marks the first visit to Saudi
Arabia by a Chinese premier since 1991, and the first ever by a premier to the
United Arab Emirates and Qatar. All three Arab nations sit across the Persian
Gulf from Iran.

Tensions have flared in the Gulf, with Iran threatening to close the Strait of
Hormuz, through which much of the region's oil exports pass. Iran is angry about
new U.S. sanctions that bar any financial firm that does business with Iran's
central bank from accessing the U.S. financial system.

Pentagon chief Leon Panetta has warned Iran that he intends to ensure safe
passage of oil. Oil prices have risen sharply in January on fears of supply
disruptions.

During Wen's trip, China's state Sinopec oil company reportedly signed a joint
venture agreement with Saudi Arabia's Aramco worth at least $8.5 billion that
gave the Chinese company a 37.5 percent stake in an oil refinery in the Red Sea
port of Yanbu. The operation, slated to begin by 2014, is to process some
400,000 barrels of crude a day.

The Dow Jones financial news wire, however, quoted the chairman of Sinopec at
the signing Saturday as saying that his company hadn't requested any additional
crude oil from Saudi Arabia.

Hall reported from Washington.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              767 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                December 1, 2000, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

NATION

BYLINE: From News ServicesNATIONAL RECALL; FORD MOTOR COMPANY; SPORT UTILITY;
VEHICLES SUVS; DEFECT; ST. PETERSBURG, FLORIDA; HATE CRIME; TEEN-AGER TEENAGER;
CONVICTION; GUILTY; VERDICT; MURDER; HERNDON, KENTUCKY; BUS ACCIDENT; DEATH;
FATALITY; CHILD; FRESNO, CALIFORNIA; TOURISTS; YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK; HOTEL
WORKER ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO; ARREST; AIR RAGE; AIRPLANE; PASSENGER

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A9

LENGTH: 638 words



EAST

WASHINGTON

Ford recalls 800,000 Explorers, Mountaineers

Ford Motor Co. is recalling 876,413 Explorers and Mercury Mountaineers to
replace faulty parts on the suspension system. Thousands of the Explorers, the
world's best-selling sport utility vehicle, already are under recall in
connection with the Firestone tire problem.

The recall affects 1995 through 1997 models of the Explorer and the 1997
Mountaineer, which have sway bar links that can break off, especially in cold
climates. The sway bar connects the left and right front wheel control arms and
helps control the pitch of the vehicle in turns.

Ford will notify owners by mail and its dealers will provide free replacement
links that are wider.

The recall ends an investigation by the National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration.

SOUTH

ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.

White teen gets life in killing of black child

A teen-age white supremacist who killed a 6-year-old black girl when he opened
fire on the home of a biracial family was sentenced Thursday to life in prison.

Jessy Roten, 19, was convicted recently of murdering Ashley Mance on April 3,
1999, and wounding her twin sister Aleesha and a four-year-old half-sister when
he fired into the home in St. Petersburg.

Roten was found guilty of one count of second-degree murder and two co unts of
attempted murder. The jury also ruled the shooting was a hate crime, which
allows a longer sentence. Prosecutors called Roten a skinhead and said he picked
the house as a target because it was owned by a biracial couple.

HERNDON, Ky.

Bus overturns near school; boy, 5, is killed

A bus packed with children overturned within sight of their elementary school
Thursday, killing a 5-year-old kindergartner. More than 30 other children were
taken to hospitals.

State police said the bus carrying 47 children apparently ran off the shoulder
of the road and the driver overcorrected, sending the bus across both lanes
before it overturned.

The kindergartner, Tyler Powers, apparently was ejected from the bus, Christian
County Coroner Dorris Lamb said. The others were helped out of the wreckage
through emergency exits and the shattered front windshield. Police said they did
not know how fast the bus was traveling.

At least 32 children and the bus driver were taken to area hospitals for
treatment, officials said. Most were treated and released.

WEST

FRESNO, Calif.

Motel worker gets life in Yosemite beheading

A motel handyman was sentenced to life without parole Thursday for beheading a
Yosemite National Park naturalist, clearing the way for his trial in the grisly
slayings of three tourists.

Under a plea bargain that spared him the possibility of a death sentence, Cary
Stayner, 39, admitted he killed Joie Armstrong, 26, last year after kidnapping
and trying to sexually assault her.

Stayner is also accused of killing Yosemite tourists Carole Sund, 42, her
daughter Juli, 15, and their Argentine friend Silvina Pelosso, 16. Prosecutors
have not said whether they will seek the death penalty. The three were last seen
alive in February 1999 at a motel outside the park where Stayner lived and
worked.

ALBUQUERQUE, N.M.

Passenger is arrested in disturbance on flight

An airline passenger accused of throwing a beer can and a cup of ice at a flight
attendant was arrested and 15 other passengers were detained Thursday after
their plane made an emergency stop in Albuquerque, the FBI said.

The America West flight carrying 165 passengers and six crew members was headed
for Las Vegas from Fort Lauderdale, Fla.

Julio Calero, 32, of Miami, was charged with committing a crime aboard an
aircraft and interfering with the flight crew, an FBI spokesman said. He said
the incident was alcohol-related.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: NATION & WORLD

TYPE: Nation Briefs Column

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              768 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  December 1, 2000, Friday, THREE STAR EDITION

NATION

BYLINE: From News ServicesNATIONAL RECALL; FORD MOTOR COMPANY; SPORT UTILITY;
VEHICLES SUVS; DEFECT; ST. PETERSBURG, FLORIDA; HATE CRIME; TEEN-AGER TEENAGER;
CONVICTION; GUILTY; VERDICT; MURDER; HERNDON, KENTUCKY; BUS ACCIDENT; DEATH;
FATALITY; CHILD; FRESNO, CALIFORNIA; TOURISTS; YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK; HOTEL
WORKER FDA; WARNING LABELS; EGG CARTONS; SALMONELLA

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A9

LENGTH: 622 words



EAST

WASHINGTON

Ford recalls 800,000 Explorers, Mountaineers

Ford Motor Co. is recalling 876,413 Explorers and Mercury Mountaineers to
replace faulty parts on the suspension system. Thousands of the Explorers, the
world's best-selling sport utility vehicle, already are under recall in
connection with the Firestone tire problem.

The recall affects 1995 through 1997 models of the Explorer and the 1997
Mountaineer, which have sway bar links that can break off, especially in cold
climates. The sway bar connects the left and right front wheel control arms and
helps control the pitch of the vehicle in turns.

Ford will notify owners by mail and its dealers will provide free replacement
links that are wider.

The recall ends an investigation by the National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration.

WASHINGTON

Egg cartons will carry salmonella warnings

Egg cartons will soon bear new safety warnings designed to help Americans avoid
food poisoning.

Eggs can be infected with salmonella, a type of bacteria that cooks can avoid if
only they handled eggs safely. So the Food and Drug Administration ordered
Thursday that all egg cartons bear the following warning:

"To prevent illness from bacteria: Keep eggs refrigerated, cook eggs until yolks
are firm, and cook foods containing eggs thoroughly."

SOUTH

ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.

White teen gets life in killing of black child

A teen-age white supremacist who killed a 6-year-old black girl when he opened
fire on the home of a biracial family was sentenced Thursday to life in prison.

Jessy Roten, 19, was convicted recently of murdering Ashley Mance on April 3,
1999, and wounding her twin sister Aleesha and a four-year-old half-sister when
he fired into the home in St. Petersburg.

Roten was found guilty of one count of second-degree murder and two co unts of
attempted murder. The jury also ruled the shooting was a hate crime, which
allows a longer sentence. Prosecutors called Roten a skinhead and said he picked
the house as a target because it was owned by a biracial couple.

HERNDON, Ky.

Bus overturns near school; boy, 5, is killed

A bus packed with children overturned within sight of their elementary school
Thursday, killing a 5-year-old kindergartener. More than 30 other children were
taken to hospitals.

State police said the bus carrying 47 children apparently ran off the shoulder
of the road and the driver overcorrected, sending the bus across both lanes
before it overturned.

The kindergartner, Tyler Powers, apparently was ejected from the bus, Christian
County Coroner Dorris Lamb said. The others were helped out of the wreckage
through emergency exits and the shattered front windshield. Police said they did
not know how fast the bus was traveling.

At least 32 children and the bus driver were taken to area hospitals for
treatment, officials said. Most were treated and released.

WEST

FRESNO, Calif.

Motel worker gets life in Yosemite beheading

A motel handyman was sentenced to life without parole Thursday for beheading a
Yosemite National Park naturalist, clearing the way for his trial in the grisly
slayings of three tourists.

Under a plea bargain that spared him the possibility of a death sentence, Cary
Stayner, 39, admitted he killed Joie Armstrong, 26, last year after kidnapping
and trying to sexually assault her.

Stayner is also accused of killing Yosemite tourists Carole Sund, 42, her
daughter Juli, 15, and their Argentine friend Silvina Pelosso, 16. Prosecutors
have not said whether they will seek the death penalty. The three were last seen
alive in February 1999 at a motel outside the park where Stayner lived and
worked.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: NATION & WORLD

TYPE: Nation Briefs Column

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              769 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 29, 2005 Friday

Airlines workers wage campaign to sway Sen. Inhofe

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 328 words


Southwest Airlines held an employee letter-writing campaign in Oklahoma City
Thursday to try to sway U.S. Sen. Jim Inhofe from legislation to close a Dallas
airport.

Inhofe recently submitted Senate Bill 1425 to shut down all commercial traffic
at Love Field Airport on the basis that it would protect American Airlines and
its flights to Oklahoma.

The Tulsa Republican said the legislation was a countermeasure to a bill
authored by Nevada Sen. John Ensign that would open the airport to more routes
and airlines, which would force American to dilute its own operations to
compete.

For more than 25 years the airfield has been under the shadow of the Wright
Amendment, which severely limited service out of Love Field - it allowed only
small passenger planes and nonstop flights to states directly neighboring Texas.

Ensign's legislation would repeal the Wright Amendment and help Southwest
Airlines, which operates out of Love Field, company spokeswoman Andi Pickle
said.

American Airlines already operates out of nearby Dallas-Fort Worth International
Airport. Inhofe's legislation would consolidate all commercial air traffic out
of Dallas-Fort Worth instead of opening Love Field to more business, as Ensign
is seeking.

Inhofe said American has about 8,000 employees in Tulsa, most of whom work at
Tulsa International Airport.

More than 1,000 Southwest employees work in Oklahoma as customer service agents,
flight attendants, pilots, reservation agents and other positions, Pickle said.
She estimated the employees working on the Inhofe mail campaign out of the
company's reservations center, 5300 S. Meridian Ave., produced several hundred
letters Thursday.

"Right now we can't even advertise in Dallas that we fly outside the Wright
Amendment states," she said. "So it would be nice to be able to offer our
services outside of those states."

Inhofe's bill is still in the Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee for
consideration.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 29, 2005 Friday

Airlines workers wage campaign to sway Sen. Inhofe

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 327 words


Southwest Airlines held an employee letter-writing campaign in Oklahoma City
Thursday to try to sway U.S. Sen. Jim Inhofe from legislation to close a Dallas
airport.

Inhofe recently submitted Senate Bill 1425 to shut down all commercial traffic
at Love Field Airport on the basis that it would protect American Airlines and
its flights to Oklahoma. The Tulsa Republican said the legislation was a
countermeasure to a bill authored by Nevada Sen. John Ensign that would open the
airport to more routes and airlines, which would force American to dilute its
own operations to compete.

For more than 25 years the airfield has been under the shadow of the Wright
Amendment, which severely limited service out of Love Field - it allowed only
small passenger planes and nonstop flights to states directly neighboring Texas.

Ensign's legislation would repeal the Wright Amendment and help Southwest
Airlines, which operates out of Love Field, company spokeswoman Andi Pickle
said.

American Airlines already operates out of nearby Dallas-Fort Worth International
Airport. Inhofe's legislation would consolidate all commercial air traffic out
of Dallas-Fort Worth instead of opening Love Field to more business, as Ensign
is seeking.

Inhofe said American has about 8,000 employees in Tulsa, most of whom work at
Tulsa International Airport.

More than 1,000 Southwest employees work in Oklahoma as customer service agents,
flight attendants, pilots, reservation agents and other positions, Pickle said.
She estimated the employees working on the Inhofe mail campaign out of the
company's reservations center, 5300 S. Meridian Ave., produced several hundred
letters Thursday.

"Right now we can't even advertise in Dallas that we fly outside the Wright
Amendment states," she said. "So it would be nice to be able to offer our
services outside of those states."

Inhofe's bill is still in the Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee for
consideration.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            August 29, 2015 Saturday

Corbett case 'in good shape', says US sheriff;
File to be passed to district attorney to decide if criminal charges will be
brought

BYLINE: Simon Carswell

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 415 words


The US sheriff investigating the death of a Limerick man in North Carolina said
he is close to passing the case on to the local district attorney to decide
whether criminal charges should be brought.

Sheriff David Grice, of Davidson County, told The Irish Times the investigation
into the death of Jason Corbett (39) at his home in Wallburg near Winston-Salem
was "in good shape".

Police were awaiting background information ahead of reinterviewing a number of
people, he said, before sending the case to the district attorney, Gary Frank,
who will consider criminal charges.

He declined to say when the file would be handed over.

"It takes time to locate and talk to people. It takes time to obviously get it
written up and co-ordinate with different investigators.

"We have at least three people actively working on it every day," he said.

Early on Sunday, August 2nd, Mr Corbett was found with fatal head injuries at a
home he shared with his second wife, Molly Martens, and his two children from a
first marriage, Jack (10) and Sarah (8).

Police were called to the house at Panther Creek Court, at 3.04am, in response
to a domestic disturbance. The 911 dispatcher was told by a "complainant in the
call" - Mr Corbett's father-in-law, Thomas Martens, a retired FBI agent - that
"he had been in an argument with his son-in-law and that he had struck him with
a baseball bat", according to the police incident report.

Investigators

The sheriff said investigators had found nothing to contradict that initial
report. Ms Martens and her father were still persons of interest in the
investigation, he said. No formal arrests have been made.

A suggestion has been made that Mr Martens may have been acting in a form of
defence.

The sheriff said the investigation would not be influenced by the personal
involvement of a law-enforcement agent.

"I do not hold sway over the FBI, the FBI does not hold sway over me," said Mr
Grice, a locally elected law-enforcement official.

He insisted his office's investigation would be thorough.

"I want to reassure people in Ireland the victim's interest is very much the
main focus," he said. "If there is something that rises to the level of a crime,
we are certainly going to be diligent and vigorously prosecute."

Mr Corbett was buried in Limerick on Wednesday beside his first wife, Mags, who
died from an asthma attack. His two children returned to Ireland last weekend
after their paternal aunt, Tracey Lynch, won a US custody battle with Ms
Martens.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 998 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright 2017 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.,
                              All Rights Reserved
                     LexisNexis® Corporate Affiliations[TM]

                                 March 6, 2017

                       Piping Technology & Products Inc.

                                 3701 Holmes Rd
                               Houston,  TX 77051
                                 United States


MSA: 26420 - Houston-Baytown-Sugar Land, TX

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (713) 422-2271
FAX: (713) 731-8640
URL: www.pipingtech.com
E-MAIL: info.mail@pipingtech.com

FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/pipingtech
LINKEDIN: www.linkedin.com/company/piping-technology-&-products-inc.

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DCA NUMBER: 340082

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
FOUNDED: 1975
LEGAL STATUS: PRIVATE
ORGANIZATION TYPE: Private
EMPLOYEES:
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES:  6,700

IMPORT:  YES
EXPORT:  YES

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

CORPORATE HIERARCHY

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER             TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Woodie Osteen,      Executive           Manager             EMAIL:
Mgr-Safety                              Safety              Woodie@mail.pipingt
                                                            ech.com
John Demusz, Mgr-US Executive           Manager             EMAIL:
Bellows                                                     John@mail.pipingtec
                                                            h.com
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/john-demusz/39/43
                                                            2/416
Jimmy Vollman, Acct Executive           Account Manager     EMAIL:
Mgr                                                         Jimmy@mail.pipingte
                                                            ch.com
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/jimmy-vollman/55/
                                                            400/47a
Eyup Aydin,         Executive           Engineer            EMAIL:
Engr-Design                                                 Eyup@mail.pipingtec
                                                            h.com
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/eyup-aydin/1b/932
                                                            /1b4
Courtney Chadwell,  Executive           General Manager     EMAIL:
Gen Mgr-Mfg                             Manufacture/Manufac Courtney@mail.pipin
                                        turing              gtech.com
R. K. Agrawal, VP   Executive           Vice President
David Smith,        Executive           Administration/Oper
Mgr-Admin & Matl                        ations
Control                                 Manager
Alan Cooper,        Executive           Engineering         EMAIL:
Mgr-Engrg                               Manager             Alan@mail.pipingtec
                                                            h.com
Aundrela Durham,    Executive           Manager             EMAIL:
Mgr                                                         Aundrela@mail.pipin
                                                            gtech.com
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/aundrela-durham/1
                                                            6/548/313
Vijay Jaswal,       Executive           Manager             EMAIL:
Mgr-Quotations                                              Vijay@mail.pipingte
                                                            ch.com
Jerry Godina,       Executive           Quality             EMAIL:
Mgr-Quality Control                     Control/Quality     Jerry@mail.pipingte
                                        Assurance           ch.com
                                        Manager
David Baker,        Executive           Sales
Mgr-Sls & Field Svc                     Manager
Durga D. Agrawal,   Executive           President           EMAIL:
Pres                                                        durga@mail.pipingte
                                                            ch.com
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/durga-agrawal/33/
                                                            951/27a
Randy Bailey, VP    Executive           Vice President      EMAIL:
                                                            randy@mail.pipingte
                                                            ch.com
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/randy-bailey/1a/2
                                                            b7/524
Ram K. Garg,        Executive           Engineering         EMAIL:
Mgr-Engrg                               Manager             Ram@mail.pipingtech
                                                            .com
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/ram-k-garg/20/246
                                                            /33a

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Piping Technology & Products Inc. was founded in 1975, and is based in Houston,
TX. It is a provider of engineered products. The company specializes in pipes.
It offers variable spring hangers, cryoshoes, hot shoes, pipe anchors, and sway
braces. The company also provides snubbers, sway struts, pipe clamps, clevis
hangers, beam attachments, and rods and hardware. Its product line also includes
pipe saddle supports, hold down pipe clamps, hinged expansion joints, bellmouth
reducers, and instrument supports. The company provides product testing,
installation, stress analysis, engineering, and design services. It serves the
commercial, industrial, and manufacturing sectors.

INDUSTRY TYPE: Mfr. of Spring Hangers & Miscellaneous Steel Fabricated Items

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
332919 - Other Metal Valve and Pipe Fitting Manufacturing
SECONDARY NAICS:
541330 - Engineering Services
PRIMARY SIC:
3494 - Valves & Pipe Fittings, NEC
SECONDARY SIC:
8711 - Engineering Services
PRODUCTS:
FIRETEMP - Insulated Pipe Material
FOAMGLASS - Insulated Pipe Material
INSULAM - Insulated Pipe Material
PERMALI - Insulated Pipe Material
SWECO - Pressure Vessel & Tank
MARINITE - Insulated Slide Plate
TEFLON - Bearing Pads
BRONZPHITE - Insulated Slide Plate

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

SALES:  USD 25,000,000 - USD 49,999,999

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017


                              773 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 13, 2011 Tuesday
                                 METRO EDITION

DEATHTRAP FOR BROOKLYN COP 5 minutes of horror cost a Finest his life House an
obvious drug den - neighbors Gangs hold sway in troubled neighborhood

BYLINE: BY ROCCO PARASCANDOLA and HELEN KENNEDY NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 684 words


THERE WAS ONLY one way in and only one way out.

But in the end, there was no escape from the squalid Brooklyn apartment - not
for the gunmen, nor for the hero cop they killed there.

The events that cost

Police Officer Peter Figoski his life played out in five minutes in an
unfinished railroad flat illuminated by a single 75-watt light

bulb.

It began, cops said, at 2:10 a.m. when two gunmen began pounding on the basement
door of 25 Pine St.

The small, gray-sided two-story house sits in one of Brooklyn's rougher
neighborhoods, where the Latin Kings and Trinitarios gangs hold sway and
residents cower indoors after dark.

The owner rents rooms illegally to single men, and neighbors called the house an
obvious drug den.

"It's this nice two-family house where about 15 people live and they're coming
in and out at all hours. All kinds of shady characters," said one resident.

One of the gunmen, 27-year-old Lamont Pride, was wearing a black ski mask and an
aura of invincibility: he had skated past two recent New York arrests despite
being wanted for shooting a man in North Carolina.

Pride and his accomplice, likely looking for drug money, demanded cash and
jewelry from the 25-year-old man inside.

Pride spoke Eng

lish, his accomplice spoke Spanish. Pride began the negotiations by
pistol-whipping the tenant with his 9

-mm

. Ruger.

The pounding and yelling roused the building's owner, who called 911 to report a
burglary in progress, as well as two neighbors from across the street who went
to see what the commotion was.

One of the neighbors saw the two men with guns and fled. The other rushed in to
help the tenant, who was lying in a narrow hallway by an oil tank and the one
lit bulb, his head leaking a pool of blood.

Pride and his pal took $770 and a cheap watch and tried to flee out the back of
the cramped apartment, but they couldn't find a way out

, police said.

All they found was a kitchen and a locked back door.

Stashing a .38-caliber Smith &amp; Wesson revolver with a jammed chamber inside
the wall-mounted microwave oven, they rushed back toward the front, passing
their bleeding victim and the neighbor tending to him.

Thug didn't hesitate

They nearly made it to the front door when the crackle of police

radios alerted them to the arrival of two NYPD officers.

Pride and his accomplice ducked into a room near the front door, a smallish
space full of tools and junk, and watched the two uniformed officers head past
to the middle of the apartment, where the tenant lay sprawled.

Believing they were in the clear, Pride and his pal burst out of the side room
and rushed for the stairs to the street - where they ran into Officer Figoski
and his partner,

Officer Glenn Estrada, who were arriving as backup.

Pride's accomplice, who went up first, began wrestling with Estrada on the
street.

Encountering Figoski on the stairs, Pride didn't hesitate: He shot the
highlydecorated father of four daughters point-blank in the face with his Ruger.

The bullet hit Figoski under the left eye and exited the back of his head. He
collapsed just outside the door to the basement apartment.

Estrada heard the shot and saw Pride sprint by. In a split second, he made a
tough call: Letting his suspect go, he chased after the man who had shot his
partner of three years.

Pride led Estrada and other cops who joined the hunt on a fourblock chase.

On the way, he threw his gun under a red Toyota and flung his ski mask to the
gutter.

He was cornered blocks away, where he surrendered as cops with their guns drawn
converged upon him, yelling at him to get down.

"I want to commend Officer Estrada, who had the presence of mind to focus on the
man with the gun, and the courage to chase him down," Mayor Bloomberg said
later.

The second suspect ditched his gray hoodie and slunk away wearing a dark T-shirt
in the near-freezing night air.

The security camera at a laund

ermat

on Chestnut St

. captured him walking by quickly at 2:25 a.m., throwing worried glances over
his shoulder.

A citywide manhunt was on for him Monday night, and he had a $10,000 price on
his head.

He was not expected to stay free for long.

hkennedy@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

DOCUMENT-TYPE: FRONT PAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Daily News, L.P.


                              774 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 3, 2007 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

GOP Presidential Hopefuls To Face Off in the New West

BYLINE: Michael D. Shear; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 980 words

DATELINE: SIMI VALLEY, Calif., May 2


As 10 Republican presidential hopefuls gather here for their first debate
Thursday, their political advisers are rewriting decades-old strategies about
how to campaign in the nation's most populous state.

With the state's primary looming as the biggest prize in the massive national
battle developing for Feb. 5, California has shed its status as a non-factor in
recent nominating contests, say top campaign advisers and the state's veteran
GOP activists.

New rules adopted by the state party, meanwhile, have scrapped winner-take-all
voting for a system that awards three delegates to the victor in each of the
state's 53 congressional districts. That change, coupled with the state's
decision to move its primary date, has scrambled the GOP contest here 10 months
before it takes place.

"It's like a mini-electoral college," Ed Gillespie, former chairman of the
Republican National Committee, said of California. "It's so big, and it was so
late that generally it just affirmed the nominee. It's different this time. It's
going to help make the nominee and have a lot of sway."

When the GOP hopefuls take the stage at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library
for a debate that will air Thursday night on MSNBC, their audience will be a
national one. Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney will be looking for a
bump in polls that have shown him stuck in single digits. Sen. John McCain
(Ariz.) and former New York mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, the two leading
candidates, will be trying to avoid mistakes. The lesser-known candidates will
be looking for a way to get some attention.

And all of them are certain to evoke the memory of the late Ronald Reagan, whose
widow, Nancy, will be on hand in the front row.

"Optimism will be at the heart of being at the Reagan Library," said Gerry
Parsky, a trustee of the Reagan Foundation who ran George W. Bush's California
campaigns in 2000 and 2004. "One of Reagan's greatest attributes was optimism.
People want that."

Parsky, who serves as a senior economic adviser to McCain, said the dynamic in
California has changed for Republicans since Reagan, Bush and Bush's father
campaigned here in the 1980s and 1990s. Until the recent rule changes, money was
all that mattered in a state where a week's worth of television ads can cost
about $3 million.

Now, Parsky said, "it will require a good organization, an organization that's
focused on going into local markets, and candidates that have enough resources
to make their views known."

Senior aides to the candidates said they are examining new and novel ways to
marshal their resources to compete in specific congressional districts in
California, such as highly targeted mail, which costs much less than television
commercials. By doing so, they might pick up delegates without having to spend
money in the state's largest television markets.

Los Angeles is the nation's second most expensive media market, after New York
City and just ahead of Chicago, strategists noted.

"You can target messages into districts where there are very few Republicans
with the micro-targeting techniques that a modern campaign uses," said a
Republican operative familiar with McCain's campaign strategy. "You take off
huge amounts of delegates in a very cost effective way."

Said a senior Giuliani campaign adviser: "People are going to look at . . . how
many congressional districts can I play in in less expensive media markets?"

While California may have a better chance of being a big factor in the race, top
strategists for the leading GOP candidates are focused intently on Iowa, New
Hampshire and South Carolina, where they say early voting could set in motion an
unstoppable momentum for the winners of those states.

If one candidate wins all three of those, voters in California and the other
states could quickly fall in line on Feb. 5 behind someone they see as a winner.
That is largely what has happened in most elections in the state.

"At the end of the day it's going to be momentum. Who has the momentum out of
the early primary states?" said Steve Merksamer, a California lawyer who was
chief of staff to Republican Gov. George Deukmejian in the 1980s. California, he
added, is "completely up for grabs, but at the end of the day it's going to come
down to who has the best organization."

The early indication is that that honor may belong to Giuliani, who has lined up
a half-dozen congressional endorsements, including those of Reps. Ed Royce,
George Radanovich and David Dreier. He has also won endorsements from some key
conservatives in the state legislature. McCain has begun to build an
organization in the state, signing on the state's former secretary of state.

In a late March poll by the Public Policy Institute of California, Giuliani led
with 33 percent, McCain followed with 19 percent, former House speaker Newt
Gingrich had 14 percent and Romney trailed with 7 percent.

But veteran California Republicans said the state's liberal reputation -- and
the fact that it is governed by a centrist Republican in Arnold Schwarzenegger
-- does not necessarily mean that Giuliani and McCain will do well in the
Republican primary, which is closed to independents and Democrats.

"There's no question it skews very conservative," said Rob Stutzman, a GOP
consultant who served as Schwarzenegger's communications director. "I reject any
notion that because California is a blue state, the moderate GOP candidates will
do well out here in the GOP primary."

Stutzman said, for example, that Romney could target pockets of conservative
voters who care deeply about immigration and social issues. Many of those voters
live inland along rural parts of the state's I-5 corridor. Others live in
historically Democratic districts that were ignored when the state was an
all-or-nothing affair.

"It really makes it a lot more interesting," Stutzman said. "It makes it
different than most years, that's for sure."

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Robert A. Reeder -- The Washington Post; Ed Gillespie, former
chairman of the Republican National Committee, said California's presidential
primary is going to "have a lot of sway."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

Home sales flat; construction slipping

BYLINE: By Richard Mize Real Estate Editor richardmize@oklahoman.com

SECTION:

LENGTH: 708 words


Metro-area builders coasted up to fall, continuing to pull back, and home sales
were flat compared to a year ago in the most recent statistics from city halls
and Realtors.In markets regularly tracked by The Oklahoman&nbsp;- Oklahoma City,
Edmond, Midwest City, Moore and Norman&nbsp;- home starts were down 8 percent
through August, with 3,045 permits issued.In the wider area tracked by the
Central Oklahoma Home Builders Association, the numbers were nearly flat, with a
1 percent drop for the period and some 3,600 permits issued, executive director
Randy Appleton said.Growth in Yukon and Mustang made up the difference, he
said.Builders and developers aren't fretting too much, because the area saw
strong construction growth in 2013 and early 2014, said Mark Livingston,
president of the association and owner of Development Services LLC.Losing
energySoftness in 2015, Livingston said, stems from weather setbacks last
winter, a persistent shortage of buildable lots and "the white elephant in the
room"&nbsp;- the wheezing oil and gas business."Although I don't think we've
seen a huge impact yet in housing, it's certainly on everybody's mind," he said.
"You have builders and maybe developers out there ready&nbsp;to start some more
homes, or maybe start a new land deal, and they might be sitting back, waiting
to see what happens because we all know oil and gas does drive our
industry."Lots on their mindThe lot shortage isn't new.Builders have complained
about the relative lack of buildable lots since the metro area started coming
out of the national housing crash - just a slump here&nbsp;- five years
ago.Cities are behind on infrastructure, especially Oklahoma City, Livingston
said."As you drive around the 624 square miles of Oklahoma City, there's plenty
of land&nbsp;- whether or not it has sewer to it, and whether or not it has
water to it, or whether or not it's in the right school system, as a land
developer you start looking at those issues," he said.Sewer flows downhillLot
prices are high, he said, because of steady, if not booming, demand for new
homes in the face of the tight supply of land ready for housing.

Relative lack of infrastructure also explains what appears to be spotty
distribution of housing additions, he said."Sometimes people don't understand.
They say developers are skipping over land to go to the next piece," Livingston
said. "Well, there's usually a reason for sewer not being there."Sewer is
typically a gravity-flow product. The city is very much against lift stations.
That very much limits you on your land. From where you develop to where the
wastewater is treated has to be downhill all the way, without a lift
station."So, sometimes you don't understand why development occurs. No. 1 is
school system. No. 2 is sewer."Inventory still lowFor their part, real estate
agents maintained their sales pace in August, with a decrease of less than 1
percent compared to August 2014, according to the Oklahoma City Metro
Association of Realtors.It remained a seller's market with a 3.8-month supply of
homes listed for sale, the Realtors reported.However, total sales volume fell
5.4 percent to $371 million in August compared with $392 million in August 2014,
and the average price fell 4.6 percent to $187,389.That suggests a slowdown in
sales on the upper end. The median price increased 4.1 percent to
$159,243.Sellers losing sway?The tone of the market varies across the metro
area.In Edmond, for example, Brian Preston, an agent with RE/MAX Associates,
cautioned that a 19-percent hike in active listings, with sales and pending
sales (houses under contract) both flat, could take away some seller sway in the
marketplace."We are on track for another record year, but sellers will have to
watch what they are asking for their house with more competition out there for
them.&nbsp;Pending contracts are still good, but more house will be sitting with
the new inventory," Preston said in his monthly e-newsletter."The lower prices
ranges are still hot with not much to choose from. And even the
$300,000-to-$350,000 range is having great numbers. We will have to watch to see
how the extra inventory effects us. But all other numbers are still good and
slightly ahead of record-setting pace."

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

Home sales flat; construction slipping

BYLINE: By Richard Mize Real Estate Editor richardmize@oklahoman.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 707 words


Metro-area builders coasted up to fall, continuing to pull back, and home sales
were flat compared to a year ago in the most recent statistics from city halls
and Realtors.In markets regularly tracked by The Oklahoman&nbsp;- Oklahoma City,
Edmond, Midwest City, Moore and Norman&nbsp;- home starts were down 8 percent
through August, with 3,045 permits issued.In the wider area tracked by the
Central Oklahoma Home Builders Association, the numbers were nearly flat, with a
1 percent drop for the period and some 3,600 permits issued, executive director
Randy Appleton said.Growth in Yukon and Mustang made up the difference, he
said.Builders and developers aren't fretting too much, because the area saw
strong construction growth in 2013 and early 2014, said Mark Livingston,
president of the association and owner of Development Services LLC.Losing
energySoftness in 2015, Livingston said, stems from weather setbacks last
winter, a persistent shortage of buildable lots and "the white elephant in the
room"&nbsp;- the wheezing oil and gas business."Although I don't think we've
seen a huge impact yet in housing, it's certainly on everybody's mind," he said.
"You have builders and maybe developers out there ready  to start some more
homes, or maybe start a new land deal, and they might be sitting back, waiting
to see what happens because we all know oil and gas does drive our
industry."Lots on their mindThe lot shortage isn't new.Builders have complained
about the relative lack of buildable lots since the metro area started coming
out of the national housing crash - just a slump here&nbsp;- five years
ago.Cities are behind on infrastructure, especially Oklahoma City, Livingston
said."As you drive around the 624 square miles of Oklahoma City, there's plenty
of land&nbsp;- whether or not it has sewer to it, and whether or not it has
water to it, or whether or not it's in the right school system, as a land
developer you start looking at those issues," he said.Sewer flows downhillLot
prices are high, he said, because of steady, if not booming, demand for new
homes in the face of the tight supply of land ready for housing.

Relative lack of infrastructure also explains what appears to be spotty
distribution of housing additions, he said."Sometimes people don't understand.
They say developers are skipping over land to go to the next piece," Livingston
said. "Well, there's usually a reason for sewer not being there."Sewer is
typically a gravity-flow product. The city is very much against lift stations.
That very much limits you on your land. From where you develop to where the
wastewater is treated has to be downhill all the way, without a lift
station."So, sometimes you don't understand why development occurs. No. 1 is
school system. No. 2 is sewer."Inventory still lowFor their part, real estate
agents maintained their sales pace in August, with a decrease of less than 1
percent compared to August 2014, according to the Oklahoma City Metro
Association of Realtors.It remained a seller's market with a 3.8-month supply of
homes listed for sale, the Realtors reported.However, total sales volume fell
5.4 percent to $371 million in August compared with $392 million in August 2014,
and the average price fell 4.6 percent to $187,389.That suggests a slowdown in
sales on the upper end. The median price increased 4.1 percent to
$159,243.Sellers losing sway?The tone of the market varies across the metro
area.In Edmond, for example, Brian Preston, an agent with RE/MAX Associates,
cautioned that a 19-percent hike in active listings, with sales and pending
sales (houses under contract) both flat, could take away some seller sway in the
marketplace."We are on track for another record year, but sellers will have to
watch what they are asking for their house with more competition out there for
them.&nbsp;Pending contracts are still good, but more house will be sitting with
the new inventory," Preston said in his monthly e-newsletter."The lower prices
ranges are still hot with not much to choose from. And even the
$300,000-to-$350,000 range is having great numbers. We will have to watch to see
how the extra inventory effects us. But all other numbers are still good and
slightly ahead of record-setting pace."

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 23, 2013 Wednesday

Does 'Carrie' remake miss mark on silver screen?

BYLINE: J.R. Ortega, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 359 words


Oct. 23--When I think of Stephen King's "Carrie," I think of a wide-eyed Sissy
Spacek using her telekinesis to terrorize her high school peers at the prom.

So when I learned about a year ago that "Carrie" would be revived for today's
audience, I was excited, but a bit wary -- and rightfully so.

The reviews are in, and though the movie raked in $17 million, it missed the
mark -- making just more than half of what it cost to create.

So did the new "Carrie" stand a chance? I don't think so.

Let me start off by saying I missed opening weekend, so I know my opinion
probably does not matter, and this column is in no way meant to sway you to not
watch the movie.

My issue, though, isn't with this film in particular, but with remakes in
general -- of the horror genre to be exact. Though I love that this remake
boasts two actresses I love -- Julianne Moore and Chloe Grace Moretz -- the
previews did little to sway my decision to fall in love with the film all over
again.

First off, Sissy Spacek exudes the "Carrie" quality the book portrayed: a
slightly odd-looking girl with acne and mousy brown hair.

And as great of an actress as Moretz is, she is way too pretty to play Carrie
(No offense, Spacek.)

Spacek just has this strange beauty about her -- I love it.

And I'm sure that Moore, as always, does not disappoint as Carrie White's mom,
Margaret.

I'm sure the new movie was good in its own way, and truly it seems more like a
re-imagination than anything else. (In the previews, you can see the film takes
place in the present, not the 1970s).

For some of us will always like the original. The original "Texas Chainsaw
Massacre," the original "The Hills Have Eyes," the original "Footloose" -- and,
yes, I'm aware the last isn't a horror movie.

To say the new "Carrie" and any other remake is horribly directed or filmed is
not entirely true. It's just that nothing captures you like it does the first
time.

Come on Hollywood, spend your time imagining new creations and stop trying to
reinvent the wheel.

___ (c)2013 Victoria Advocate (Victoria, Texas) Visit Victoria Advocate
(Victoria, Texas) at www.victoriaadvocate.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131023-VI-Does-Carrie-remake-miss-mark-on-silver-screen-1023-20131023

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2013 Victoria Advocate


                              778 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                   Vancouver Business Journal (Vancouver, WA)

                             April 23, 2004 Friday

Free Clinic, SW Washington Advocates for Youth net foundation grants

BYLINE: Susie Bodman

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 297 words


The Free Clinic of Southwest Washington, located in Vancouver, and Southwest
Washington Advocates for Youth, also based in Clark County, are the recipients
of two grants from the Southwest Washington Medical Center Foundation.

The Free Clinic was awarded $75,000 to benefit its operations, which include
providing free, walk-in urgency medical care and preventive care to more than
10,000 people in Southwest Washington with no other access to health care.

With the downturn in the local economy, the need for services has increased,
causing the number of people seeking services from the Free Clinic to increase
by 30 percent in the past year. The increase is expected to continue, as more
businesses cut back on health care benefits. Meanwhile, the clinic's
prescription and emergency medication program has also served more than 1,000
people this year - filling a total of 8,385 prescriptions.

SWAY, meanwhile, received a $10,000 grant from the foundation to provide
scholarships for as many as 100 participants in its program, which focuses on
educating youth involved in drug and alcohol offenses about the consequences of
drinking and drug use.

The 12-hour SWAY program includes a presentation and tour of the Clark County
morgue with an assistant medical examiner, a four-hour nighttime observation in
Southwest Washington Medical Center's trauma department, and a workshop with
community leaders who describe how alcohol and drugs led to personal injuries or
the deaths of loved ones.

SWAY's value as an injury-prevention program was demonstrated in two separate
studies in 1998 and 2000 that show participants re-offend at a rate of less than
7 percent. The national recidivism rate is 25 percent to 40 percent for youth in
drug and alcohol offenses.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires


                              779 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            April 26, 2008 Saturday
                                  Mars Edition

Poll: Long Thompson gaining steam

BYLINE: ED RONCO, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 650 words


Gov. Mitch Daniels has a difficult race to run and Democrat Jill Long Thompson's
campaign for governor has gained some momentum.

Those are the findings in a new poll commissioned by The Tribune, WSBT-TV,
WISH-TV in Indianapolis and WANE-TV in Fort Wayne.

Of 400 likely Democratic primary election voters, 48 percent said they would
support Long Thompson, and 42 percent said they would back Jim Schellinger, a
South Bend native and Indianapolis architect also seeking the Democratic
nomination for the state's top job.

The poll was conducted April 23 and 24, and has a margin of error of 5 percent.

In a previous poll, conducted March 31 through April 2, Long Thompson got 42
percent of the vote to Schellinger's 41 percent. The sample size and margin of
error was identical.

Those numbers tell Long Thompson campaign manager Travis Lowe that their message
is resonating with voters, Lowe said, but also that the race remains competitive
between now and May 6.

"There are 10 days left," Lowe said. "We're taking nothing for granted."

But Jennifer Wagner, communications director for Schellinger's campaign, said
anything can happen because primary polls are generally fluid.

"But this is one heck of a primary," she said. "We've seen numbers all over the
place in the last few weeks on this."

Wagner said Schellinger is continuing to tour the state. He's presented the last
component of his multi-faceted "Pick Up Indiana" platform this week and spoke in
Jeffersonville on Friday. He's also expected to make campaign stops soon with
former Indiana first lady Judy O'Bannon.

"The next 10 days are about: Jim Schellinger is the candidate who can be the
next governor of Indiana," Wagner said. "Our message is strong and we're staying
on it."

And for the Long Thompson campaign?

"From gas taxes to restarting the economy, to making our tax systems fair for
families, and making it better for businesses, I think she's right on the
issues," Lowe said.

One thing is clear from these numbers: Long Thompson has improved but the race
is not over, said Del Ali, of Rockville, Md.-based Research 2000, which
conducted the poll.

"She hasn't sealed the deal," he said of Long Thompson. "Schellinger just hasn't
moved up if you look at the numbers. You've still got a number of undecideds
that could sway it."

What about Daniels?

A separate sample of 600 likely general election voters put Long Thompson and
Schellinger head-to-head with Gov. Mitch Daniels.

Both appear to be evenly matched against the first-term Republican.

Daniels and Long Thompson both got the nod from 45 percent of the sample, with
10 percent undecided.

Against Schellinger, Daniels still got 45 percent of the vote to Schellinger's
44 percent, with 11 percent undecided.

The margin of error was 4 percent.

"Daniels has got a very tough race," Ali said. "He's in trouble."

How much trouble could be determined by the issues voters said they care about.

Taxes and state spending topped the list, with 36 percent of respondents naming
it as the issue most likely to sway their vote for governor.

That could work to Daniels' advantage, Ali said, as Republicans traditionally do
better with voters on that.

But 20 percent of respondents said the issue that would most affect their vote
was the economy and job creation, an area where Democrats typically thrive, he
said.

If that gap narrows, Daniels could be in trouble, Ali said.

"If taxes and spending goes to 30, and economy and jobs goes to 28, I think he
could be toast," Ali said. "But we're a long way from that."

Daniels campaign manager Eric Holcomb said the campaign doesn't respond to media
polls.

"This one is significantly at odds with other professional polls we've seen. But
whether we're even or 6 points up doesn't really matter," he said. "It's not
going to change how hard Mitch works or the great story we have to tell."

Staff writer Ed Ronco: eronco@sbtinfo.com (574) 235-6353

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           November 20, 2007 Tuesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Face-off is today on Pa. gun bills;
Both sides sought votes. Rendell will appear before a House panel.

BYLINE: By Amy Worden and Thomas Fitzgerald; Inquirer Harrisburg Bureau

SECTION: NATIONAL; Inq Home Top Stories; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1104 words


HARRISBURG - Interest groups on both sides of the gun-control debate launched a
cross-state blitz to pressure lawmakers in advance of a legislative committee
vote scheduled today on three firearms bills.

In a stream of e-mails and recorded phone calls that went out across the state
during the weekend, pro- and anti-gun-control organizations urged voters to
contact members of the House Judiciary Committee to try to sway them on the
issue.

Also seeking to sway fence-sitters, Gov. Rendell, in a risky move, today is
expected to become the first sitting governor to appear before a legislative
committee in at least 20 years.

In the Capitol yesterday, the gun-control battle had lobbyists from the National
Rifle Association working the halls, and sparked a flurry of activity in front
of and behind the cameras.

A majority of Republicans on the 29-member committee gathered for an impromptu
news conference announcing their intention to try to defeat the bills, while
CeaseFirePA fired back with the results of a new poll showing a majority of
voters in targeted members' districts favored stricter handgun control.

"The only way you win this fight is to do it like a political campaign," said
Philip Goldsmith, president of CeaseFirePA. ". . . My perspective is that the
NRA is no longer the only game in town."

NRA lobbyist John Hohenwarter said he was confident that the will of the gun
group's quarter-million Pennsylvania members would prevail in the committee
vote.

"We are confident that you will see rational minds prevail," said Hohenwarter,
who postponed a bear-hunting trip to make the rounds yesterday to secure votes.
"I think you will see the proposals voted down."

Democratic support for the gun-control bills is not a given. Five Democratic
committee members - most from rural districts - voted against one of the
measures last summer.

With violent crime on the rise in Philadelphia and elsewhere, Rendell took the
unusual step last week of persuading the judiciary panel's chairman, Rep. Thomas
Caltagirone (D., Berks), to hold a first-ever committee vote on a
one-handgun-a-month bill and permission for him to make the case for tighter
handgun restrictions directly to members.

Driven in part by the spate of police shootings in Philadelphia, Rendell last
week implored lawmakers to pass handgun controls to take guns out of the hands
of criminals.

Among the three most controversial bills - all sponsored by Philadelphia
lawmakers - is one that would limit handgun purchases to one a month.
Gun-control advocates say that would help curb "straw" purchases. Pro-gun forces
say such a restriction has proven ineffective in states where it has been tried.

Another measure would allow municipalities to enact their own gun-control laws,
and the third would require gun owners to report lost and stolen weapons.

The committee also will consider a bill sponsored by House Speaker Dennis
O'Brien (R., Phila.) that would set a 20-year mandatory minimum sentence for
shooting a police officer.

Signaling a more hard-nosed approach for gun-control advocates, CeaseFirePA
reached 35,000 frequent voters in six swing districts with robo-calls on Sunday,
urging them to phone their lawmakers in support of the measures. "We have to
stop handgun violence aimed at our police in Pennsylvania," the recorded voice
of a police officer says.

The calls went to the districts of the five committee members who voted against
the lost-or-stolen reporting bill, as well as Caltagirone, who voted in favor of
the bill on June 27. The NRA also reached out to its members with recorded phone
calls.

At their news conference yesterday, 11 of 13 House Republican committee members
said they would vote against the three gun-control bills before the committee
and lambasted Rendell for proposing cuts to violence-prevention programs. Not
there were Reps. Kate Harper (R., Montgomery) and Tina Pickett (R., Bradford).

Rep. Ron Marsico (R., Dauphin), the ranking Republican on the committee, called
Rendell's scheduled appearance before the committee a "dog and pony show."

"This charade only exposes a bigger problem that the governor is ignoring," he
said, asserting that existing laws were not being enforced.

Rendell spokesman Chuck Ardo said in an e-mail that House Republicans would
rather "attack the governor than attack the problem."

"They appear to be perfectly happy with allowing the gun industry to profit
handsomely by arming both law-abiding citizens and the criminals among us," Ardo
said.

According to the CeaseFirePA poll released yesterday - which surveyed voters in
the districts of five House members who have opposed gun-control measures in the
past, plus that of Caltagirone - voters favored tougher regulation of handguns.

Support was highest, at 96 percent, for the bill that would require people to
immediately report to police lost or stolen handguns, and create a state
database to track such guns. Seventy percent across the six districts said they
supported the proposal to limit handgun purchases to one per month.

Support for the reporting measure ranged from 100 percent in Harper's 127th
District to 93 percent in the Erie County Fifth District of Republican Rep. John
Evans.

The 100 percent reading startled pollster Ben Tulchin of Greenberg Quinlan
Rosner Research. "I've never seen this in a poll before," he said.

"These are not urban, strongly Democratic districts," Tulchin said. "They are
swing districts."

"Once again the people are way ahead of the politicians," said York Mayor John
S. Brenner, a Democrat.

Hohenwarter dismissed the poll and its findings as partisan.

"You can take any topic and put together questions and come up with the desired
outcome," he said, asserting that the NRA rarely conducted polls. "We base our
positions on our membership. We don't do public-opinion polling."

Gun-Control Bills


One gun a month

would make it unlawful to buy or sell more than one handgun in any 30-day
period. It would exempt dealers, collectors, police, and security companies.

Local gun control would

allow all municipalities to regulate firearms sales. Voters would first have to
pass a ballot question accepting local regulation.

Lost or stolen firearms

would require state police to keep track. A victim of theft would have to report
it to police within 24 hours. Information would be forwarded to the state.

Murder of police officer

law would require life in prison for those convicted of first- or second-degree
murder.



Follow the battle over gun control with the latest news from Harrisburg today at
philly.com.

Contact staff writer Amy Worden at 717-783-2584 or aworden@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            November 11, 2007 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Labor won race for bigger pay raise Downtown business leaders got involved late
in opposing the boost approved by the council over the mayor's veto.

BYLINE: Christopher N. Osher The Denver Post

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. C-07

LENGTH: 398 words


The clash that led the Denver City Council to defy Mayor John Hickenlooper to
boost pay for city employees boiled down to business vs. labor.

In the end, labor claimed victory, walking away with a 4.25 percent increase in
base pay for city workers next year, up 1 percentage point from what the mayor
proposed.

The mayor was unable to sway any of the nine council members who voted Monday to
amend his budget to give city workers $2.6 million more in pay next year than
the $7 million he thought was fiscally prudent. He vetoed the measure Thursday
night, and the council overturned him Friday afternoon by a vote of 9-3.

Downtown business leaders got involved late in the process after labor already
had locked down support.

In a mass e-mail sent after the council amended the mayor's budget Monday, Tami
Door, president and chief executive of the Downtown Denver Partnership,
encouraged businesses to target Council President Michael Hancock and
Councilwoman Peggy Lehmann.

"The business community has consistently expressed support for the mayor and his
leadership team and believes that their solid financial stewardship is reflected
in the original budget," Door wrote.

Her e-mail drew a sharp rebuke from Hancock, who e-mailed Door back Friday,
saying he was "disappointed" in her tactics

"At the very least I wish you would have called to get our perspective on the
issue," he wrote.

Lehmann said she found the lobbying attempt by business interests too late and
unpersuasive.

She noted that labor leaders lobbied her weeks ago, flooding her with
information. Labor - notably the American Federation of State, County and
Municipal Employees - also persuaded Hancock. He said Monday during the
amendment vote that he had met with city employees who persuaded him to come to
their side .

Other forces were at work in addition to labor.

Denver Councilwoman Carol Boigon, the catalyst for the pay-increase plan,
secured the support of city Auditor Dennis Gallagher early on, said Gallagher's
spokesman, Denis Berckefeldt. The mayor never tried to sway Gallagher, who could
have provided ammunition to the mayor's argument that tight finances should
restrict city salaries.

Hancock, Boigon, Lehmann and fellow council members Rick Garcia, Judy Montero,
Paul Lopez, Chris Nevitt, Marcia Johnson and Doug Linkhart would not budge on
the issue.

Christopher N. Osher: 303-954-1747

or cosher@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                             June 1, 2011 Wednesday
                                  Eire Edition

READER OFFERS

SECTION: FEATURES; OFFERS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 1101 words


Weed Clear Brush The Easy Way To Get Rid Of Weeds ONLY EUR37.90 inc. p&p Ideal
for patio slabs, paving, pavement cracks, decking, tiles and driveways! The wire
brush head has over 580 steel bristles to shift stubborn moss, weeds, dirt and
grime and the 4mm Cutting Spike is ideal digging out the hard to shift weeds.

The telescopic pole extends from 90cms to 1.5mtrs. It minimises bending and
helps you avoid back strain.

Quote: IDM3343 Meerkat Wobblers Add A Touch Of Fun To Your Garden!

ONLY EUR34.90 inc. p&p Each of the four family members are made of weatherproof,
hand-painted polyresin and are ideal in borders and bushes where they will peek
out and sway in the breeze.

Sitting on individual metal springs and stakes, the meerkats are 24ins high.
Simply stake them into the ground and watch them gently sway in the slightest of
breeze.

Quote: IDM1619 Grandpa's Weeder A simple but incredibly robust cast iron weed
clamp on a sturdy wooden handle designed and invented in Seattle USA almost 100
years ago.

Designed to eliminate bending and back strain, this unique patented tool was
used for decades throughout north America because its simple ingenious design
allowed gardeners to easily pull weeds and their roots without bending, pulling
or kneeling! All you do is centre over a weed, press the clamp into the ground
around the centre of the weed and lean the handle back.

Lifetime Guarantee because it''s as well made and durable as the original.

Quote: IDM3351 Sonic Cat Repeller Safe For Wildlife And Pets! SAVE Our Sonic Cat
Repeller detects and repels cats without harming them. Easy to install, it will
protect lawns, flowerbeds, bird feeders & ponds.

The Sonic Cat Repeller uses a Passive Infra Red detection system which
constantly monitors a fan shaped area up to a distance of 12 metres. It triggers
a burst of continuously variable ultrasound when activated.

Battery operated (not included), the unit is water resistant.

Quote: IDM703 Easy Lawn Edger Simply wheel the Lawn Edger along the edge of your
lawn and the hardened steel blade trims the over-hanging grass as you go. The
blade is selfsharpening and cuts to a depth of almost 2.

ONLY EUR37.90 inc. p&p The steel shaft measures 43 long to avoid black strain,
has moulded handgrips for extra comfort and a shaped non-skid footrest to exert
extra pressure when required.

Quote: IDM2725 Hooting Owl A Great Way To Welcome Visitors Or Deter Cats And
Pests Beautifully designed, this owl ornament will welcome your visitors by
hooting and lighting its eyes whenever anyone walks in front of the PIR sensor.
Amazingly detailed, right down to the delicate feathers, it is made of durable
poly resin that will not chip or fade.

Requires 2 x AA batteries (not included), it has an on/off switch for turning
off the sound when required.

ONLY EUR34.90 inc. p&p Measures 30 x 20 x 12 cm.

Quote: IDM1865 Gardeners Slug & Snail Repellent Pack Protect Your Plants, Shrubs
And Lawn!

Our Repellent pack includes 4 metres of Slug & Snail Circles, 4 metres of Slug
barrier tape and 2 Slug & Snail Traps. ONLY EUR39.90 inc. p&p Made from durable
polypropylene with a copper foil, a small static charge is created naturally by
the copper tape in the Slug & Snail circles and barrier tape which will repel
slugs and snails from the protected area.

Just add a drop of beer to the Slug & Snail traps and trap slugs and snails
before they reach your plants and vegetables Quote: IDM2719 Folding Banquet
Table Ideal For All Those Special Occasions!

This versatile trestle style folding large banquet table instantly solves the
problem whenever extra table space is required. It seats at least six people
comfortably indoors or outside.

Robustly constructed and portable, the foldable banquet table has a durable wipe
clean surface and fold flat tubular metal legs. It measures 6ft x 2ft 5ins x 2ft
4ins (approx) when open.

The banquet table folds to just 4 thick allowing effortless portability and easy
storage when not required.

ONLY EUR99.90 inc. p&p Quote: IDM2741 Electric Garden Tiller and Cultivator It
Digs, Levels, Furrows, Burrows And Weeds!

Simple to use, its unique design cleverly places the weight over the front end
of the machine for just the right amount of pressure on the four special cutting
blades. A powerful yet quiet 280w motor drives the blades round with ease and a
clever single speed gear with slip clutch stops small stones from snagging in
them as they rotate.

ONLY EUR89.90 It has a cutting width of 150mm, cultivates to a depth of up to 5,
weighs just 11lb and is supplied with a 10m outdoor cable.

SAVE EUR40.00 Quote: IDM798 Foot Operated Logsplitter Makes Light Work Of Your
Log Pile ONLY EUR99.90 Simple and easy to use, this low cost alternative to
hydraulic logsplitters requires just a few foot pumps to crack a log up to 18ins
long and 10ins in diameter. Each step on the foot lever exerts a force of up to
1.2 tons of pressure without any upper body strength required!

Ready assembled, it is constructed from powder-coated, heavy-duty steel, it
folds down for easy storage and features a safety clip for storing the splitter
when folded.

Suitable for use both indoors and out, it measures W23cm x L85cm x H21cm (9ins x
33 ½ins x 8 ¼ins) when folded and weighs just 9.5kg.

Quote: IDM863 Cordless Trimming Shears Trims Shrubs, Hedges And Lawn Edges With
Ease!

Powered by a lithium-ion battery, the amazing 3.6V Hedge and Edge Trimming
Shears provide complete cordless freedom, and up to 40 minutes of continuous
operation on a full charge.

ONLY EUR46.90 Weighing just .8kgs, it includes two interchangeable blades. The
grass shear blade with a 80mm cutting width will make easy work of lawn edges,
while the trimming blade will cut hedges, shrubs and bushes up to 8mm in
diameter.

Comes complete with installed lithium-ion battery, charger and two blade guards.

Quote: IDM2742 2-in-1 Extendable 30cc Petrol Chainsaw and Hedge Trimmer ONLY
EUR339.90 Amazing Offer - SAVE OVER EUR100 Tackle high hedge trimming and big
branch lopping jobs quickly and safely with our ingenious petrol-powered
chainsaw lopper and hedge trimmer.

A full tank of petrol gives 40 minutes working time. The powerful 30cc power
unit and pole can quickly and simply be turned from a 40cm angle-adjustable
hedge trimmer into a 20cm chainsaw branch lopper. Each attachment is on a 66cm
pole providing 7ft of reach (max).

A FREE 76cm extension pole extends total reach to a massive 9ft 2ins.

With the FREE brush cutter and double line bump-feed grass trimmer attachment,
you have the ultimate 4-in-1 garden tool. FREE goggles, gloves and ear muffs are
also included!

Quote: IDM2742

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2011 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                             June 1, 2011 Wednesday
                                  Eire Edition

READER OFFERS

SECTION: FEATURES; OFFERS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 1101 words


Weed Clear Brush The Easy Way To Get Rid Of Weeds ONLY EUR37.90 inc. p&p Ideal
for patio slabs, paving, pavement cracks, decking, tiles and driveways! The wire
brush head has over 580 steel bristles to shift stubborn moss, weeds, dirt and
grime and the 4mm Cutting Spike is ideal digging out the hard to shift weeds.

The telescopic pole extends from 90cms to 1.5mtrs. It minimises bending and
helps you avoid back strain.

Quote: IDM3343 Meerkat Wobblers Add A Touch Of Fun To Your Garden!

ONLY EUR34.90 inc. p&p Each of the four family members are made of weatherproof,
hand-painted polyresin and are ideal in borders and bushes where they will peek
out and sway in the breeze.

Sitting on individual metal springs and stakes, the meerkats are 24ins high.
Simply stake them into the ground and watch them gently sway in the slightest of
breeze.

Quote: IDM1619 Grandpa's Weeder A simple but incredibly robust cast iron weed
clamp on a sturdy wooden handle designed and invented in Seattle USA almost 100
years ago.

Designed to eliminate bending and back strain, this unique patented tool was
used for decades throughout north America because its simple ingenious design
allowed gardeners to easily pull weeds and their roots without bending, pulling
or kneeling! All you do is centre over a weed, press the clamp into the ground
around the centre of the weed and lean the handle back.

Lifetime Guarantee because it''s as well made and durable as the original.

Quote: IDM3351 Sonic Cat Repeller Safe For Wildlife And Pets! SAVE Our Sonic Cat
Repeller detects and repels cats without harming them. Easy to install, it will
protect lawns, flowerbeds, bird feeders & ponds.

The Sonic Cat Repeller uses a Passive Infra Red detection system which
constantly monitors a fan shaped area up to a distance of 12 metres. It triggers
a burst of continuously variable ultrasound when activated.

Battery operated (not included), the unit is water resistant.

Quote: IDM703 Easy Lawn Edger Simply wheel the Lawn Edger along the edge of your
lawn and the hardened steel blade trims the over-hanging grass as you go. The
blade is selfsharpening and cuts to a depth of almost 2.

ONLY EUR37.90 inc. p&p The steel shaft measures 43 long to avoid black strain,
has moulded handgrips for extra comfort and a shaped non-skid footrest to exert
extra pressure when required.

Quote: IDM2725 Hooting Owl A Great Way To Welcome Visitors Or Deter Cats And
Pests Beautifully designed, this owl ornament will welcome your visitors by
hooting and lighting its eyes whenever anyone walks in front of the PIR sensor.
Amazingly detailed, right down to the delicate feathers, it is made of durable
poly resin that will not chip or fade.

Requires 2 x AA batteries (not included), it has an on/off switch for turning
off the sound when required.

ONLY EUR34.90 inc. p&p Measures 30 x 20 x 12 cm.

Quote: IDM1865 Gardeners Slug & Snail Repellent Pack Protect Your Plants, Shrubs
And Lawn!

Our Repellent pack includes 4 metres of Slug & Snail Circles, 4 metres of Slug
barrier tape and 2 Slug & Snail Traps. ONLY EUR39.90 inc. p&p Made from durable
polypropylene with a copper foil, a small static charge is created naturally by
the copper tape in the Slug & Snail circles and barrier tape which will repel
slugs and snails from the protected area.

Just add a drop of beer to the Slug & Snail traps and trap slugs and snails
before they reach your plants and vegetables Quote: IDM2719 Folding Banquet
Table Ideal For All Those Special Occasions!

This versatile trestle style folding large banquet table instantly solves the
problem whenever extra table space is required. It seats at least six people
comfortably indoors or outside.

Robustly constructed and portable, the foldable banquet table has a durable wipe
clean surface and fold flat tubular metal legs. It measures 6ft x 2ft 5ins x 2ft
4ins (approx) when open.

The banquet table folds to just 4 thick allowing effortless portability and easy
storage when not required.

ONLY EUR99.90 inc. p&p Quote: IDM2741 Electric Garden Tiller and Cultivator It
Digs, Levels, Furrows, Burrows And Weeds!

Simple to use, its unique design cleverly places the weight over the front end
of the machine for just the right amount of pressure on the four special cutting
blades. A powerful yet quiet 280w motor drives the blades round with ease and a
clever single speed gear with slip clutch stops small stones from snagging in
them as they rotate.

ONLY EUR89.90 It has a cutting width of 150mm, cultivates to a depth of up to 5,
weighs just 11lb and is supplied with a 10m outdoor cable.

SAVE EUR40.00 Quote: IDM798 Foot Operated Logsplitter Makes Light Work Of Your
Log Pile ONLY EUR99.90 Simple and easy to use, this low cost alternative to
hydraulic logsplitters requires just a few foot pumps to crack a log up to 18ins
long and 10ins in diameter. Each step on the foot lever exerts a force of up to
1.2 tons of pressure without any upper body strength required!

Ready assembled, it is constructed from powder-coated, heavy-duty steel, it
folds down for easy storage and features a safety clip for storing the splitter
when folded.

Suitable for use both indoors and out, it measures W23cm x L85cm x H21cm (9ins x
33 ½ins x 8 ¼ins) when folded and weighs just 9.5kg.

Quote: IDM863 Cordless Trimming Shears Trims Shrubs, Hedges And Lawn Edges With
Ease!

Powered by a lithium-ion battery, the amazing 3.6V Hedge and Edge Trimming
Shears provide complete cordless freedom, and up to 40 minutes of continuous
operation on a full charge.

ONLY EUR46.90 Weighing just .8kgs, it includes two interchangeable blades. The
grass shear blade with a 80mm cutting width will make easy work of lawn edges,
while the trimming blade will cut hedges, shrubs and bushes up to 8mm in
diameter.

Comes complete with installed lithium-ion battery, charger and two blade guards.

Quote: IDM2742 2-in-1 Extendable 30cc Petrol Chainsaw and Hedge Trimmer ONLY
EUR339.90 Amazing Offer - SAVE OVER EUR100 Tackle high hedge trimming and big
branch lopping jobs quickly and safely with our ingenious petrol-powered
chainsaw lopper and hedge trimmer.

A full tank of petrol gives 40 minutes working time. The powerful 30cc power
unit and pole can quickly and simply be turned from a 40cm angle-adjustable
hedge trimmer into a 20cm chainsaw branch lopper. Each attachment is on a 66cm
pole providing 7ft of reach (max).

A FREE 76cm extension pole extends total reach to a massive 9ft 2ins.

With the FREE brush cutter and double line bump-feed grass trimmer attachment,
you have the ultimate 4-in-1 garden tool. FREE goggles, gloves and ear muffs are
also included!

Quote: IDM2742

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2011 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                             June 1, 2011 Wednesday
                                  Eire Edition

READER OFFERS

SECTION: FEATURES; OFFERS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 1101 words


Weed Clear Brush The Easy Way To Get Rid Of Weeds ONLY EUR37.90 inc. p&p Ideal
for patio slabs, paving, pavement cracks, decking, tiles and driveways! The wire
brush head has over 580 steel bristles to shift stubborn moss, weeds, dirt and
grime and the 4mm Cutting Spike is ideal digging out the hard to shift weeds.

The telescopic pole extends from 90cms to 1.5mtrs. It minimises bending and
helps you avoid back strain.

Quote: IDM3343 Meerkat Wobblers Add A Touch Of Fun To Your Garden!

ONLY EUR34.90 inc. p&p Each of the four family members are made of weatherproof,
hand-painted polyresin and are ideal in borders and bushes where they will peek
out and sway in the breeze.

Sitting on individual metal springs and stakes, the meerkats are 24ins high.
Simply stake them into the ground and watch them gently sway in the slightest of
breeze.

Quote: IDM1619 Grandpa's Weeder A simple but incredibly robust cast iron weed
clamp on a sturdy wooden handle designed and invented in Seattle USA almost 100
years ago.

Designed to eliminate bending and back strain, this unique patented tool was
used for decades throughout north America because its simple ingenious design
allowed gardeners to easily pull weeds and their roots without bending, pulling
or kneeling! All you do is centre over a weed, press the clamp into the ground
around the centre of the weed and lean the handle back.

Lifetime Guarantee because it''s as well made and durable as the original.

Quote: IDM3351 Sonic Cat Repeller Safe For Wildlife And Pets! SAVE Our Sonic Cat
Repeller detects and repels cats without harming them. Easy to install, it will
protect lawns, flowerbeds, bird feeders & ponds.

The Sonic Cat Repeller uses a Passive Infra Red detection system which
constantly monitors a fan shaped area up to a distance of 12 metres. It triggers
a burst of continuously variable ultrasound when activated.

Battery operated (not included), the unit is water resistant.

Quote: IDM703 Easy Lawn Edger Simply wheel the Lawn Edger along the edge of your
lawn and the hardened steel blade trims the over-hanging grass as you go. The
blade is selfsharpening and cuts to a depth of almost 2.

ONLY EUR37.90 inc. p&p The steel shaft measures 43 long to avoid black strain,
has moulded handgrips for extra comfort and a shaped non-skid footrest to exert
extra pressure when required.

Quote: IDM2725 Hooting Owl A Great Way To Welcome Visitors Or Deter Cats And
Pests Beautifully designed, this owl ornament will welcome your visitors by
hooting and lighting its eyes whenever anyone walks in front of the PIR sensor.
Amazingly detailed, right down to the delicate feathers, it is made of durable
poly resin that will not chip or fade.

Requires 2 x AA batteries (not included), it has an on/off switch for turning
off the sound when required.

ONLY EUR34.90 inc. p&p Measures 30 x 20 x 12 cm.

Quote: IDM1865 Gardeners Slug & Snail Repellent Pack Protect Your Plants, Shrubs
And Lawn!

Our Repellent pack includes 4 metres of Slug & Snail Circles, 4 metres of Slug
barrier tape and 2 Slug & Snail Traps. ONLY EUR39.90 inc. p&p Made from durable
polypropylene with a copper foil, a small static charge is created naturally by
the copper tape in the Slug & Snail circles and barrier tape which will repel
slugs and snails from the protected area.

Just add a drop of beer to the Slug & Snail traps and trap slugs and snails
before they reach your plants and vegetables Quote: IDM2719 Folding Banquet
Table Ideal For All Those Special Occasions!

This versatile trestle style folding large banquet table instantly solves the
problem whenever extra table space is required. It seats at least six people
comfortably indoors or outside.

Robustly constructed and portable, the foldable banquet table has a durable wipe
clean surface and fold flat tubular metal legs. It measures 6ft x 2ft 5ins x 2ft
4ins (approx) when open.

The banquet table folds to just 4 thick allowing effortless portability and easy
storage when not required.

ONLY EUR99.90 inc. p&p Quote: IDM2741 Electric Garden Tiller and Cultivator It
Digs, Levels, Furrows, Burrows And Weeds!

Simple to use, its unique design cleverly places the weight over the front end
of the machine for just the right amount of pressure on the four special cutting
blades. A powerful yet quiet 280w motor drives the blades round with ease and a
clever single speed gear with slip clutch stops small stones from snagging in
them as they rotate.

ONLY EUR89.90 It has a cutting width of 150mm, cultivates to a depth of up to 5,
weighs just 11lb and is supplied with a 10m outdoor cable.

SAVE EUR40.00 Quote: IDM798 Foot Operated Logsplitter Makes Light Work Of Your
Log Pile ONLY EUR99.90 Simple and easy to use, this low cost alternative to
hydraulic logsplitters requires just a few foot pumps to crack a log up to 18ins
long and 10ins in diameter. Each step on the foot lever exerts a force of up to
1.2 tons of pressure without any upper body strength required!

Ready assembled, it is constructed from powder-coated, heavy-duty steel, it
folds down for easy storage and features a safety clip for storing the splitter
when folded.

Suitable for use both indoors and out, it measures W23cm x L85cm x H21cm (9ins x
33 ½ins x 8 ¼ins) when folded and weighs just 9.5kg.

Quote: IDM863 Cordless Trimming Shears Trims Shrubs, Hedges And Lawn Edges With
Ease!

Powered by a lithium-ion battery, the amazing 3.6V Hedge and Edge Trimming
Shears provide complete cordless freedom, and up to 40 minutes of continuous
operation on a full charge.

ONLY EUR46.90 Weighing just .8kgs, it includes two interchangeable blades. The
grass shear blade with a 80mm cutting width will make easy work of lawn edges,
while the trimming blade will cut hedges, shrubs and bushes up to 8mm in
diameter.

Comes complete with installed lithium-ion battery, charger and two blade guards.

Quote: IDM2742 2-in-1 Extendable 30cc Petrol Chainsaw and Hedge Trimmer ONLY
EUR339.90 Amazing Offer - SAVE OVER EUR100 Tackle high hedge trimming and big
branch lopping jobs quickly and safely with our ingenious petrol-powered
chainsaw lopper and hedge trimmer.

A full tank of petrol gives 40 minutes working time. The powerful 30cc power
unit and pole can quickly and simply be turned from a 40cm angle-adjustable
hedge trimmer into a 20cm chainsaw branch lopper. Each attachment is on a 66cm
pole providing 7ft of reach (max).

A FREE 76cm extension pole extends total reach to a massive 9ft 2ins.

With the FREE brush cutter and double line bump-feed grass trimmer attachment,
you have the ultimate 4-in-1 garden tool. FREE goggles, gloves and ear muffs are
also included!

Quote: IDM2742

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2011 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    December 11, 1988, Sunday, City Edition

Notching removes bulk from shirt cuffs

BYLINE: SANDRA KELLY

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; Pg. 13F

LENGTH: 348 words



Question: I have a beautiful piece of Pendelton wool I am making    into a
hunting shirt/jacket for my husband. How can I reduce the bulk    at the wrist
where the cuffs are attached? - Mrs. A.G., Longwood, N.C.

    Answer: This is an easy one. Take a look at the illustration. Notice    the
"conventional" trim line we usually make to trim away part of the    seam
allowance. This leaves a lot of the excess bulk created from the    gathers. But
if you "notch" out these gathers before trimming down    the seam, the bulk will
be greatly reduced. when the cuff is attached,    it will lie flat.



 Skewed skirt

   Question: I have just finished a simple jersey skirt. The skirt is
gathered at the waist and went together without any trouble. But the    back is
wanting to fold over to the front along the side seams -    especially toward
the hem area. It can't be a fitting problem because    of the style, and I know
the grain was straight when I cut out the    pattern. What is left to cause
this? - Mrs. R.M., Dudley, Mass.

   Answer: The method of sewing is the only possible cause left. If one    layer
was stretched as the seam was sewn, this could be the problem.

 Was one layer longer when the seam was sewn?



   If not, the problem is one of fit. This often happens when a person    is
sway-backed. The sway-backed figure makes a skirt longer in the back    than it
should be; this extra length tries to move to the front.



   The solution is to remove this excess length by dropping the    waistband
down at the center back and bringing it back to the original    waistline at the
side seams. The amount the band needs to be dropped    depends upon the degree
to which you are sway-backed. I must drop mine    3/4 inch to 1 inch. You can
tell how much you will need to drop your    band by simply lifting up the center
back waist until the side seams    fall into place.



LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE DRAWING; drawing shows how to reduce bulk in cuffs

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              786 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                              May 29, 1992, Friday

INSIDE TALK - MARGO D. BELLER EXTRA-LONG TRUCKS DRIVE P/C INSURERS TO SAFETY
WORRIES

BYLINE: Margo D. Beller

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 613 words


At this writing, 20 states allow the use of longer combination vehicles (LCVs)
on selectedhighways. The largest of these tandem trucks consists of three 28-
foot trailers. That's over 84 feet of truck on some very big roads.

A spokesman for the American Trucking Associations, Arlington, Va., recently old
me these are the "best trucks on the best highways with the best drivers."

The property and casualty insurance industry dislikes these trucks because they
are so hard to control, even on the best of roads under the best of conditions.

The General Accounting Office in Washington concluded in an April report that
rearward sway is 2.5 times greater for trucks with twin 28-foot trailers than
for single-trailer trucks. However, the GAO warned, sway would be 1.5 times
worse for triples than it is for twin trucks.

Last year's passage of the federal Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency
Act, as part of the $ 151 billion highway funding bill, limited LCV use to the
states which currently allow them.

But the issue is far from over. The trucking interests are carrying their fight
to the states, where intensive campaigns have begun in the remaining 30 state
legislatures to open roads to LCVs.

The Easy Way to Immortality

There is always a stream of joggers and "power walkers" circling Washington
Square in Greenwich Village, New York. These people are literally running for
their lives, trying to live forever, I suppose. (Me? I prefer the slow stroll.)

Meanwhile, the redbrick town houses sit impassively across Washington Square
North, not much changed since Henry James wrote about the neighborhood in his
1880 novel, "Washington Square".

Look closely at these graceful structures. Most of them are owned by New York
University and used for offices. Two are named the John J. Creedon House and the
Frank J. and Edwardine Tasco House.

Mr. Creedon was the president and chief executive of Metropolitan Life Insurance
Co. in New York until 1989. Mr. Tasco, until this month, was the chairman and
chief executive of Marsh & McLennan Inc., the worldwide insurance broker, also
based in New York.

"Washington Square North is Trustees Row," Alan Shapiro, NYU director of planned
giving, told me. The two insurance industry executives are "long supporters (of
NYU) in money given and time and energy provided" for university fund raising.

The embossed plaque naming the School of Continuing Education for Mr. Creedon
was put up in 1990. The brownstone down the street, the Graduate School of Arts
and Sciences, was renamed for the Tascos late last year.

This kind of immortality beats jogging by a mile.

Check the Bathroom Smoke Detectors

Employers across this country have a hard-enough time making a business work.
Increases in workers compensation and health insurance alone will drive even the
sturdiest risk manager to drink.

Well, now comes news from the Land Down Under and, boy, are your insureds going
to have a headache if this is pulled in the United States.

In the first case of its kind, an Australian court ruled Wednesday that an
employer was negligent in not protecting a non-smoker from the cigarette smoke
of her colleagues.

A Sydney district court gave the woman $ 65,000 in damages after she claimed
that breathing in tobacco smoke for 12 years had made her asthma worse,
ultimately leading to emphysema. The court was told that a complete ban on
smoking was not fully enforced until 1986, although some restrictions on smoking
had been in place as early as 1983.

The employee, 64-year-old Liesel Scholem, worked as a psychologist from 1974 to
1986 - for the New South Wales Health Department.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH COLUMN

EDITOR-NOTE: INSIDE TALK - MARGO D. BELLER

                  Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              787 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                              July 6, 2007 Friday

'Idol' factor

BYLINE: By RICH FREEDMAN/Times-Herald staff writer

SECTION: ART

LENGTH: 701 words


Never in Jasmine Trias' wildest imagination did she think she would get paid for
impersonating Britney Spears, Janet Jackson and Beyonc?. But that's the clout
one gets for finishing No. 3 in "American Idol."

Sure, winning the 2004 version of the undeniably popular TV show would have been
nice. But the 20-year-old multitalented Trias isn't complaining.

As the first Filipino-American to place so high on "Idol," Trias has already
done commercials, TV shows, and the recent three-month stint on the Las Vegas
strip.

When she first got off the plane in the Philippines after her "American Idol"
success, "it was like Michael Jackson arriving," said a stunned Trias. "I
couldn't believe it. I was swarmed with media and there was security everywhere.
A celebrity was coming out of the plane and I didn't think it was me."

Because "Idol" keeps its contestants isolated from interviews until the program
is aired, "I didn't have any idea what kind of exposure we had outside of the
show," Trias had.

It was Thursday morning and the talented Hawaiian-born Trias was preparing for
her performance tonight at The Banquet in Vallejo. The "Summer Heat" concert
includes another "Idol" performer, Sway, plus Vallejo's Urban Bushmen and
saxophonist Andrew Beal of Benicia.

"It's going to be a great show," Trias said. "I always have fun performing for a
Filipino crowd. There's so much love and appreciation."

It's basically been nonstop for Trias since the "American Idol" broadcast.

"My career has been overwhelming since then," Trias said. "The ball is rolling
and still has drive. There are so many projects coming my way. I'm blessed and
fortunate to do what I'm doing."

With "lots of endorsements" in Philippines, Trias has already received numerous
awards even before she turns 21 in November: Filipino World Class Achiever's
Award; Entertainer of the Year in Hawaii; People Magazine (Asia) People of the
Year Award; several equivalent of the Philippine Grammy awards, three awards by
the Hawaii Academy of Recording Arts, even Mobile MYX Top Picks' Ringtone of the
Week.

Then there's the "Top 100 Sexiest Women" honor of being No. 50 in FHM Magazine
in the Philippines which gets a few chuckles from the star.

"I forgot about that," said Trias. "I was like, 'Are you serious?' I guess I was
flattered."

Not as thrilled as doing well on "American Idol," a show she's wanted to
audition for since watching Kelly Clarkson win the first "Idol" in 2002.

When auditions came to Hawaii two years later, Trias was there.

"I went to Aloha Stadium with my dad two days before and camped out," she said,
laughing, "and the rest is history."


If you go What: The Summer Heat ConcertWho: Jasmine Trias, Sway, Urban Bushmen,
othersWhen: Today, 8 p.m., doors open 6:30 p.m.Where: The Banquet, Vallejo
Plaza, 3505 Sonoma Blvd.Tickets: $40 doorContact: 642-1039

Merely making the Top 12 "was an honor," Trias said. "So I wasn't disappointed I
didn't win. If I won, that would have been a complete shock to me."

Because she didn't finish in the top two, Trias wasn't contractually bound to
the whims of "American Idol" producers.

"So it's the best of both worlds," she said. "I got the exposure for being on
the show so long and I'm not tied to 'American Idol.' It worked out perfectly.
I'm happy."

Of course, she's had to live with Simon Cowell insults. But the notoriously
nasty "AI" judge also managed to compliment Trias.

"He told me that I could possibly be one of the best singers in the
competition," Trias said. "I was blown away."

That was at the Hawaii audition. When she made it to the top five or six, he
reversed field.

"He told me I wasn't good enough for the competition any more," Trias said.
"That really hurt. At the same time, I tried to ignore it. It wasn't
constructive criticism at all."

It was far more unnerving playing the Vegas strip, where Trias was a substitute
for Lani Misalucha at the Flamingo Hotel.

Performing with the Society of Seven, Trias said she was pushed beyond what she
thought were her musical limits.

"It was an amazing experience," she said. "They put a Broadway medley in front
of me and I had never done Broadway. I was so nervous."

Looking back, "what I accomplished, it was my proudest moment," Trias said.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JASMINE TRIAS, a third-place 'American Idol' finisher, is at The
Banquet in Vallejo tonight as part of the 'Summer Heat Concert.' (Courtesy
photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 19, 1998, Friday, Final Edition

For NEA, Another 'No' Vote; House Panel Fails To Back Arts Agency

Jacqueline Trescott, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 565 words


Rep. Sidney Yates (D-Ill.), a fierce protector of the National Endowment for the
Arts since its creation 33 years ago, watched yesterday as his House
Appropriations subcommittee put the agency on the road to termination for the
second year in a row.

This is only the first step in the annual fight over the agency's funding, a
fight the NEA usually loses in the House but wins in the Senate. The House
defeat didn't happen without a spirited fight from Yates, who for years held
sway as the chairman of the subcommittee on interior and related agencies.
Reminding everyone of the renewed goal of the House Republican leadership to
eliminate the NEA, Yates said, "By taking this position you are carrying out
their wishes."

Now 88, Yates plans to leave Congress in the fall after 47 years of service.
Yesterday's vote was the last time Yates's subcommittee will battle for the NEA.

His effort to get the panel to vote $ 110 million for the NEA failed by a voice
vote. He wistfully looked around at the empty Democratic seats, which had been
filled before floor votes and appointments broke into the rhythm of the session.
"Look at all the votes we lost," Yates said quietly.

Rep. Ralph Regula (R-Ohio), the subcommittee chair, said his strategy was to
present a "neutral" position to the full House, where the future of the agency
could be openly debated and funding at this year's level of $ 98 million
possibly could be restored. Last year, with extinction looming, the Senate
approved an appropriation when the House didn't, and, in the end, the Senate
numbers prevailed.

"It is an important policy issue," Regula said. "It has been controversial.
We'll get a clean floor vote, up or down for the NEA, and at least we can go to
conference and know where the House stands. The Senate historically has put the
money in."

Rep. David Obey (D-Wis.), the ranking minority member of the full appropriations
committee, snapped back, "Zero isn't neutral. Zero is nothing."

The guard is also changing in the NEA's own hierarchy.

On Wednesday afternoon William J. Ivey, the former director of the Country Music
Hall of Fame, was sworn in as the new chairman. He has worked with the NEA in
various capacities since 1975 and, in the last 10 years, has seen the battles
that have almost toppled the agency. Yet yesterday he was optimistic.

"We've known for some time that the House leadership planned yet another attempt
to target the endowment, but strong bipartisan support for this agency, in
Congress and around the country, will once again win out," he said.

In other business, the subcommittee approved $ 398 million for the Smithsonian
Institution. The appropriation includes an increase of $ 26 million for repairs.

The National Gallery of Art got $ 64 million; the Kennedy Center, $ 22 million;
the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum, $ 32 million; the National Capital Arts
Program, $ 7 million; the Woodrow Wilson Center, $ 5.8 million; the museum
component of the Institute of Library and Museum Services, $ 23 million; and the
National Endowment for the Humanities, $ 110 million.

Though Yates didn't win the first step of the long process for the NEA, the day
held a pleasant surprise for him. The committee suggested that the office annex
of the Holocaust Museum, which Yates has long supported, should be named for
him.

"I'm flabbergasted," he said.


LOAD-DATE: June 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, ray lustig, Rep. Sidney Yates helped create the NEA in 1965, but
the Democratic congressman was unable to sway his colleagues yesterday to fund
it.

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              789 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

Alaska: Kendrick Lamar, James Harden and MTV's Sway Reward and Inspire Bethel
High Students

LENGTH: 1165  words

DATELINE: Juneau


The State of Alaska has issued the following Public Notice:

Students in Bethel, Alaska, were recognized today with a star-studded celebrity
event for their victory in a national competition demonstrating their commitment
to college readiness. Hosted at Bethel Regional High School, the activities
included a rally hosted by hip hop artist Kendrick Lamar and MTV VJ Sway, a
basketball clinic by NBA player James Harden and a leadership training course
hosted yesterday afternoon by Taco Bell® CEO, Greg Creed.

In the spring of 2013, Get Schooled, a national non-profit, sponsored the
three-month competition involving 325 high schools in 14 states aimed at
improving college readiness. The friendly competition was supported by USA
Funds.

In Alaska, the Alaska College & Career Advising Corps (ACAC), a program of the
Alaska Commission on Postsecondary Education, funded by the U.S. College Access
Challenge Grant, actively engaged students at all eight ACAC schools in the
competition. In Bethel, the student council spearheaded the effort by mobilizing
their peers to participate in the competition and prepare for college.

As a result of their efforts, Bethel's students seized the top prize, coming
together to achieve a 100 percent participation rate in activities such as
Twitter chats with college experts and college exploratory sessions. Most
importantly, more than 80 percent of its graduating seniors worked with their
College & Career Guide to apply to college or technical schools.

In total, four Alaska College & Career Advising Corps high schools placed in the
top 15. Close behind BRHS, North Pole high school tied with Validus Preparatory
Academy, the Bronx, NY, for second place. Lathrop High School in Fairbanks takes
11th place, and Skyview High School in Soldotna landed in 15th.

"In the beginning, a lot of students thought our school was too small, and we
didn't have a chance," said former Bethel student leader Alfred Wallace, 18, now
a freshman at the University of Alaska Anchorage. "But once we came together as
a unified student body, we realized that we could compete with students from all
over the country. By winning, we were able to show that all it takes is
motivation and energy, and even the small town of Bethel can succeed in a
national competition."

Get Schooled, and its partners, the Taco Bell® Foundation for Teens[TM], and
Viacom, are recognizing the extraordinary efforts of Bethel Regional High
School's staff, students and community.

"Bethel is an example of what can happen when an entire community comes together
to support students in reaching their goals," said Marie Groark, executive
director of the Get Schooled Foundation. "Get Schooled, Taco Bell and Viacom are
excited to show Bethel's teens that their hard work and commitment to creating
positive futures did not go unnoticed."

About the Alaska College & Career Advising Corp

The Alaska College & Career Advising Corps (ACAC), a program of the Alaska
Commission on Postsecondary Education, funded through the US College Access
Challenge Grant Program, places recent college graduates into target high
schools where they provide classroom presentations, group workshops and
one-to-one advising aimed at increasing the number of Alaska students who enroll
in and complete college or career training.

About Get Schooled

Get Schooled is a non-profit organization that directly engages and motivates
students to graduate from high school and succeed in college. Get Schooled is
the premiere education brand for young people - linking students with high
quality, cutting edge resources and tools they need to succeed. Get Schooled has
developed a track record of success because it engages with young Americans
using the media, technology and popular culture that is an integral part of
their lives. Get Schooled's work is boosted by partners like Viacom and the Bill
& Melinda Gates Foundation. In its first three years, Get Schooled has engaged
more than 3 million young Americans and has built a network of more than 600
middle and high schools.

About Taco Bell Corp.

Taco Bell Corp. ("Taco Bell"), a subsidiary of Yum! Brands, Inc., (NYSE: YUM),
is the nation's leading Mexican-inspired quick service restaurant. Taco Bell
serves made to order and customizable tacos, burritos, and specialties such as
the exclusive Doritos® Locos Tacos, gourmet inspired Cantina Bell® Menu and
lower calorie Fresco Menu. The company encourages customers to "Live Más®," both
through its food and in ways such as its Feed the Beat® music program and
charitable organization, the Taco Bell® Foundation for Teens[TM]. Taco Bell and
its more than 350 franchise organization have nearly 6,000 restaurants across
the United States that proudly serve more than 36 million customers every week.

About Taco Bell® Foundation for Teens[TM]

Taco Bell® Foundation Inc., also known as Taco Bell® Foundation for Teens[TM],
is a not-for-profit 501(c)(3) public benefit corporation committed to inspiring
and enabling America's teens to achieve más through its programs, partnerships,
and direct financial assistance. Every year, the Foundation serves more than
100,000 teens in more than 180 communities across the country and awards more
than 300 grants and scholarships focused on education and career preparedness.
Since 1992, the Foundation has awarded more than $42 million in support of more
than 1,000 teen-serving organizations in the U.S. through customer, franchisee,
employee and vendor-partner donations. For more information visit
tacobellforteens.org, and find us on Facebook at
http://www.facebook.com/TacoBell4Teens.

About Viacom

Viacom is home to the world's premier entertainment brands that connect with
audiences through compelling content across television, motion picture, online
and mobile platforms in over 160 countries and territories. With media networks
reaching approximately 700 million global subscribers, Viacom's leading brands
include MTV,VH1, CMT, Logo, BET, CENTRIC, Nickelodeon, Nick Jr., TeenNick,
Nicktoons, Nick at Nite, COMEDY CENTRAL,TV Land, SPIKE, Tr3s, Paramount Channel
and VIVA.  Paramount Pictures, America's oldest film studio and creator of many
of the most beloved motion pictures, continues today as a major global producer
and distributor of filmed entertainment. Viacom operates a large portfolio of
branded digital media experiences, including many of the world's most popular
properties for entertainment, community and casual online gaming.

For more information about Viacom and its businesses, visit www.viacom.com. Keep
up with Viacom news by following Viacom's blog at blog.viacom.com and Twitter
feed at www.twitter.com/Viacom.

About the Alaska Commission on Postsecondary Education

The Alaska Commission on Postsecondary Education (ACPE) is the state's higher
education agency. ACPE promotes access to and success in higher education
through college & career planning services, financial aid, and consumer
protection.

For Further information please visit: http://aws.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

Alaska: Kendrick Lamar, James Harden and MTV's Sway Reward and Inspire Bethel
High Students

LENGTH: 1165  words

DATELINE: Juneau


The State of Alaska has issued the following Public Notice:

Students in Bethel, Alaska, were recognized today with a star-studded celebrity
event for their victory in a national competition demonstrating their commitment
to college readiness. Hosted at Bethel Regional High School, the activities
included a rally hosted by hip hop artist Kendrick Lamar and MTV VJ Sway, a
basketball clinic by NBA player James Harden and a leadership training course
hosted yesterday afternoon by Taco Bell® CEO, Greg Creed.

In the spring of 2013, Get Schooled, a national non-profit, sponsored the
three-month competition involving 325 high schools in 14 states aimed at
improving college readiness. The friendly competition was supported by USA
Funds.

In Alaska, the Alaska College & Career Advising Corps (ACAC), a program of the
Alaska Commission on Postsecondary Education, funded by the U.S. College Access
Challenge Grant, actively engaged students at all eight ACAC schools in the
competition. In Bethel, the student council spearheaded the effort by mobilizing
their peers to participate in the competition and prepare for college.

As a result of their efforts, Bethel's students seized the top prize, coming
together to achieve a 100 percent participation rate in activities such as
Twitter chats with college experts and college exploratory sessions. Most
importantly, more than 80 percent of its graduating seniors worked with their
College & Career Guide to apply to college or technical schools.

In total, four Alaska College & Career Advising Corps high schools placed in the
top 15. Close behind BRHS, North Pole high school tied with Validus Preparatory
Academy, the Bronx, NY, for second place. Lathrop High School in Fairbanks takes
11th place, and Skyview High School in Soldotna landed in 15th.

"In the beginning, a lot of students thought our school was too small, and we
didn't have a chance," said former Bethel student leader Alfred Wallace, 18, now
a freshman at the University of Alaska Anchorage. "But once we came together as
a unified student body, we realized that we could compete with students from all
over the country. By winning, we were able to show that all it takes is
motivation and energy, and even the small town of Bethel can succeed in a
national competition."

Get Schooled, and its partners, the Taco Bell® Foundation for Teens[TM], and
Viacom, are recognizing the extraordinary efforts of Bethel Regional High
School's staff, students and community.

"Bethel is an example of what can happen when an entire community comes together
to support students in reaching their goals," said Marie Groark, executive
director of the Get Schooled Foundation. "Get Schooled, Taco Bell and Viacom are
excited to show Bethel's teens that their hard work and commitment to creating
positive futures did not go unnoticed."

About the Alaska College & Career Advising Corp

The Alaska College & Career Advising Corps (ACAC), a program of the Alaska
Commission on Postsecondary Education, funded through the US College Access
Challenge Grant Program, places recent college graduates into target high
schools where they provide classroom presentations, group workshops and
one-to-one advising aimed at increasing the number of Alaska students who enroll
in and complete college or career training.

About Get Schooled

Get Schooled is a non-profit organization that directly engages and motivates
students to graduate from high school and succeed in college. Get Schooled is
the premiere education brand for young people - linking students with high
quality, cutting edge resources and tools they need to succeed. Get Schooled has
developed a track record of success because it engages with young Americans
using the media, technology and popular culture that is an integral part of
their lives. Get Schooled's work is boosted by partners like Viacom and the Bill
& Melinda Gates Foundation. In its first three years, Get Schooled has engaged
more than 3 million young Americans and has built a network of more than 600
middle and high schools.

About Taco Bell Corp.

Taco Bell Corp. ("Taco Bell"), a subsidiary of Yum! Brands, Inc., (NYSE: YUM),
is the nation's leading Mexican-inspired quick service restaurant. Taco Bell
serves made to order and customizable tacos, burritos, and specialties such as
the exclusive Doritos® Locos Tacos, gourmet inspired Cantina Bell® Menu and
lower calorie Fresco Menu. The company encourages customers to "Live Más®," both
through its food and in ways such as its Feed the Beat® music program and
charitable organization, the Taco Bell® Foundation for Teens[TM]. Taco Bell and
its more than 350 franchise organization have nearly 6,000 restaurants across
the United States that proudly serve more than 36 million customers every week.

About Taco Bell® Foundation for Teens[TM]

Taco Bell® Foundation Inc., also known as Taco Bell® Foundation for Teens[TM],
is a not-for-profit 501(c)(3) public benefit corporation committed to inspiring
and enabling America's teens to achieve más through its programs, partnerships,
and direct financial assistance. Every year, the Foundation serves more than
100,000 teens in more than 180 communities across the country and awards more
than 300 grants and scholarships focused on education and career preparedness.
Since 1992, the Foundation has awarded more than $42 million in support of more
than 1,000 teen-serving organizations in the U.S. through customer, franchisee,
employee and vendor-partner donations. For more information visit
tacobellforteens.org, and find us on Facebook at
http://www.facebook.com/TacoBell4Teens.

About Viacom

Viacom is home to the world's premier entertainment brands that connect with
audiences through compelling content across television, motion picture, online
and mobile platforms in over 160 countries and territories. With media networks
reaching approximately 700 million global subscribers, Viacom's leading brands
include MTV,VH1, CMT, Logo, BET, CENTRIC, Nickelodeon, Nick Jr., TeenNick,
Nicktoons, Nick at Nite, COMEDY CENTRAL,TV Land, SPIKE, Tr3s, Paramount Channel
and VIVA.  Paramount Pictures, America's oldest film studio and creator of many
of the most beloved motion pictures, continues today as a major global producer
and distributor of filmed entertainment. Viacom operates a large portfolio of
branded digital media experiences, including many of the world's most popular
properties for entertainment, community and casual online gaming.

For more information about Viacom and its businesses, visit www.viacom.com. Keep
up with Viacom news by following Viacom's blog at blog.viacom.com and Twitter
feed at www.twitter.com/Viacom.

About the Alaska Commission on Postsecondary Education

The Alaska Commission on Postsecondary Education (ACPE) is the state's higher
education agency. ACPE promotes access to and success in higher education
through college & career planning services, financial aid, and consumer
protection.

For Further information please visit: http://aws.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 19, 1996, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Macarena line dance holds sway over USA

BYLINE: Jodi S. Cohen

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 216 words


C'mon baby, let's do the -- Macarena?

The beat-happy song-and-line-dance craze that began in Spain and
made the club scene has gone beyond just a radio and MTV hit.

It's a staple at weddings, bar mitzvahs, barbecues and baseball
games (33,000 moved in unison at a recent Seattle Mariners game).
Today even TV's Regis and Kathie Lee will sway hands and hips
as Macarena experts demonstrate the hottest dance since the Electric
Slide.

Like the Hokey Pokey, Macarena's simple rhythm and steps (the
hand jive meets the bunny hop) are contagious.

"It's spreading through all demographics," says Frankie Blue
of New York's WKTU-FM, which spins Macarena (Bayside Boys Mix)
60 times a week.

"You can't help but dance to it," says Billboard's Fred
Bronson. It's No. 4 on the singles chart and "definitely still
gaining in popularity."

First recorded in 1993 by Los Del Rio, a middle-age Spanish duo
(the guys in suits on the video), the tune didn't become a hit
in the USA until Florida DJs the Bayside Boys remixed it with
English lyrics.

The refrain "Hey, Macarena!" gets everyone moving, says Bayside
Boy Michael Triay. At a party, "you have to play Macarena,"
he says.

"It's wonderful some Latin culture is hitting hard in the U.S.''

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, RCA Records; 'Hey, Macarena!' The catchy Spanish tune
inspired a dance craze that has made its way to the USA and is 'still gaining in
popularity.'

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              792 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                            October 30, 1989 Monday

SWAY PLAY KILLS 2 ON BRIDGE

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: AAPINTNEWS

LENGTH: 255 words


Sway play kills 2 on bridge HEBER SPRINGS, Arkansas._ A pedestrian bridge with
as many as 50 people on it collapsed at the weekend, killing two people and
injuring 18, police said yesterday. Police said those on the bridge had been
rocking the span back and forth. Four to six people were missing after the
15m-high, 90m-long suspension bridge fell into the Little Red River, said Wayne
Milligan of the Cleburne County Sheriff's Office. Rescue crews with chain saws
cut through thick timbers and brought in cranes to remove the wreckage of the
77-year-old bridge and look for people who might be trapped underneath. ""The
cable on the upstream side broke and the bridge fell to one side. The other
cable broke and the whole thing came down," Milligan said. Daniel Rafferty, part
of a church group visiting the recreational spot, said: ""It just happened so
quickly that no one had a chance to cry for help. They didn't know what
happened. It was pure terror. Arms were flailing. People were panicking.
Everyone was trying to save themselves." Killed were a teenage boy and a woman
in her 20s who were members of the church group, said Coroner Dwight Olmstead.
Eighteen people were taken to Cleburne County Memorial Hospital in nearby Heber
Springs, said hospital administrator George Fray. ""Most of the injuries were
broken bones," he said. Little Rock, the capital of Arkansas, is nearly 100km to
the southeast. The bridge, built in 1912, has become a popular recreation spot
since it was closed to vehicles in 1972. AP

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1989 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              793 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             July 29, 2008 Tuesday

Strong earthquake shakes Southern California

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 870 words


LOS ANGELES (AP)   The strongest earthquake to strike a populated area of
Southern California in more than a decade rattled windows and chandeliers, made
buildings sway and sent people running into the streets on Tuesday. But there
were no immediate reports of serious injuries or major damage.

The 5.4-magnitude quake   considered moderate   was felt from Los Angeles to San
Diego, and as far east as Las Vegas, 230 miles away. Nearly 30 aftershocks
quickly followed, the largest estimated at 3.8.

The quake was centered 29 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles near Chino
Hills, a San Bernardino County city of 80,000 built mostly in the early 1990s
with the latest in earthquake-resistant technology.

Buildings swayed in downtown Los Angeles for several seconds, leading to the
evacuation of some offices.

"I'm still shaking. My knees are wobbling. I thought the building might
collapse," said Rosana Martinez, 50, who works in a fifth-floor office at the
California National Bank in downtown Los Angeles.

As strong as it felt, Tuesday's quake was far less powerful than the deadly
magnitude-6.7 Northridge earthquake that toppled bridges and buildings on Jan.
17, 1994. That was the last damaging temblor in Southern California, though not
the biggest. A 7.1 quake struck the desert in 1999.

The earthquake had about 1 percent of the energy of the Northridge quake, said
Thomas Heaton, director of the earthquake engineering and research laboratory at
the California Institute of Technology.

"People have forgotten, I think, what earthquakes feel like," said Kate Hutton,
a seismologist at Caltech. "So I think we should probably look at it as an
earthquake drill. ... It's a drill for the 'Big One' that will be coming some
day."

Disneyland visitor Clint Hendrickson, 32, said he was in the Golden Horseshoe
theater watching a show when the temblor hit.

"The ground moved and the chandelier started shaking," he said. "We are from
Texas and we thought it was part of the show, until people started yelling, 'Get
under the tables!"'

Attractions at Disneyland and Disney's California Adventure theme parks and at
the Knott's Berry Farm theme park were temporarily closed for inspections after
the shaking.

The quake interrupted a meeting of the Los Angeles City Council, causing the
27-story City Hall to sway just as Councilman Dennis Zine was criticizing a plan
to increase trash fees.

"And there goes the earthquake   earthquake, earthquake, earthquake!" said Zine,
as members of the audience began to cry out. "The building is rolling!"

California's Office of Emergency Services received scattered reports of minor
infrastructure damage, including broken water mains and minor gas leaks in
homes.

"Nothing serious enough to be an immediate threat to lives, but there is some
disruption to utility service," spokesman Kelly Huston said. The damage was in
the greater Los Angeles area.

Minor structural damage was reported throughout Los Angeles, along with five
minor injuries and people stuck in elevators, said City Councilwoman Wendy
Greuel, serving as acting mayor. She said there was flooding in one department
store.

The California Department of Transportation and California Highway Patrol were
assessing freeways to check for damage. Traffic appeared to be flowing easily,
however.

"I think we were very lucky with this one," Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said.

The jolt caused a fire but no injuries at a Southern California Edison
electrical substation in La Habra, about 12 miles southwest of the epicenter,
spokesman Paul Klein said. Damage there and to other equipment led to some power
outages in Chino Hills, Chino, Diamond Bar and Pomona, he said.

Near the epicenter, all the customers of a Chino Hills Starbucks ran outside and
bags of coffee beans fell off shelves, worker Jamie Saleh said.

"It was very, very strong. It was rolling and ... there wasn't a pause," said
Saleh, 24. "It came on really strong and just kept going."

Chino Hills was incorporated in 1991, so much of the construction is newer and
built to modern safety standards, said city spokeswoman Denise Cattern. She said
there were no reports of harm in the city of 80,000, although cell phone service
in the area was disrupted. The biggest employer in town, the school district, is
out of session.

"At this point, the biggest impact we can report is getting through on cell
phones. ... And a few little rattled nerves," Cattern said.

"It was dramatic. The whole building moved and it lasted for a while," said Los
Angeles County sheriff's spokesman Steve Whitmore, who was in the sheriff's
suburban Monterey Park headquarters east of Los Angeles.

In Orange County, about 2000 detectives were attending gang conference at a
Marriott hotel in Anaheim when a violent jolt shook the main conference room.

Mike Willever, who was at the hotel, said, "First we heard the ceiling shaking,
then the chandelier started to shake, then there was a sudden movement of the
floor."

Chris Watkins, from San Diego, said he previously felt several earthquakes, but
"that was one of the worst ones."


Associated Press writers Thomas Watkins, John Rogers, Don Thompson, Gillian
Flaccus, Alicia Chang, Michael Blood, Solvej Schou and Danny Pollock contributed
to this report.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Corey Dixon, 14, sifts through deodorant to purchase from K-Mart during
the aftermath of an earthquake centered 29 miles southeast of downtown Los
Angeles near Chino Hills on Tuesday. It was the strongest earthquake to strike a
populated area of Southern California in more than a decade.(Associated Press)
All Chico E-R photos are available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 31, 2011 Sunday

Urban chicken debate continues

BYLINE: Jon Swedien, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 663 words


July 31--Despite two failed attempts in the past year to allow Eau Claire
residents to own urban hens, advocates of the idea say the chicken debate isn't
over.

"I definitely think the people who care about it are going to continue to
fight," said Eau Claire City Councilman Andrew Werthmann, who sponsored the
measure the council shot down on Tuesday.

The council voted 5-5 last week to deny a proposed pilot project designed to
educate citizens about urban hens and determine whether the idea is workable in
the city. Six affirmative votes were required to approve the measure. Council
member Dave Duax, who has not supported chicken raising in the past, was absent.

Last summer the council voted down a different proposal that would have allowed
the keeping of hens in the city.

Backers of allowing urban hens appear to have two choices before them. They
could offer new concessions to make the pilot project more attractive to
skeptical council members. Or they could wait until after the April election to
return with a hens proposal in the hope that another council member more
amenable to the idea is elected.

Some council members who voted against hens said they would have preferred the
pilot project included a provision requiring hen owners to garner 100 percent
neighbor approval. The proposal didn't have such a provision.

But advocates of the idea -- some of whom have organized under the name Eau
Claire Leaders for Urban Chicken Keeping -- may be reticent to concede that
provision. The appeal of a pilot project is that it would expose skeptics to
urban hen raising, said Brad Henderson, a supporter of the measure and an ECLUCK
member.

Henderson and others are confident residents concerned about chickens being
smelly, noisy and posing other problems would be convinced otherwise if they
lived next to urban hens.

However, some council members appear reticent to change their minds about urban
hens.

"The reaction I get from large numbers of people in the community is they don't
want any chickens, period," said Councilman Dana Wachs, who voted against the
hen proposal.

Wachs said a provision requiring neighbor approval for housing hens may sway a
majority of the council, but he said he's not sure he would support the measure
even if it included that requirement.

If advocates want to sway the council to support hens, they need to convince
more city residents first, said Councilman Bob Von Haden, who voted against the
pilot project. He said ECLUCK should talk to the various neighborhood
organizations around Eau Claire, convince them chickens won't be a nuisance, and
then come back to City Hall.

"It comes down to getting support from a larger block of people," Von Haden
said.

Council member Larry Balow isn't convinced urban hens are necessarily a good
idea, he told his council colleagues Tuesday. But he voted in favor of the pilot
project because he believes the idea of urban hens is gaining momentum and may
eventually be approved. Other cities in Wisconsin and elsewhere in the U.S. have
adopted similar measures.

Balow said introducing the pilot project now would be a more measured approach
than an ordinance that would authorize hens without the regulations -- such as
limits on the number of hens at any residence and the number of city residents
allowed to house hens -- that could potentially be passed in the future.

Werthmann said the urban hens issue could play a small role in next year's
elections. While the average voter is unlikely to vote for a council candidate
based on their stance on hens, he points to ECLUCK's Facebook page that has a
large following as evidence the idea has support.

To see more of The Leader-Telegram or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadertelegram.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Leader-Telegram, Eau
Claire, Wis. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110731-EW-Urban-chicken-debate-continues-0731-20110731

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2011 The Leader-Telegram


                              795 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                   October 23, 1996, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Sway your hips to the Tongoneo

BYLINE: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 183 words

DATELINE: MIAMI BEACH, Fla.


A sexy sway of the hips. A few pelvic thrusts. Some simple arm movements. A
catchy Latin rhythm. Put it all together and it's likely the next step in the
Latin line dance craze.

First came the Macarena, which shook baseball stadiums and political arenas
alike and sits atop the Top 40 charts.

But move over Macarena, here comes the tongoneo.

Exposed navels, tight-fitting halter tops and skimpy miniskirts dominated the
dress as contestants at a recent tongoneo contest on Miami Beach strutted for TV
cameras.

In Spanish, a tongoneo is a seductive hip movement. As a new song and dance,
will it follow the Macarena to the top of the charts?

"It's way better than the Macarena and you can incorporate what you want to
incorporate," says Catalina Montes, a finalist in the nationwide tongoneo
contest that concluded in September on Miami Beach. "And it keeps you in shape."

The Macarena took years to catch on. The tongoneo is less robotic and slightly
more complicated. It combines a series of turns, quick steps, hip swaying and
pelvic thrusts that make Elvis look stiff.


LOAD-DATE: October 24, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Alan Diaz, Associated Press / RHYTHM: Tami Isenberg shows the
sexy moves of the Tongoneo

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           January 17, 2015 Saturday

Lobbyists champion Bay area's interests [JUMP]They ask lawmakers to
OK[#x2028]funds in upcoming budget;
They ask lawmakers to OK funds in upcoming budget

BYLINE: JAMES L. ROSICA Tribune/Scripps Capital Bureau

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; NationWorld; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 959 words



HIGHLIGHT: The path to a $1 billion redevelopment of downtown Tampa likely will
go through Tallahassee - and right past the office of super-lobbyist Brian
Ballard on its way to the Capitol. It's one example of the many Tampa Bay
concerns that have registered lobbyists to sway lawmakers during the upcoming
60-day legislative session.


TALLAHASSEE - The path to a $1 billion redevelopment of downtown Tampa likely
will go through Tallahassee - and right past the office of superlobbyist Brian
Ballard on its way to the Capitol.

It's one example of Tampa Bay interests that have enlisted registered lobbyists
to sway lawmakers during the upcoming 60-day legislative session.

Along with the usual crowd that hires lobbyists, such as local school districts
and homegrown companies, newer concerns with interests in Tampa also are
represented, such as Uber and craft beer.

With big money on the table every time the state writes a budget, lobbying is
big business.

Roughly $1.6 billion was spent in Florida on lobbying in the five years from
2008-13, according to the National Institute on Money in State Politics.

Since Florida lists lobbyist compensation in ranges, that dollar amount is more
of a median, said Pete Quist, the institute's research director.

Lobbyists have begun stalking the halls of the Capitol as lawmakers meet in
committees in advance of the annual session, which this year runs March 3 to May
1.

Here are some concerns with interests in the Tampa Bay region, and what they're
looking to get out of Tallahassee this session:

[diams] University of South Florida. Tampa Bay Lightning owner Jeff Vinik has
pledged to redevelop 28 acres in the Channel District.

Vinik's Strategic Property Partners will carry out much of the work involving
realigning roads, building new sidewalks and improving drainage.

The grand plan, however, includes a new University of South Florida medical
school and the USF Health Heart Institute.

Enter Brian Ballard, a Republican and lobbying veteran, whose Ballard Partners
firm has six offices across the state, including Tallahassee and Tampa.

Ballard and four others are registered to lobby for Strategic Property Partners
this year, state records show.

Ballard told Tribune/Scripps he is assisting the university through the budget
process to secure the state funding needed for the medical school.

The biggest thing we can do is educate lawmakers on how important this is to
Tampa and the rest of Florida, he said. I can tell you we already have great
support.

State Rep. Dana Young of Tampa, the House Republican leader, needed no
convincing.

Referring to descriptions of the redevelopment plan she heard, I wouldn't call
that lobbying, she said in a text message. It's such a great project!

[diams] Uber. The smartphone app-based hired car service has been fighting to
offer service legally at Tampa International Airport and elsewhere in
Hillsborough County.

It's come up against the county's Public Transportation Commission, which
regulates taxi and limo service.

Most recently, regulators there issued a cease-and-desist letter to the company,
which was promptly ignored.

Uber and Lyft, a competitor, have argued they're technology companies, not taxi
services, and shouldn't be regulated as such.

The company wants lawmakers to exempt it from local regulation of wait times and
fares. Unlike cabs, Uber's prices can spike during times of high demand, such as
bad weather.

Taxi and limousine companies in Florida and across the country view the services
as unfair competition. The Florida Taxicab Association has three lobbyists
registered to work on its behalf before the Legislature.

On the other hand, San Francisco-based Uber lists 16 lobbyists for the session,
including Ballard, former Republican Party of Florida chairman Al Cardenas, and
Jennifer Green, another influential Tallahassee lobbyist.

Lyft wasn't listed in lobbyist registration records this year.

State Sen. Jeff Brandes, R-St. Petersburg, who chairs the Senate Transportation
committee, pushed bills last year on Uber's behalf but they died before reaching
the floor.

[diams] Craft beer. This could be the year that the Legislature finally passes a
measure allowing half-gallon growlers, the refillable jugs used to take home
craft beer on tap.

Florida allows quart-size and gallon-size growlers, but not the most popular
half-gallon size. Measures in recent years to legalize 64-ounce growlers have
died amid opposition by groups representing beer distributors.

State Sen. Jack Latvala, R-Clearwater, is backing another bill this year to
allow half-gallon growlers, which the Anheuser-Busch-affiliated Florida Beer
Wholesalers Association says it will now support.

The Tampa Bay region is considered the epicenter of Florida's craft beer
movement, with breweries such as Cigar City, Green Bench and Florida Avenue.

Its trade group, Florida Brewers Guild, returns to the Capitol with lobbyists
Josh Aubuchon and Mark Delegal, another veteran. They'll be angling to sell
lawmakers on the growler bill.

The beer wholesalers will be represented by Mitch Rubin and Chip Case, records
show.

The Beer Industry of Florida, which represents MillerCoors distributors, has
five lobbyists on tap, including Eric Criss, the organization's president.

[diams] Tampa Electric Co. The utility has 21 people lined up to lobby on its
behalf this session.

The number includes former state Sen. Ellyn Bogdanoff of Fort Lauderdale and
Mike Corcoran.

He's brother of state Rep. Richard Corcoran, R-Land O' Lakes, the current House
Appropriations chairman who is slated to become speaker in 2017-18.

For this session, we expect energy policy issues may play a bigger role, TECO
spokeswoman Cherie Jacobs said in an email. That said, it is not a significant
increase in lobbyists over previous years.

Jacobs didn't say what those issues were, though bills have been filed to put
restrictions on power companies' billing process and to overhaul the Florida
Public Service Commission, which regulates many utilities.

jrosica@tampatrib.com

(850) 765-0807

Twitter: @jlrosicaTBO

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             June 10, 2004 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Supporters Push For 'Living Wage' In Hillsborough

BYLINE: JOE HUMPHREY, jhumphrey@tampatrib.com

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 537 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


COMMISSIONERS HEAR FROM OPPONENTS, TOO

By JOE HUMPHREY

jhumphrey@tampatrib.com

TAMPA -- Marjorie Bowens-Wheatley remembers having to make the hard choice: Pay
the electric bill or feed her young child.

So she showed up Wednesday to help sway Hillsborough County commissioners
considering a request to enact a "living wage" in Hillsborough County. Such a
law would guarantee that county workers and those of companies doing business
with the county will earn wages that exceed federal poverty standards.

The county already pays full-time employees well above the federal minimum wage
of $5.15 an hour, but companies it hires are not held to the same standard. Even
some of the wages paid by the county fall below a measure called "living wage."

A task force that spent seven months studying the issue mainly examined two
proposed minimum wages: $7.33 and $9.97 an hour. The Hillsborough Organization
for Progress and Equality is pushing for the higher rate.

"I want my government to model justice," said Bowens-Wheatley, minister at the
Unitarian Universalist Church of Tampa. "My wages are higher than that, but I've
been there, and I know what it's like."

Commissioners didn't make a decision at the evening meeting, which was preceded
by a rally at the county center.

One of the key speakers made note of happenings downtown just a few hours
earlier.

"We witnessed a huge parade. We witnessed jubilation over the winning of the
Stanley Cup," said the Rev. W.L. Lee, president of HOPE. "Are we to be champions
only in sports?

"Why can't we be champions of justice?" he asked, his comments building in
intensity just as the storm clouds above. "Of fairness? ... Of equality?"

The comments did not sway a county task force that stood against a living-wage
ordinance because, it argues, the cost would outweigh the benefits. The task
force found the $7.33 wage would affect a few dozen employees, but a $9.97 wage
would affect more than 120 employees at a cost of about $252,000. However, at
that level, the need to bump up other salaries would affect more than 700 more
employees and cost $1.3 million, according to the task force.

Adding companies that the county hires would add millions to the bottom line,
the report said.

Instead, the task force suggested the county try to help low-income residents
improve access to affordable health care, child care, transportation, housing
and education. It also wants to create a program to help residents get an
estimated $12 million in federal Earned Income Tax Credits that they are not
claiming.

The program is a start, supporters of the wage increase said, but not enough.

A full-time worker earning $7.33 an hour makes less than $300 a week; those at
the $9.97 wage would earn about $400 weekly.

(CHART) WHAT'S NEXT

The Hillsborough County Commission will consider a request Wednesday for an
ordinance to raise the minimum wage. A time has not been scheduled, though
public comment will be accepted shortly after the meeting starts. It will begin
at 9 a.m. on the second floor of the Fred B. Karl County Center, 601 E. Kennedy
Blvd.

Reporter Joe Humphrey can be reached at (813) 259-7691.

Copyright © 2004, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: GOVERNMENT

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 2 CHART
Tribune photos by JAY CONNER Supporters of a "living wage" gather outside the
County Center in Tampa on Wednesday for a meeting with commissioners. "Why can't
we be champions of justice? Of fairness? ... Of equality?" asks the Rev. W.L.
Lee, referring to a pay increase that would keep workers above the federal
poverty level.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2004 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              798 of 998 DOCUMENTS




                                  Guardian.com

                                 April 5, 2005

Students can swing 27 seats say NUS

LENGTH: 640 words



HIGHLIGHT: Students could sway the results in 27 key constituencies, the
president of the National Union of Students, Kat Fletcher, said today at the
start of the union's annual conference.


Students could sway the results in 27 key constituencies, the president of the
National Union of Students, Kat Fletcher, said today at the start of the union's
annual conference.

The annual NUS meeting kicked off in Blackpool today as the prime minister Tony
Blair formally announced that the general election will take place on May 5.

Ms Fletcher told the 1,000-strong conference: "We don't just want students to
turn out at polling stations, we want them to cast an informed and empowered
vote. As a population, we're 5.2m strong, 13% of the electorate. The student
vote alone could change the result in 27 constituencies."

Her speech took on the issues of the general election, top-up fees and the
future direction of the NUS.

She acknowledged the financial mess the union is in. "It's been a tough year.
Not the year I was expecting, not the year I would have chosen. The financial
estimates you have in your delegate packs set out the picture loud and clear.
NUS is in trouble - we're spending half a million more each year than we get."

She added: "Financial stability and delivery for all our members is still a way
off."

The financial statement made to delegates sets out how the union is again facing
a £500,000 deficit this year - plus an extra £200,000 on top of that for
expenses involved in delaying a move for its headquarters to Manchester, a move
which was designed to save money.

The union is still smarting over the failure of its campaign to stop the
government introducing top-up fees in England. Ms Fletcher, who was elected to
the post of president a year ago on the day that MPs voted to introduce top-up
fees, acknowledged that had been disappointing, but highlighted the continued
battle to stop top-up fees spreading to other parts of the United Kingdom.

But she said she wanted people to know the NUS for the range of campaigns they
run, not just for its campaign on student debt. "We're all too often simply
branded as the "fee-fighters" but we're concerned with a wide range of issues,
based upon policy as diverse and dynamic as the students we represent," she
said.

She highlighted their campaign against rogue landlords, for better benefits for
students up to the age of 19, and "liberation" campaigns on women, lesbian, gay
bisexual and transgender issues and black students' issues.

The NUS has been running a campaign to get the student vote out along with the
Electoral Commission. Students are often automatically registered to their
parents' address, and if they are living away from home, unless they register,
they often forfeit their vote. The deadline for registering to vote in time for
the May 5 election passed last month.

Today students at the conference sported maroon coloured wristbands as a symbol
to encourage students to vote.

Liberal Democrat research has identified 14 seats where there are enough
students to take them from second place to beat Labour, and 13 where they could
go from second to beat the Tories. It is based on all students voting in their
university rather than home constituencies.

The Liberal Democrats hope their anti-tuition fee campaign will secure them the
student vote. Research by the housing student housing company Unite, published
in January, revealed that at the end of last year Labour would have got 28% of
the student vote, the Liberal Democrats 34% and the Conservatives 19%.

Seats the NUS say could be swung by the student vote

Birmingham Yardley

Bournemouth East

Bournemouth West

Bristol West

Cambridge

Canterbury

Cardiff Central

Cities of London & Westminster

Dorset West

Eastbourne

Haltemprice & Howden

Holborn & St Pancras

Isle of Wight

Islington South & Finsbury

Leeds North West

Liverpool Riverside

Manchester Gorton

Manchester Withington

Newcastle-upon-Tyne Central

Oldham East & Saddleworth

Orpington

Oxford East

Sheffield Central

Surrey South West

Taunton Wells

Westmorland & Lonsdale

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright  2005  Guardian Unlimited.Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All rights reserved


                              799 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           November 6, 1993 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BIG CITRUS GROUP DROPS OPPOSITION TO FREE-TRADE PACT

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 528 words

DATELINE: LAKELAND


Florida's biggest citrus industry group has dropped its opposition to the North
American Free Trade Agreement and a spokeswoman for Florida Citrus Mutual said
Friday she hopes the state's congressional delegation will follow suit.

The citrus group announced its support for NAFTA after receiving assurances that
growers would be protected from sudden surges in orange juice shipments from
Mexico.

``The Florida congressional delegation was supportive of our need for
concessions,'' said Mary Hartney, spokeswoman for Florida Citrus Mutual in
Lakeland. ``Now that we have these concessions, we would hope they would support
our position.''

Florida Citrus Mutual has been among the most vocal opponents in Florida to the
free-trade accord, and its shift could sway some members of the Florida
congressional delegation to vote for NAFTA.

``For us, the concessions make the difference,'' Hartney said. ``We are not
against free trade, we just wanted a level playing field, and these concessions
provide that level playing field.''

But the sugar industry, also a key opponent of the agreement, has not yet said
whether the assurances it received Wednesday are enough to sway its opposition.

Though the American Sugar Cane League decided to switch its NAFTA position
because of the side agreement, some Florida growers are holding out.

``We are waiting to see if the concerns of all of Florida agriculture have been
adequately addressed before getting on board,'' said Barbara Miedema,
spokeswoman for the Clewiston-based Sugar Cane Growers Cooperative of Florida.

Miedema was referring to the state's vegetable growers who are still unhappy
with NAFTA.

Vegetable growers said the agreement would work too slowly to help them. NAFTA
calls for growers to petition the International Trade Commission to protect them
when a foreign grower sends a ``surge'' of exports across the border.

``There's still nothing in there for us. It just doesn't give us the protection
that we need. It would take too long to implement. We're talking about
perishable commodities here - peppers and tomatoes,'' said Mike O'Hara,
spokesman for the Florida Fruit & Vegetable Association.

Executives in Florida's $1.7 billion-a-year winter vegetable industry remain
opposed to NAFTA unless they get concessions similar to those granted citrus.

Rep. Tom Lewis, a North Palm Beach Republican who has led Florida congressional
opposition to NAFTA, said this week that he might reverse his opposition if
Florida's agricultural concerns are addressed. Lewis' district includes the
sugar-growing region south of Lake Okeechobee.

``It appears citrus concerns have been addressed, but our position is we're
still opposed to NAFTA until vegetable concerns are met,'' said Tom Rogers, a
senior vice president with Jack M. Berry Inc. in LaBelle and president of the
Gulf Citrus Growers Association.

If approved by Congress, NAFTA would ease trade barriers between Mexico, the
United States and Canada. The vote is expected Nov. 17. Supporters say the
accord would create the largest free-trade market in the world, with 370 million
people and a $6 trillion joint economy.

= Staff writer Stephen Pounds contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday

US Federal Contract award: MARVIN ENGINEERING CO., INC (Virginia) Wins Federal
Contract worth $54171.00 for "16--NRP,PAD,SWAY BRACE"

LENGTH: 72  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Defense Logistics Agency:, DLA Acquisition Locations, has granted
federal contract (No.SPE4A716T6359) on March 29, 2016 for "16--NRP,PAD,SWAY
BRACE" to MARVIN ENGINEERING CO., INC (Virginia), The total value of the
contract is $54171.00.

Contractor Award Details: DLA AVIATION ASC SUPPLIER OPER AE AND AF DIV 8000
JEFFERSON DAVIS HWY RICHMOND VA 23297 USA

Point of Contact(s): CANDICE ORTIZ804-279-2088 CANDICE.ORTIZ@DLA.MIL



LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            July 17, 1997, Thursday

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; COLLEGE GRADUATES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 775 words



Christopher D'Angelo received his diploma from the Southeastern Institute of
Culinary Arts in St. Augustine after completing the institute's two-year  degree
program in commercial foods and culinary arts. A 1994 graduate of  Central High
School, D'Angelo works at the Fireside Inn, Brooksville. He is  the son of Mary
and Charles D'Angelo of Spring Hill.

   Stacy Porton received a bachelor's degree in interpersonal communications
from the University of Central Florida, Orlando. She is an administrative
support assistant at Productivity Point International in Orlando. Porton is  the
daughter of Pauline and Morris Porton of Spring Hill.

   Maria Pastore received a bachelor's degree in psychology from Saint Leo
College, Saint Leo. A 1993 graduate of Springstead High School, she plans to
attend graduate school. Pastore is the daughter of Marie and Anthony Pastore  of
Spring Hill.

   Stephan M. Lampasso received his juris doctor from Mercer University,  Walter
F. George School of Law, Macon, Ga. He was president of the student  body during
his third year. He also received the Wall Street Journal Student  Achievement
Award for his contributions in community and organizational  involvement. He is
returning to Tallahassee to begin Bar review study.  Lampasso is a 1988 graduate
of Springstead High School and a 1992 graduate of  Florida State University,
Tallahassee.

   Douglas J. Sway received a bachelor's degree in civil engineering from
Florida State University, Tallahassee. A 1992 graduate of Hernando High  School,
he is the son of Suzie and Larry Sway of Brooksville.

   Deanna A. Levesque received an associate's degree in science from Kansas
State University, Manhattan. Levesque is serving with the U.S. Army in Fort
Riley, Kan. She is the granddaughter of Jacquelyn and Robert Boudreau of  Spring
Hill and the daughter of Ann Boudreau of Homossasa and Denis Levesque  of
Nashua, N.H.

   Amy Marie Pallo received an associate's degree from Pasco-Hernando  Community
College. She was a member of Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society and will  attend the
University of South Florida in Tampa this fall to major in  elementary
education. Pallo is the daughter of Linda and Frank Pallo of Spring  Hill.

   Beverly Bozman and Edward Bozman Jr. received bachelor's degrees in public
administration from Saint Leo College, Saint Leo. Mother and son graduated  with
honors and attended almost every class together. Both graduated from
Pasco-Hernando Community College with honors in 1995. Edward simultaneously
attended the dual enrollment program at Hernando High School and graduated in
the top 10 percent. Mrs. Bozman received an honorary medal from PHCC for  having
a 4.0 grade-point average. Edward Bozman works for the Southwest  Florida Water
Management District and plans to pursue a career in public  service. Beverly
Bozman, who has worked for the Hernando County school  district for six years,
is now a driver's education assistant at Hernando High  School. Beverly and
Edward Bozman are the wife and son of Edward Bozman Sr. of  Masaryktown.

   Christine McGuire received an associate's degree in psychology from
Miami-Dade Community College, Miami. She plans to pursue a career as a  criminal
profiler. A 1988 graduate of Springstead High School, she is the  daughter of
Toni and Jim Dottori of Brooksville and Jim McGuire of Miami.

   Kimberly Rouse received an associate's degree in nursing from  Pasco-Hernando
Community College. She was nominated for the Clinical  Excellence Award and
graduated with honors with a 3.912 grade-point average.  She is employed at
Spring Hill Regional Hospital. A 1994 graduate of  Springstead High School, she
is the daughter of the Rev. and Mrs. Ray Rouse of  Spring Hill.

   Kimberly Ann Duffy received a bachelor's degree in international studies
from New Mexico State University, Las Cruces. She plans to work as a
Japanese-English teacher in Niigata, Japan. Duffy is the daughter of Patricia
Walsh and Alfred Duffy of Weeki Wachee.

   Dana Lorne Rice received a juris doctor degree from Samford University
Cumberland School of Law, Birmingham, Ala. His honors and activities included
presidential merit scholarship, Law Review, scholar of merit in professional
ethics, Phi Delta Phi, Board of Trial Advocacy and American Bar Association
Negotiation National Team. She works at the law office of Shumaker & Rice in
Centre, Ala. Rice is the daughter of Claire Rice of Brooksville and the late
Fred Rice.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              802 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Metro Herald (Ireland)

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Where Americans go to stand still;
The Californian city of SANTA BARBARA is the kind of place, once discovered, you
don't want to leave, as David Gordon soon found out...

BYLINE: SANTA BARBARA

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 601 words


Iguessed I was heading somewhere slightly different when I was joined at the
train queue at LA's union station by people carrying bicycles, skateboards and
surfboards. After about 30 minutes of traversing the vast suburbs of the city,
The Amtrak Pacific surfliner began to live up to its name when I finally caught
sight of the Ocean, lined with hundreds of RVs and caravans.

Pulling into santa Barbara some 90mins later, the train doors opened to an
oven-like heat into which poured dozens of thrill-seekers with their surfboards,
and me with my oversized suitcase. After checking into my penthouse apartment
(no less), I walked the short distance towards the waterfront. As I did, it
became apparent I was the only person attempting to rush anywhere. As I watched
passers-by, I realised that while everyone was busy going somewhere they were
doing so at a very relaxed pace.

This was explained to me by steve Hyslop, owner of the aptly named endless
summer Café, as a very 'santa Barbara thing' and means residents enjoy long,
lingering meals and a laid-back lifestyle. While I enjoyed lunch overlooking the
busy marina towards stearns Wharf - with palm trees swaying against the backdrop
of the santa Ynez Mountains - I was inclined to think I'd fit right in.

That thought stayed with me as I took myself on an urban Wine Trail. santa
Barbara is surrounded by vineyards. To save locals and visitors having to make
their way out into the mountains, the wine producers have come to town and
opened numerous winetasting rooms. The trail allows for various tastings, and
purchases, although there is a danger the combination of heat and alcohol means
that after a few stops, you may forget where you've been... The refreshing walk
out to stearns Wharf is made all the more memorable when you turn around and
look back towards the beach: you are met with an awe-inspiring view, which looks
like a backdrop to a film set. I stood for nearly an hour simply soaking up my
surroundings. The wooden wharf, parts of which date back to 1872, is an
attraction in its own right, and is home to a number of speciality shops and
restaurants.

santa Barbara has a plethora of excellent restaurants, especially around state
street, many of which are tucked away in stunning spanish-style courtyards. Food
has an obvious Mexican influence and, of course, much use is made of locally
caught fish. I enjoyed trying guacamole and ceviche (raw fish marinated in lime
& chilli). There are also a number of Irish bars if you are desperate for a
taste of home.

santa Barbara offers a vast selection of accommodation options, ranging from
blow-out five-star resorts to humble B&Bs. I stayed at the very well appointed
Brisas del Mar Apartments. The complimentary afternoon wine & cheese and evening
milk & cookies were a nice touch and the outdoor pool was a very welcome escape
from the heat.

Visitors often make the mistake of allocating only a day or two in santa
Barbara. A common mantra heard is 'I wish I had known it was so nice here and
I'd have arranged to stay longer'. As I closed the door of my apartment to head
back to the train, I found myself thinking the same thing.

David stayed at Brisas Del Mar Apartments. www.brisasdelmarinn.com

GETTING THERE

For his triple destination US trip, David flew with United Airlines from Belfast
to New York. Flights are also available direct from Dublin. He travelled between
the cities with Amtrak on their Southwest Chief, Pacific Surfliner and the
Sunset Ltd services. A bespoke package, including flights, trains and hotels can
be arranged through American Holidays. www.americanholidays.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sway-cation: Palm trees sway against the backdrop of the Santa Ynez
Mountains

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MTReire


                          Copyright 2013 Metro Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    February 25, 2000, Friday, Final Edition

Surhoff Stays Around As Orioles' Homebody

Dave Sheinin , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 881 words

DATELINE: FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla., Feb. 24


It was around the middle of December when B.J. Surhoff's pleasant offseason of
quality family time, house-building and five-times-a-week workouts was jolted by
disturbing news being generated 3,000 miles from his suburban Baltimore home. At
the winter meetings in Anaheim, Calif., the Orioles were involved in trade
discussions with the New York Mets concerning Surhoff, and Surhoff didn't like
what he was hearing.

Only a year earlier, Surhoff had signed a three-year, $ 13 million deal, turning
down other, potentially more lucrative offers, and only two months earlier he
had wrapped up a career season, in which he hit .308 with 28 homers and 107 RBI,
made his first all-star team and extended the majors' longest active
consecutive-games played streak to 324.

"I understand the whole business of the game," Surhoff said today, following the
Orioles' spring workout. "But I didn't sign back here to be traded a year later.
If I wanted to go to New York, I would've [signed with] New York before. It was
a little unsettling, a little irritating. . . .

"I made a commitment to [the Orioles], and I feel they should honor it. It's not
like I didn't play well and didn't do what they asked me to do."

In the end, nothing came of the trade talks--which Syd Thrift, the Orioles' vice
president for baseball operations, insisted were initiated by the Mets--except
hurt feelings on Surhoff's part and a minor controversy concerning Surhoff's
partial no-trade clause.

When Surhoff signed his contract, he was given the right to name six teams to
which he could not be traded. He never named the six teams, because it was never
an issue. However, as soon as he found out about the talks with the Mets, he had
his agent, Gregg Clifton, dash off a fax containing a list of his six no-trade
teams, with the Mets prominently at the top. Surhoff also phoned Orioles owner
Peter Angelos to discuss the matter.

Had the Orioles tried to go through with a trade, it would have made for an
interesting fight. Club officials and other team executives around baseball
insist it is up to the player to provide the list of no-trade teams, and that,
without the list in place, the club could have traded Surhoff anywhere--which is
why the club says it never pursued the list.

Surhoff and the players association contend it is up to the team to secure the
list ahead of time, pointing out that the player has the right to change the
list at the end of every season. Surhoff acknowledges that ultimately, had it
gone that far, the dispute probably would have been decided by an arbitrator.

Today, some two months later, Surhoff called the Mets' interest in him
"flattering," typical of his modesty. But it was merely one more piece of
evidence of the heightened perception of Surhoff around the game.

At age 35, when most players are in the autumn of their careers or at the very
least trying to maintain their productivity, Surhoff, a model of consistency, is
coming off the best season of his career. He attributes the improvement simply
to staying healthy, and having the benefit of runners on base ahead of him and
Albert Belle hitting behind him.

"The most important thing to me is I've been healthy enough and productive
enough to play, so the manager knows he can count on me," Surhoff said. "That's
more satisfying than anything else."

His satisfaction over last season is tempered by the Orioles' 78-84,
fourth-place finish and all its attendant dissension. Surhoff disagreed strongly
with the assessment, offered at times last season, that the Orioles had
chemistry problems in the clubhouse--a veiled way of saying Belle's presence
caused friction.

"Albert wasn't a distraction at all," Surhoff said. "Most of the guys are secure
enough in their selves that they don't worry about what the other guys are
doing. But we all need to be on the same page, and I don't think we were last
year. And when I say everybody, that includes ownership and management on down.
. . .

"Certain guys' attitudes can be swayed easier than others, more of an ebb and
flow. Some guys' are more consistent. Hopefully if we get off to a better start,
we can sway the guys who tend to sway either way."

There is no sway on how Surhoff fits into this year's team. New manager Mike
Hargrove confirmed today he expects Surhoff to play exclusively in left field,
bat mostly in the third position and be in the lineup every day.

Having repeated last winter's offseason workout, designed by Orioles strength
and conditioning coach Tim Bishop, a fighting-trim Surhoff is preparing himself
again for the rigors of playing a full 162-game season. His modest games-played
streak--"Somebody has to have it," he said--leaves him about 16 full seasons
behind teammate Cal Ripken's record. Instead of a run at the Iron Man, Surhoff
said he would settle for playing as often as he can and finishing his career
with the Orioles, something he has intended all along.

"I was planning to make my home here," he said. "The thought of picking up and
moving, although I wouldn't be the first to have that happen, I wouldn't have
been very happy with it. . . . I'd like to finish my career here. I don't
necessarily have that in my control, but that's what I would like to be able to
do."



LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              804 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 13, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Word for Word/National Anthems;
O Patriotic Hymns! You Enslave Us With Blood Lust and Self-Praise!

BYLINE: By TOM KUNTZ

SECTION: Section 4; Page 7; Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 876 words


THE other day Ted Turner criticized "The Star-Spangled Banner" for being a "war
song" -- glorifying bombs bursting in air and what have you. At a Fourth of July
celebration in Philadelphia, the media baron suggested that "America the
Beautiful" would be a national anthem more befitting these times of relative
peace.

Put the matter to a general vote, said the man who would crown the good of
American community life with the theme of brotherhood. Nevermind that Mr.
Turner, the owner of the Atlanta Braves, has been known to join in the tomahawk
chops and war whoops of Braves fans after the playing of the national anthem at
games.

Of course, Mr. Turner has a point about the anthem being about war and violence.
But in this "The Star-Spangled Banner" is hardly alone, as the excerpts from
other national anthems below demonstrate. In many places around the world, one
person's stirring patriotic tribute is easily another's windy panegyric to
blood-drenched nationalism. Let's start with what the French will be singing
tomorrow on Bastille Day.   TOM KUNTZ

After its adoption as France's national anthem in 1795, the revolutionary
"Marseillaise" was sung at every state function -- including executions at the
guillotine, where it fit right in:


Arise you children of our Motherland,

Oh now is here our glorious day!

Over us the bloodstained banner

Of tyranny holds sway!

Of tyranny holds sway!

Oh, do you hear there in our fields

The roar of those fierce fighting men?

Who came right here in our midst

To slaughter sons, wives and kin?

To arms, oh citizens!

Form up in serried ranks!

March on, March on!

And drench our fields

With their tainted blood!


But other countries' anthems are no less steeped in mayhem. Vietnam's sure is:

Our flag, red with the blood of victory, bears the spirit of our country.

The distant rumbling of the guns rumbles with our marching song.

The path to glory passes over the bodies of our foes. . . .

So is Mexico's:


Mexicans, when the trumpet is calling,

Grasp your sword and your harness assemble.

Let the guns with their thunder appalling,

Make the earth's deep foundations to tremble. . . .

Denmark's hails violence Nordic-style:

King Christian stood by the lofty mast

In mist and smoke;

His sword was hammering so fast,

Through Gothic helm and brain it passed.

Many anthems extol violent patriotic fervor by citing triumphs over past
injustices. Across the globe, there is a fixation on bondage and slavery. Here's
Belgium's version:

From out the tomb of bondage and slavery

Has Belgium at last risen free. . . .

And China's:

Arise! ye who refuse to be slaves!

With our flesh and blood, let us build our new Great Wall! . . .

And Guatemala's:

Guatemala, blest land, home of happy race,

May thine altars profaned be never;

Nor yoke of slavery weigh on thee ever.

Nor may tyrants e'er spit in thy face. . . .

Even tiny countries like to strut their stuff, sort of:

Yes, Monaco always had brave men.

We all are their worthy descendants.

We were never slaves

And far from us ruled the tyrants. . . .

Not that a national anthem is always a good indicator of a nation's true
inclinations, warlike or otherwise. For more than a century these have been the
lyrics to Japan's:

May Thy peaceful reign last long!

May it last for thousands of years,

Until this tiny stone will grow into a massive rock

And the moss will cover it, all deep and thick.

Germany uses the same Haydn melody that carried the "Deutschland, Deutschland
uber Alles" lyrics of the Hitler years, but now the anthem is no more
supremacist than "God Save the Queen":

Unity and right and freedom

For the German Fatherland,

For this let us all fraternally

strive each with heart and hand. . . .

A few other countries manage to avoid martial themes altogether, like
Bangladesh, whose syrupy lyrics could have come straight out of Tin Pan Alley:

O mother mine, words from your lips

Are like nectar to my ears.

Ah, what a thrill!

If sadness, O mother mine, casts a gloom on your face,

My eyes are filled with tears!

Other anthems appear to lose something in cross-cultural transmission:

Syria's plains are

Towers in the heights,

Resembling the sky

Above the clouds.

A land resplendent

With brilliant suns,

Becoming another sky

Or almost a sky.

But other countries make it all too clear where they stand -- Libya among them:

O World, look up and listen!

The enemy's army is coming,

Rising to destroy me.

With truth and with my gun I shall repulse him.

And should I be killed,

I would kill him with me.

Sing with me --

Woe to the Imperialists!

And God is above the treacherous tyrant.

God is Greatest!

Therefore glorify him, O my country,

And seize the forehead of the tyrant

And destroy him!

Postscript: A handful of countries have anthems with no lyrics at all. Most
notable among them is Russia, which after the collapse of Communism replaced the
Soviet anthem with music from "A Life for the Czar," an opera by Glinka. Russia
thus joins tiny Kuwait in eschewing jingoistic lyrics, although one suspects the
Persian Gulf emirate, erstwhile "province" of neighboring Iraq, is perhaps
circumspect for different reasons.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Countries revel in patriotic gore in anthems and elsewhere. A
detail of "Liberty Leading the People" by France's Delacroix.

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              805 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                                January 25, 2010

ISTA scandal could sway election;
Fraud case may limit powerful union's political influence

LENGTH: 1784 words


ISTA scandal could sway election Fraud case may limit powerful union's political
influence

The Indiana State Teachers Association entered the 2010 legislative session
hobbled. And a securities-fraud case Secretary of State Todd Rokita brought
against the union last month could make matters worse, blunting its ability to
help elect Democrats in November.

The ISTA long has been one of the most powerful forces in Indiana politics and
the largest source of campaign cash for Democrats running for the Indiana House
of Representatives. But Rokita's complaint seeks to freeze all ISTA assets until
a conservator or receiver can sort out the scandal over its insolvent Insurance
Trust.

In a close election year, ISTA's troubles could tip the Statehouse balance of
power-giving Gov. Mitch Daniels a GOP majority for his last two years in office.
The Democrats now have a 52-48 edge in the House, while the GOP has a commanding
33-17 majority in the Senate.

For Democrats, sidelining the ISTA would be like stripping Republicans of
support from the Indiana Chamber of Commerce or the Indiana Manufacturers
Association.

"[ISTA is] terribly important, because they're one of the organizations that
really does lean in one direction at election time," IUPUI political science
professor Bill Blomquist said.

"We have a lot of interest groups in Indiana politics that give heavily to both
sides, and mostly favor incumbents over challengers. Few lean to one side."

In May, Warren Williams, then ISTA's executive director, resigned after state
regulators discovered a $67 million deficit in ISTA's Insurance Trust. The
trust, which provided health and long-term disability benefits to teachers, had
only $19 million in assets, 88 percent of which were invested in high-risk
private equities or hedge funds.

In the wake of the scandal, the Washington, D.C.-based National Education
Association temporarily took over the trust, and bought ISTA's downtown office
building. Within a month, several teachers filed a lawsuit seeking class-action
status against union leaders and their financial advisers. ISTA and the NEA then
sued Williams and Robert Frankel, the trust's former director.

Rokita, a Republican, jumped into the fray late in the year, filing a civil
complaint that seeks an accounting of ISTA's funds and the freezing of its
assets. Rokita's Securities Division has asked for an expedited hearing, but a
date hasn't been set yet.

A weakened giant

ISTA officials say their organization remains formidable. The union still has
48,000 members and a $23 million annual budget, though employment over the past
year has fallen from 176 to 82.

Three-quarters of staff cuts were finance and administration positions related
to running the Insurance Trust, ISTA President Nathan Schnellenberger said.

The Insurance Trust provided health care benefits to more than 2,000 teachers.
Their benefits are now being administered by the local office of
UnitedHealthcare, a Minnesota-based health insurer.

ISTA continues to handle disability payments to the 650 teachers covered under
that plan. To free up money to apply toward those obligations, the union boosted
annual membership dues $40, to $489.

It's unclear whether Rokita's investigation or other litigation eventually could
force ISTA to set aside millions of dollars to restore lost Insurance Trust
principal.

While the trust debacle may have been embarrassing, it hasn't diminished the
union's political influence one iota, Schnellenberger insists. ISTA's rivals
will spend 2010 testing that theory.

"Has any of this affected, or will it affect, our lobbying or our election work?
No," Schnellenberger said. "We'll continue to lobby for the children of Indiana
for what we think's best for public education, and we'll continue to work for
candidates who support public education, just as we have in the past."

As usual, ISTA's three-person lobbying team is pressing the union's positions
this legislative session about school spending, education policy and the state
budget.

ISTA's separate political action committee historically has been one of the
biggest sources of campaign cash in Hoosier elections, contributing about $1.5
million-primarily to Democrats-in every two-year cycle.

Unlike teachers' membership dues, PAC contributions are voluntary.
Schnellenberger said 70 percent of ISTA members give the suggested $24 or more
annually, and they've kept up their donations despite the Insurance Trust
scandal.

Perhaps even more important, ISTA regularly mobilizes many of its 48,000 members
on behalf of the candidates it supports.

Indiana Chamber of Commerce President Kevin Brinegar acknowledged ISTA's clout.
He said both his organization and the ISTA recognize their resources can make or
break tough campaigns in key legislative districts.

"In the last election, there were about a dozen [Indiana House] races decided by
500 votes or less," Brinegar said. "When you've got that many close races, for
any one candidate to have superior resources to be on the radio every week, get
an extra piece of direct mail out, or have an extra-coordinated get-out-the-vote
campaign on Election Day, that can make the difference."

Longtime teacher

Visit Schnellenberger's ninth-floor office at 150 W. Market St. and you'll be
treated to a terrific view. The Statehouse rotunda is across the street. Amid
the hardwood floors, potted plants, flat-screen television and small private
kitchen, Schnellenberger has posted ISTA's slogan: "No whining. No excuses. No
drama. Just results."

The 58-year-old came up through the union the long way. He spent 33 years as a
science and driver's education teacher, all but four of them 170 miles southwest
of Indianapolis at Forrest Park Junior/ Senior High School in the town of
Ferdinand, population 2,336.

As a teacher, he saw the benefits of ISTA membership in addressing everything
from contract negotiations to classroom conditions. As a result, he was more
than happy to volunteer for the political candidates ISTA supported, handing out
literature door to door.

"Everything about an education employee's job is controlled by an elected
official, either in the Statehouse or on a school board," Schnellenberger said.
"Because of that, by necessity, ISTA should be involved in those processes."

ISTA's political choices, such as which Statehouse bills to support or
candidates to endorse, all originate at the grass-roots level, Schnellenberger
said. They then percolate up through the union's Issues and Concerns Committee.

Both Republicans and Democrats can earn ISTA's support, Schnellenberger said,
but contributions skew away from the GOP because of its positions on a host of
issues, from standardized testing to collective bargaining.

"For me, it's not about political parties," Schnellenberger said. "It's about
supporting those people who support public education, in the way that we see
public education, the way we feel it should be delivered."

Toeing the line?

David Orentlicher was one such candidate. He represented the House's 86th
District-one of the most competitive in the state-from 2002 to 2008. Over
several campaigns, he received $94,900 in ISTA contributions, records show.

Orentlicher, who's now exploring a run for Marion County prosecutor, said ISTA's
candidate-evaluation process involved a questionnaire and interview. He said the
union was especially helpful mobilizing the 200 to 300 people he needed each
Election Day to stand outside polling sites and hand out his leaflets.

An IUPUI law professor, Orentlicher said he regularly voted his conscience. It
just happens that his education philosophy aligns with ISTA's.

"I don't doubt there are times when legislators will, if they're unsure how to
vote, they might be influenced by donors," Orentlicher said. "In my case, what
happened is I voted as I thought, and sometimes I lost support [from other
donors] because of that. That's the way it needs to be."

State Rep. Nancy Dembowski, DKnox, has received even more support from ISTA,
with contributions totaling $114,500 since 2004. Dembowski expects a tough
re-election campaign this year. But she said she doesn't have to toe a line
dictated by ISTA to continue receiving its money.

"I don't know I ever felt they demanded complete adherence to every position
they take," she said. "They want you to be accessible and to come discuss their
issues so you understand them. They're reasonable enough to understand this is a
difficult time, and they need to participate in the same pain everyone is a part
of."

ISTA agenda

ISTA's biggest battle this session is protecting education funding as the state
tries to bounce back from a recession that dragged down tax revenue.

On Dec. 28, Daniels ordered $297 million cut from K-12 public education. School
funding is about half the state's budget, or $6.5 billion annually. The governor
already had sliced 20 percent in spending at state agencies and 6 percent from
higher education.

With the help of Indiana Superintendent of Public Instruction Tony Bennett, the
Indiana State Board of Education then laid out a "Citizen's Checklist" of
recommendations on how to absorb Daniels' cuts.

ISTA recently added its voice to the debate, arguing that school corporations
should instead tap their cash reserves and rainy day funds to get through the
next year without laying off teachers. ISTA wants the Legislature to allow
schools to shift more money from their capitalprojects funds and cut all
appropriations for virtual charter schools and privateschool tax credits.

Rep. Greg Porter, D-Indianapolis, immediately incorporated ISTA's agenda into
House Bill 1367, which House Speaker Pat Bauer, D-South Bend, then endorsed.

Before the session concludes in March, legislators also will debate potential
shifts in the distribution of school funding and two other ideas the union
strongly opposes-elimination of teacher collective bargaining, and the
introduction of merit pay.

Then ISTA's real test will come in November, said Daniel Seitz, managing
principal of lobbying firm Bose Public Affairs Group.

"There are those who rightly, or hopefully, believe that ISTA has been impaired,
and may be less of a force," he said. "Clearly, the governor's agenda is always
very forward-thinking. Some of the things he wishes to do with education have
not had the full support of ISTA."

"They'll be looking to see whether there's an opportunity."

Stephen Graham, a retired University of Indianapolis political science
professor, believes any ISTA weakness will be temporary.

"Their power can wane from session to session," Graham said. "But for the long
term, they're going to be an important player in Indiana state politics. ...
They're going to continue to be a powerful voice for schoolteachers in this
state."

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            November 9, 2009 Monday

Contra Costa Times Nov. 9 Letters from our readers

BYLINE: Letters from our readers Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LETTERS; Opinion

LENGTH: 660 words


Poor ideas

Times columnist Dan Borenstein envisions a single payer system as the solution
to our health care problems. Actually, single payer and the so-called "public
option" are very bad ideas.

Single payer produces a system of rationing with treatment decisions made by the
single payer: the federal government.

The decisions about what treatment you receive and when you receive it will be
based on whatever cost/benefit or political calculations the single payer
chooses to make.

With single payer, there is no incentive for the consumer to shop for the most
efficient, lowest cost service provider. Costs will be controlled by forcing
people to wait in long lines and restricting treatment options.

The current "public option" proposals in Congress would also cause more harm
than good.

Costs for private insurance will skyrocket as health care providers shift costs
from an expanded government system to a smaller private system.

Anyone who says "you can keep your private health care" under these proposals is
insulting your intelligence.

Millions will have to abandon their current plans due to mandated cost
increases.

We should expand affordable insurance options for the poor.

Unfortunately, the "public option" plans proposed by Congress will make us all
poor.

Mike McDermott

Concord

Memory differs

In a recent Times article I read, Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger was portrayed as
one who tried mightily to bring health care reform to California. My memory
differs from that characterization.

Groups of dedicated health administrators, legislators, policy analysts and
volunteers had studied, vetted and promoted single-payer health care in
California. In 2003 and 2004 it was known as SB 921. Hundreds of organizations
had endorsed the legislation.

In 2005 and 2006, it became SB 840 (Sheila Kuehl) and passed both houses of the
Legislature. Schwarzenegger refused to sign the bill into law, claiming it was
"socialism." One interpretation of that is, it did not perpetuate insurance
companies.

In 2007 and 2008, SB 840 (Kuehl) again passed both houses of the Legislature and
again Schwarzenegger refused to sign the bill, crying "socialism."

Now it is called SB 810 (Mark Leno), and we pray for a governor less in
alignment with the insurance companies.

Joan Bartulovich

El Cerrito

Neo-Palestinians

In the Aug. 19 Time magazine Mahmoud Abbas is quoted, "We have failed in the
peace process with Israel, It has weakened us."

Abbas is pondering how he has failed in the peace process with Israel. It is a
simple answer. Abbas has not renounced the Palestinian charter which calls for
the destruction of Israel.

Abbas is quite ready to except the West Bank for a Palestinian State but the
neo-Palestinians are not ready for peace, just the destruction of Israel.

A quote from the prime minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu, "The peace talks
are a waste of time," the Palestinian Authority will not renounce its charter
which calls for the destruction of Israel. A Palestinian State next to Israel is
ludicrous, it wouldn't ever be a peaceful neighbor.

The Palestinians do not need a second homeland. Jordan is Arab Palestine. All
Palestinians in Jordan or elsewhere are Jordanian citizens.

The destruction of Israel, by one means or another remains the supreme goal of
the neo-Palestinian people.

Abbas is a clone of Arafat. He is disingenuous and insincere with his entire
agenda of peace with the Israelis. These neo-Palestinians have zero entitlement
for any part of Israel.

Andy Weiss

San Ramon

Bridge sways

The Bay Bridge sways on purpose. This question is suitable for engineers, but I
remember learning in grade school that the suspension bridge section is built to
sway 20 feet horizontally at roadbed level in a strong, gusty, 90 degree
crosswind.

I think I experienced this several decades ago in a strong crosswind when my car
at about 50 mph involuntarily changed a full lane in an instant.

Fortunately it was 3 a.m. Sunday with no other cars nearby.

Martin A Easton

Clayton

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 Independent Tribune (Concord, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 8, 2007 Sunday

Philip Morris plant closing may sway election

BYLINE: Justin Vick, Independent Tribune, Concord, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 549 words


Jul. 8--CONCORD -- Philip Morris USA's decision to move its North Carolina
operations to Richmond, Va., may prove to be a deciding factor in the Nov. 6
municipal elections.

Five of the seven members who sit on the Concord City Council are running for
re-election in the fall. And all five of those incumbents say the cigarette
manufacturer's intent to close its plant off U.S. 29 by 2010 will be among the
key issues discussed during the campaign.

Dr. Hector Henry II, sixth district councilman, said while managing growth has
always been a concern in Concord, now isn't the best time for a change in
leadership given the departure of Philip Morris.

"It's a good time to keep the same team," Henry said.

Particularly when the city is looking at budget cuts to recoup lost revenue
generated from the closing of the Philip Morris plant, he said.

In 2006, the plant paid about $11.9 million in city and county taxes, while
employees donated $900,000 to 30 non-profit organizations.

Henry said people who are familiar with the city and its budget can make quick
decisions while maintaining existing city services and quality of life.

The Cabarrus County Board of Elections began registering candidates Friday for
the Nov. 6 election, and so far, Concord incumbents are running unopposed. The
filing period will remain open until July 20 at noon.

Jim Ramseur, second district councilman, said the reshaping of Concord after
Philip Morris leaves town is critical. He said residents can count on him to
keep the plant's 2,100 acres zoned for industrial use rather than residential.
Maintaining the property's industrial zoning will ensure the creation of new
jobs, he said.

"We do not need unbridled residential housing projects on the Philip Morris
property to overcrowd our schools and put more and more cars on our already
packed roads," Ramseur said.

Last year, the value of the land was assessed at $1.1 billion.

Randy Grimes, seventh district councilman, knows of a handful of Philip Morris
employees that live within his subdivision, and acknowledged the loss of the
plant will have implications for the city and its tax base.

"It's a significant issue that's going to be a multiyear problem," he said.

But Philip Morris isn't the only issue candidates will stump for in the coming
months.

"Obviously, the interbasin transfer is still the big issue," said District 2
Councilman David Phillips.

Though Concord and Kannapolis were granted the authority by the state to use
water from the Catawba and Yadkin river basins, the water supply's existing
users have appealed the decision in court.

"We've got to get that finally resolved," Phillips said. "It's being appealed,
and that's one of the most significant issues that's got to be dealt with for
years to come."

Improving local traffic and roads was another issue brought up by incumbents.

--Contact Justin Vick: 704-789-9138.

To see more of the Independent Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.independenttribune.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Independent Tribune,
Concord, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070708-IP-Philip-Morris-plant-closing-may-sway-election-0708

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IP


                       Copyright 2007 Independent Tribune


                              808 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             October 9, 2009 Friday
                                   L2 Edition

Demand tightening of money spigot

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 455 words


It's time to sound the alarm again. About six weeks ago, Gov. Pat Quinn stood
with the top legislative leaders and vetoed a flawed bill that made a lame
attempt to limit some campaign donations. They pledged to work with groups
demanding real limits to bring a bill for a vote this fall.

House Speaker Michael J. Madigan's representatives appeared Thursday at a reform
coalition's news conference to say he'd allow a campaign funding bill to get a
hearing next Wednesday, but it is missing the main change that matters.

The plan Madigan will allow to be heard does not limit the money he and the
three other legislative leaders can give to their candidates.

Madigan's people said candidates need to be free to accept unlimited funding
from their leaders "to protect them from attacks by special interests and defend
them against smear campaigns from unregulated out-of-state groups."

What a canard. If that's a legitimate concern, then restrict those groups by law
too.

What's really happening here is that Madigan, Democratic Senate President John
Cullerton, Senate Republican Leader Christine Radogno and House Republican
Leader Tom Cross refuse to diminish the sway they hold over their rank-and-file
candidates.

The plain truth is that we will not have a chance at real representative
government until that sway is diminished dramatically. The four legislative
leaders funnel huge sums to candidates in a handful of tight races each
election, and those candidates naturally feel beholden to their biggest
benefactors, who are not their constituents. As we noted here before, Democratic
state Rep. Mark Walker of Arlington Heights got 69 percent of his campaign money
from Madigan last fall, while his GOP opponent, Christine Prochno of Elk Grove
Village, got 54 percent of her in-kind donations from Cross.

Change Illinois!, the coalition still fighting admirably for restrictions on
leadership and political party contributions, noted Thursday that $1 out of
every $4 raised by candidates in the 2008 general election came from the four
leaders and their political party funds. In the most competitive races, $1 out
of every $2 comes from the leaders and the parties.

This must stop. The silent majority must speak.

Unless we all rebel and pressure those who profess to be our public servants
now, we'll continue to get a state government of the few, by the few, and for
the few too powerful.

Call your legislators. Tell them you want political party and leaders' donations
limited to $30,000 per election. You can find your legislators' contact
information at dailyherald.com/story/?id=292269, or call the reform coalition's
hotline at (800) 719-3020. To borrow from Mahatma Gandhi, we have to be the
change we want to see in Illinois.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              809 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                            March 29, 1995 Wednesday

HAWAII SWAYS HONEYMOONERS

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: BUTCHER A

LENGTH: 277 words


KEYWORD-HIT Hawaii sways honeymooners By ANDREW BUTCHER in Tokyo THE honeymoon
is over for Australia's booming Japanese wedding market, according to a survey
released in Tokyo yesterday. The Japan Tourism Bureau survey showed that this
year _ for the first time since the 1980s _ Australia will slip to second place
as the preferred destination for Japanese honeymooners. Hawaii is back at the
top of the list, although it only just pipped Australia for the coveted No 1
title in the lucrative newly-weds market. The Australian Tourism Commission's
public affairs manager, David McClune, said the slide to No 2 was disappointing.
He said the market was extremely price-sensitive and that for the first time,
Australia was the most expensive long-haul destination from Japan. Thousands of
Japanese couples flock to Australia and other countries every year for a special
holiday before they buckle down to career and family responsibilities. Each
couple spends almost $10,000 on the honeymoon and spends an average eight days
away, providing one of the biggest boosts to Australia's booming tourism
industry in recent years. The survey of 2400 couples who will be honeymooning
before May showed Australia has six destinations in the world's top 20 for
Japanese honeymooners. Sydney ranked No 2 in the world, behind Honolulu, while
Melbourne slipped from 12th place to 20th. Queensland alone had four areas in
the top 20 _ the Gold Coast at No 3, Cairns at six, Hamilton Island at 13 and
Port Douglas at 18. The good news for Queensland was that Hamilton Island
improved its position from 28th place and Port Douglas lifted from 21st.
Editorial, Page 8

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1995 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              810 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 13, 2015 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Suddenly, It Seems, Water Is Everywhere in Solar System

BYLINE: By KENNETH CHANG

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 921 words


Oceans trapped under ice appear to be pretty common in the solar system and one
of them, on a small moon of Saturn's, appears to be quite hot.

This week in the journal Nature, an international team of scientists reported
evidence for hydrothermal vents on the Saturnian moon Enceladus, with
temperatures of its rocky core surpassing 194 degrees Fahrenheit (90 degrees
Celsius) in spots. The discovery, if confirmed, would make Enceladus the only
place other than Earth where such chemical reactions between rock and heated
water are known to be occurring today -- and for many scientists, it would make
Enceladus a most promising place to look for life.

''The most surprising part is the high temperature,'' said Hsiang-Wen Hsu, a
scientist at the University of Colorado's Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space
Physics and lead author of the paper. ''But that's the number we could derive.''

Meanwhile, in a paper published Thursday in The Journal of Geophysical Research:
Space Physics, another team reported signs of another under-ice ocean, on
Ganymede, the largest of Jupiter's moons. Scientists are already convinced that
there is a large ocean, also covered by ice, on another Jovian moon, Europa.
NASA's Galileo spacecraft had also found hints of hidden water on Ganymede and
on another of Jupiter's moons, Callisto.

The new research, using the Hubble Space Telescope, fits with the earlier hints.
''This is now stronger evidence for an ocean,'' said Joachim Saur, a professor
of geophysics at the University of Cologne in Germany and the lead author of the
Ganymede paper.

''Surprising is the understatement,'' Christopher P. McKay, a planetary
scientist at the NASA Ames Research Center in Mountain View, Calif., said of the
multitude of watery moons.

''After spending so many years going after Mars, which is so dry and so bereft
of organics and so just plain dead, it's wonderful to go to the outer solar
system and find water, water everywhere,'' said Dr. McKay, who studies the
possibility of life on alien worlds. He was not involved in either of the
papers.

For the Enceladus findings, Dr. Hsu and his colleagues based their conclusions
on minuscule dust particles that NASA's Cassini spacecraft encountered as it
approached Saturn and after it entered orbit. Instruments on Cassini determined
that the particles, less than a millionth of an inch in diameter, were high in
silicon but had little or no metals like sodium or magnesium. Dr. Hsu said the
dust was probably silica, a molecule of one silicon and two oxygen atoms, the
building block of the mineral quartz.

The researchers were also able to trace the dust to Saturn's E Ring, and the
material in the E Ring originates from Enceladus, from plumes that emanate near
the moon's south pole. ''That's the circumstantial part of the work,'' Dr. Hsu
acknowledged.

They performed laboratory experiments to see which conditions could produce the
silica particles. The result was alkaline water, with a pH of 8.5 to 10.5,
heated to at least 194 degrees. The results fit in with findings last year by
other scientists who suggested that Enceladus concealed not just pockets of
water but a sea at least as large as Lake Superior.

The mystery is how the interior of Enceladus, just 313 miles wide, grows that
hot. A moon that small probably does not have enough radioactive elements at its
core to provide continued warmth. A chemical reaction between water and rock
called serpentinization could also provide some heat, but the primary mechanism
is probably the tidal forces that Saturn exerts on Enceladus.

''The amount of energy being dissipated currently, as well as the location of
heating, is not well understood,'' said Terry A. Hurford, a scientist at NASA's
Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland. ''So it is possible that heating can
bring water to those temperatures locally.''

The earlier evidence for an ocean on Ganymede came from magnetic measurements
during flybys by the Galileo probe, which suggested a conductive layer below the
surface. Ice is not a good conductor. Saltwater is. But the readings could also
be explained by oddities in Ganymede's magnetic field.

In the new research, the Hubble telescope scrutinized Ganymede for seven hours.
It could not see below the surface, but it observed the shimmering lights of
Ganymede's auroras. As Jupiter rotates, once every 10 hours, its changing
magnetic field causes the auroras to sway. If Ganymede were frozen, computer
simulations showed, its aurora would sway by 6 degrees. But the salts of an
under-ice ocean would generate a counteracting magnetic field, and the auroras
would sway by only 2 degrees.

The auroras swayed 2 degrees. ''It was exactly like all our computer modeling
and all our theory predicted,'' Dr. Saur said. ''It was right on.''

The scientists are now applying the approach to Io, a fiery world that certainly
does not have an ocean of water. But it might have an underground ocean of magma
that would similarly dampen the swaying of auroras. The technique could one day
be used to explore planets around distant stars and see if they, too, might have
oceans.

As a place for life, Ganymede is less promising, because the ocean looks to be
sandwiched between layers of ice and not in contact with rock. By contrast,
Enceladus appears to possess all of the necessary ingredients -- heat, liquid
water and organic molecules -- and a future probe could analyze the water by
simply flying through the plumes.

''My mantra now is follow the plume,'' Dr. McKay said.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/13/science/space/suddenly-it-seems-water-is-every
where-in-solar-system.html

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: A depiction of aurora on Ganymede, as it orbits Jupiter.
Observations  of the aurora suggest the moon has an ocean under ice. (PHOTOGRAPH
BY NASA)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              811 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                            August 11, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

HIS name may carry sway [...];
Day& Night

BYLINE: JACK TEAGUE ; DOMINIQUE HINES

SECTION: Pg. 16,17

LENGTH: 157 words


&HIS name may carry sway in Hollywood but Matt Damon has discovered he is just a
regular Joe Bloggs outside of Tinseltown.

Apparently the actor has learnt that being a box-office heavyweight and
Oscar-winner doesn't get you far with New York City's arty private schools - at
least according to the New York Post. Father-of-four Matt, 45, who scooped his
Academy Award for best original screenplay for 1997 film Good Will Hunting, is
said to be set on moving his family back to New York after a long stint in LA.
But he has seen his efforts to get his daughters with wife Luciana Barroso -
Isabella, 10, Gia, seven, and Stella, five - admitted to St Ann's, one of the
city's most exclusive schools, rebuffed.

Insiders told the paper that the school, whose past students include actors
Ethan Hawke and Maggie Gyllenhaal, told the Jason Bourne star that its classes
for next year are fully booked. Did he not even use the "do you know who I am?"
line?

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXP


                       Copyright 2016 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports acquisitions by the
director SIMON STEPHEN H (California)

LENGTH: 63  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed a form 4 with
the Securities & Exchange Commission on 03/10/2015 noting the change in the
beneficial interest held by  SIMON STEPHEN H, OAKLAND.

On March 09,2015 action involved acquisitions of 1,985 shares in stock. SIMON
STEPHEN H, now owns 1,985 shares directly.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports acquisitions by the
director Woodward Christopher B. (California)

LENGTH: 66  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed a form 4 with
the Securities & Exchange Commission on 03/10/2015 noting the change in the
beneficial interest held by  Woodward Christopher B., OAKLAND.

On March 09,2015 action involved acquisitions of 1,985 shares in stock. Woodward
Christopher B., now owns 3,651 shares directly.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports acquisitions by the
director Fascitelli Michael D (California)

LENGTH: 65  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed a form 4 with
the Securities & Exchange Commission on 03/10/2015 noting the change in the
beneficial interest held by  Fascitelli Michael D, OAKLAND.

On March 09,2015 action involved acquisitions of 1,985 shares in stock.
Fascitelli Michael D, now owns 3,651 shares directly.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports acquisitions by the
director Bronson Richard D. (California)

LENGTH: 65  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed a form 4 with
the Securities & Exchange Commission on 03/10/2015 noting the change in the
beneficial interest held by  Bronson Richard D., OAKLAND.

On March 09,2015 action involved acquisitions of 1,985 shares in stock. Bronson
Richard D., now owns 10,668 shares directly.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports acquisitions by the
director SIMON STEPHEN H (California)

LENGTH: 63  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed a form 4 with
the Securities & Exchange Commission on 03/10/2015 noting the change in the
beneficial interest held by  SIMON STEPHEN H, OAKLAND.

On March 09,2015 action involved acquisitions of 1,985 shares in stock. SIMON
STEPHEN H, now owns 1,985 shares directly.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports acquisitions by the
director Woodward Christopher B. (California)

LENGTH: 66  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed a form 4 with
the Securities & Exchange Commission on 03/10/2015 noting the change in the
beneficial interest held by  Woodward Christopher B., OAKLAND.

On March 09,2015 action involved acquisitions of 1,985 shares in stock. Woodward
Christopher B., now owns 3,651 shares directly.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports dispositions by the
director STERNLICHT BARRY S (California)

LENGTH: 70  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed a form 4 with
the Securities & Exchange Commission on 03/04/2015 noting the change in the
beneficial interest held by  STERNLICHT BARRY S, OAKLAND.

On March 02,2015 action involved dispositions of 3,701 shares in stock.
STERNLICHT BARRY S, now owns 324,708 shares directly and 1,021,630 shares
indirectly.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 10, 2015 Saturday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports acquisitions by the
director Bowers Thomas M. (California)

LENGTH: 64  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed a form 4 with
the Securities & Exchange Commission on 01/08/2015 noting the change in the
beneficial interest held by  Bowers Thomas M., OAKLAND.

On January 07,2015 action involved acquisitions of 765 shares in stock. Bowers
Thomas M., now owns 4,670 shares directly.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 10, 2015 Saturday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports acquisitions by the
director KELTER JEFFREY E (California)

LENGTH: 64  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed a form 4 with
the Securities & Exchange Commission on 01/08/2015 noting the change in the
beneficial interest held by  KELTER JEFFREY E, OAKLAND.

On January 07,2015 action involved acquisitions of 622 shares in stock. KELTER
JEFFREY E, now owns 4,107 shares directly.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports dispositions by the
director STERNLICHT BARRY S (California)

LENGTH: 80  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed a form 4 with
the Securities & Exchange Commission on 01/02/2015 noting the change in the
beneficial interest held by STERNLICHT BARRY S, OAKLAND.

On December 31, action involved dispositions of 415 shares in stock.STERNLICHT
BARRY S, now owns 324,708 shares directly and 1,025,331 shares indirectly.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports dispositions by the
director STERNLICHT BARRY S (California)

LENGTH: 70  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed a form 4 with
the Securities & Exchange Commission on 11/18/2014 noting the change in the
beneficial interest held by STERNLICHT BARRY S, OAKLAND.

On November 12,2014 action involved acquisitions of 999 shares in stock.
STERNLICHT BARRY S, now owns 324,708 shares directly and 1,025,746 shares
indirectly.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports acquisitions by the
director KELTER JEFFREY E (California)

LENGTH: 64  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed a form 4 with
the Securities & Exchange Commission on 08/11/2014 noting the change in the
beneficial interest held by  KELTER JEFFREY E, OAKLAND.

On August 11,2014 action involved acquisitions of 616 shares in stock. KELTER
JEFFREY E, now owns 3,485 shares directly.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports acquisitio by the director
Bowers Thomas M. (California)

LENGTH: 64  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed a form 4 with
the Securities & Exchange Commission on 08/11/2014 noting the change in the
beneficial interest held by  Bowers Thomas M., OAKLAND.

On August 11,2014 action involved acquisitions of 758 shares in stock. Bowers
Thomas M., now owns 3,905 shares directly.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports acquisitions by the
director Bowers Thomas M. (California)

LENGTH: 63  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed a form 4 with
the Securities & Exchange Commission on 05/13/2014 noting the change in the
beneficial interest held by  Bowers Thomas M., OAKLAND.

On May 09, action involved acquisitions of 1,481 shares in stock. Bowers Thomas
M., now owns 3,147 shares directly.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports acquisitions by the
director KELTER JEFFREY E (California)

LENGTH: 63  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed a form 4 with
the Securities & Exchange Commission on 05/13/2014 noting the change in the
beneficial interest held by  KELTER JEFFREY E, OAKLAND.

On May 09, action involved acquisitions of 1,203 shares in stock. KELTER JEFFREY
E, now owns 2,869 shares directly.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 10, 2014 Thursday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports dispositions by the
director STERNLICHT BARRY S (California)

LENGTH: 70  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed a form 4 with
the Securities & Exchange Commission on 04/09/2014 noting the change in the
beneficial interest held by  STERNLICHT BARRY S, OAKLAND.

On April 09,2014 action involved dispositions of 5,065 shares in stock.
STERNLICHT BARRY S, now owns 324,708 shares directly and 1,028,360 shares
indirectly.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov


LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 10, 2014 Thursday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports dispositions by the
director STERNLICHT BARRY S (California)

LENGTH: 65  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed a form 4 with
the Securities & Exchange Commission on 04/09/2014 noting the change in the
beneficial interest held by  STERNLICHT BARRY S, OAKLAND.

On April 07,2014 action involved dispositions of 17977 shares in stock.
STERNLICHT BARRY S, now owns 1,033,425 shares indirectly.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov


LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 15, 2012 Sunday
                                 Met 2 Edition

N.Va.'s sway sags in state Senate

BYLINE: Laura Vozzella;Anita Kumar

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C06

LENGTH: 1302 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND


RICHMOND - Northern Virginia has held considerable sway in the state Capitol for
the past four years as Democrats from the region dominated the Senate.

Six of the Senate's 11 committees, where chairmen decide the fate of
legislation, were led by Northern Virginians. The majority leader, decider of
which measures are actually voted on, represented Fairfax County.

All that has changed.

_blankLast week, Republicans seized control of the evenly divided chamber and
immediately stripped the heavily Democratic region of its sizable clout. Now
there's not a single Northern Virginian at the helm of a committee. The majority
leader hails from Hampton Roads. And on top of that, two powerful, longtime
senators from Northern Virginia retired.

Many in Northern Virginia's delegation fear they've lost the power to push
through legislation to benefit the region and block bills that will hurt it.

Quite a comeuppance for a place that's home to nearly one-third of the
commonwealth's 8 million residents, one known to refer dismissively to
everything south of the Rappahannock River as RoVa, as in "rest of Virginia."

Northern Virginia has long complained that with its fast-growing, affluent
suburbs and vast business base, it foots the bill for more than its fair share
of state services. For decades, some of the region's leaders have proposed -
sometimes with tongue in cheek, sometimes not - seceding from the state.

But now Northern Virginians feel like they've been shown the door.

"Northern Virginians have definitely lost influence," said Sen. Janet D. Howell
(D-Fairfax), who lost her chairmanship of the Senate Privileges and Elections
Committee and is waiting to hear whether she and two Northern Virginia
colleagues will be reappointed as budget conferees. "We're the economic engine
of the state, and our needs need to be addressed. And the danger is that they
won't be."

Even some Republicans believe that the region will be hurt.

"I'd like to say it doesn't matter, but it does," said Del. David B. Albo
(R-Fairfax), chairman of the House Courts of Justice Committee. "To the extent
that Chuck Colgan" - the Democratic senator from Prince William County who
chaired the powerful Senate Finance Committee - "will not be there to kill
things, it will be a loss.''

In a state as large and diverse as Virginia, Northern Virginians are troubled
that senators from outside the region won't fully appreciate their epic traffic
woes and other pressing problems. This year, the region's legislators hope to
fight Republican Gov. Robert F. McDonnell's $65 million cut to "cost-to-compete"
funds, extra money the region has been allotted in the past to woo school
employees in that high-dollar jobs market.

"These are things worked out in conference committee," said Del. Scott A.
Surovell (D-Mount Vernon). "The cost to compete is something that only benefits
Northern Virginia. It's something we need. Our teachers just cost a lot more."

Northern Virginia senators also worry about their ability to block legislation
on social issues that play very differently in the more racially diverse,
better-educated and liberal Washington suburbs than in more rural parts of the
state.

"Last year, we had 24 bills coming over from the House of Delegates that were
anti-immigrant, and we have no idea at this point if we can defeat them" this
year, Howell said.

Howell said that as a committee chairwoman, she did her greatest service to
Northern Virginians by stopping what her constituents considered "bad
legislation," such as proposals to expand gun rights and nullify federal
legislation.

"When I'm in Northern Virginia, the issues I ran are very clear. And then I get
on 95, and about the time I get to Kings Dominion, I go off into the twilight
zone," Howell said. "Attitudes are different, issues are different, approach is
different."

'Elect more Republicans'

Northern Virginia finds itself in this position for two reasons: The GOP is in
charge, and most of the region's senators - 10 of 13 - are Democrats. (Northern
Virginia's three Republican senators are all too junior for chairmanships.)

_blankLt. Gov. Bill Bolling(R) , whose tie-breaking votes allow his party to
take control of a chamber that split 20-20 in _blankNovember's elections,
offered a solution to Northern Virginians fretting about their diminished
influence: "Elect more Republicans."

But Bolling, the state's jobs creation officer, also said the region has nothing
to worry about. Senators from across the state will be attentive to the region's
needs, he said, because the area is so vital to Virginia as a whole.

"Everybody here understands the importance of Northern Virginia," said Bolling,
noting that 45 percent of the economic development deals hatched in the past two
years have been in that part of the state. "Everybody jokes about the NoVa/RoVa
thing, but I try to tell everybody around the state, 'If you live in RoVa, you'd
better be glad there's a NoVa.' "

Sen. Ryan T. McDougle (R-Hanover), chairman of his caucus, said the GOP takeover
is "absolutely not" dire news for Northern Virginia, in part because the
region's business interests are in step with traditional GOP interests.

"It's one of the most innovative technological areas of the commonwealth, and
the country for that matter," he said. "We're going to put it in the best
[business] climate to expand."

Democrats: We're united

Sen. Richard L. Saslaw (D-Fairfax), who was the Senate majority leader and is
now the minority leader, shares the view that the region will not suffer - but
for very different reasons.

Northern Virginia will be able to flex some muscle during the budget process,
Saslaw said, since Bolling has acknowledged that he is _blanknot authorized to
break tie votes on the budget; Republicans will need at least one Democratic
vote for it to pass. And no Democrat will vote for the budget, Saslaw said,
unless the region's interests are protected - if only because Democrats
statewide are upset about the takeover.

"Trust me, we're unified," he said. "There's some pretty hard feelings there."

Those assurances fall flat for some Northern Virginians, who are also concerned
that their influence will be further diminished by the retirements this year of
two experienced Democratic senators: Mary Margaret Whipple of Arlington County,
who chaired the Rules Committee and her party's caucus; and Patricia S. Ticer of
Alexandria, who led the Senate Agriculture, Conservation and Natural Resources
Committee.

"It's critical that our interests be represented," said Sharon Bulova (D),
chairwoman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors.

Northern Virginian senators, who at least have seats on committees, aren't the
only ones feeling left out. Senator Phillip P. Puckett (D-Russell) complained on
the Senate floor that Southwest Virginia did not have a single spot on the
Senate Finance Committee.

"Even though you don't have representation [on the committee], that does not
preclude you in any way from introducing appropriate budget amendments," replied
Senate Majority Leader Thomas K. Norment (R-James City). "And those budget
amendments will be fairly and reasonably considered."

That response irked some in the Northern Virginia delegation, both on behalf of
Southwest and because of their own diminished power.

Sen. George L. Barker (D-Fairfax) said Norment's comment boiled down to this: "
'We don't need to have you be involved in decision-making. You submit what you
want, and we'll make the decision.' . . . People need to be at the table and
involved in the process rather than a supplicant going to the king."

vozzellal@washpost.com

kumaranita@washpost.com

More from PostLocal:

Tattoo aficionados show off bodies of work at expo

As demand for e-books soars, libraries' virtual shelves empty

Va. man suspected of slashing buttocks arrested

GWU chaplain-turned-potter dies at 74

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            October 21, 2012 Sunday

Dee Margo, Joe Moody rematch: Candidates use education to sway voters

BYLINE: By Zahira Torres \ Austin Bureau

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1646 words


AUSTIN -- Education is a key priority touted by the political campaigns of two
familiar foes fighting to represent Northeast and West El Paso in the Texas
Legislature.

But that's where the similarities end for Republican state Rep. Dee Margo and
his Democratic opponent, Joe Moody, whose face-to-face interactions with voters,
campaign fliers and television advertisements preach their commitment to quality
education and attempt to cast each other as harmful to public schools.

Margo and Moody are facing off for the third time and are attempting to sway
voters on the education issue, often cited as a top priority in state and
national polls during elections.

They are running out of time to make their cases. Early voting will start Monday
for the Nov. 6 general election that will determine which of the two will return
to Austin to represent House District 78.

Richard Pineda, a communications professor at the University of Texas at El
Paso, said each candidate has pushed to appeal to the base of his own party and
has focused less on attracting voters who may not traditionally support him.

"In some ways what you would imagine would be the low-hanging fruit and a
consistent attack line would be all of the mistakes or all of the baggage that
Margo has developed over the last session of the Legislature," Pineda said. "But
the truth is that there's not really much there in the attacks that Moody is
making that is unique or that sound different from the previous election cycle."

Margo "fell in line with the party vote," Pineda said. "I don't know what Moody
could do except for point to that and say, 'See, I told you he was a
Republican.' "

Rating Republican results

The two men first clashed during the 2008 presidential election year, which
brought a surge of Democratic voters energized by the candidacy of President
Barack Obama. Moody beat Margo by 3,258 votes.

Margo challenged Moody to a rematch in 2010, edging out the Democrat by 1,410
votes in a year when Republicans statewide saw a rise at the polls because of
dissatisfaction with the federal government.

Both candidates are competing for the seat once again during another
presidential election year that appears to be marked by partisanship. Each has
his own take on Margo's place in the delegation as the only Republican from El
Paso in a legislature dominated by conservatives.

Margo said he helped his Democratic colleagues with the Republican majority and
he argues that his return to the Legislature would allow him to gather support
for local measures that did not get approved the past legislative session.

Moody said Margo had his chance to make good on his promises that he could get
more for El Paso because he was part of the majority party in the Legislature.
But Moody said Margo instead voted with the Republican Party on $15 billion in
state budget cuts, which included $5.4 billion in cuts to public education.

That vote led to cuts in positions for teachers and staff at El Paso schools and
caused tuition increases at UTEP and El Paso Community College, Moody said.

"Where were the bonuses for El Paso based on his being part of the party in
power?" Moody asked. "They weren't there."

The state House had a 77-73 split favoring Republicans when Moody was elected.
That figure drastically changed during the 2010 election that provided
Republicans with a 101-49 seat advantage in the state House, giving the party
the ability to pass legislation without a single vote from a Democrat.

Margo, who was among the Republicans who won office two years ago, maintains
that his presence allows El Paso to have a voice with the ruling party in the
state.

"Nobody, not Republicans or Democrats, walked out of appropriations or passing
the budget jumping for joy, but there was no appetite for taxes, and given the
fragile nature of our economy, I agreed," Margo said. "We did the best we could
with the hand we were dealt. To say otherwise would be disingenuous, frankly."

Margo has his own critique of Moody's education record. He said Moody voted for
a budget that funded a portion of the state's public education with one-time
federal stimulus dollars, leaving the next set of lawmakers to make up for the
gap.

"We did the best we could to be as level as we could given the prior years that
we were dealing with," Margo said.

Republican Gov. Rick Perry and state lawmakers in 2009 used $3.25 billion in
one-time federal stimulus funds in place of state money for education to balance
the budget and avoid drawing down the rainy-day fund.

"The 2009 budget was passed with the blessing of the Republican governor," Moody
said. "Dee's party decided to use stimulus funds; otherwise, Rick Perry would
have been forced to cut education or raise taxes when he was running for
governor. Instead, they put it off until 2011 because they never fixed the mess
they made in 2006."

Moody was referring to the recurring budget deficit that lawmakers created in
2006 when they lowered local school district property taxes by one-third and
promised to make up the difference in school funding primarily through reworked
business taxes.

The money collected through the tax-swap plan did not totally offset
expenditures, leaving the state with a biennium structural deficit of about $10
billion.

Legislative work

Margo primarily voted with the Republican majority on issues such as cutting the
family-planning services budget and making voters show photo identification
before casting ballots. He also voted in favor of requiring women to get
pre-abortion sonograms, listen as a doctor describes the fetus and wait 24 hours
before the procedure

One of the two bills Margo authored his freshman year in the state House became
a law. The bill set certain qualification guidelines for appointees to the
University Medical Center of El Paso's Board of Managers that prevented
employees of the county or the hospital district and their immediate relatives
from serving on the board.

The first-time legislator also co-authored or joint-authored about 60 bills and
was a sponsor on seven others, which included a measure by state Sen. Kirk
Watson, D-Austin, to establish a grant program for border prosecutors.

"The border prosecution unit was probably the most important because I got that
done out of appropriations money first, and then Kirk Watson came to me to get
me to co-sponsor the bill to put it in statute," Margo said.

A group of state senators blocked an amendment by Margo that would have allowed
UTEP to join a small list of universities slated to tap into a pot of about $93
million over two years.

Lawmakers also shot down an attempt by Margo to approve state-funded tuition
revenue bonds for a third building at Texas Tech's Paul L. Foster School of
Medicine. If his amendment had gone to a vote and passed, state funding for the
medical school's $58.5 million tuition revenue bond could not have been issued
before Sept. 1, 2015. The next legislative session would have the final say on
whether to honor the measure.

Moody authored eight bills when he was in the Legislature in 2009. Three of
those bills became law, including an anti-gang measure that strengthened the
Department of Public Safety's ability to go after transnational gangs.

"Passing the largest piece of anti-gang legislation in the state was a huge
deal," Moody said. "It really required a lot of work from day one of the
session. That bill was crucial to law enforcement to give them the tools to
start to combat transnational gangs in different ways."

Moody also co-authored or joint-authored more than 90 bills and sponsored about
30 pieces of legislation. He was the House sponsor of a bill with Republican
Sen. Jane Nelson that expanded funding to domestic violence shelters by creating
a fee paid by convicted offenders.

He also filed a bill that sought a property-tax exemption for veterans who have
a disability rating of 100 percent. Moody's bill did not pass, but a similar
measure became law.

What's next?

Lawmakers who are elected in November will contend with the controversial debate
about using taxpayer dollars to offer vouchers to public school students who
want to attend private school and the ongoing lawsuits over whether the state is
meeting its constitutional obligations to properly fund public schools.

Lawmakers also may have to consider legislation that would call for an end to
in-state tuition at universities for qualifying undocumented immigrants and the
return of an anti-sanctuary-cities measure, which would put local governments at
risk of losing state grant money if they establish a policy that prohibits local
law enforcement from questioning the immigration status of people they detain.

Moody does not support school vouchers. He believes that the state is not
properly funding public schools and that low-income students will be left out
because the vouchers will not cover the full cost of attending private school.

He also said the Legislature should not wait for the results of school finance
lawsuits to deal with school funding problems.

Margo said he would support vouchers on an experimental basis next session. He
said the lawmakers should first deal with pressing issues over state funding of
public schools, accountability and whether charter schools will be able to
expand their reach in Texas. Margo said the Legislature should wait for a
decision from the courts before changing the way schools are funded.

The two candidates share some similar positions.

Both men support in-state tuition for qualifying undocumented immigrants. Margo
and Moody also said they would oppose anti-sanctuary-city legislation if it is
proposed next session.

Margo initially supported the anti-sanctuary-city legislation but changed
positions after learning that El Paso County stood to lose millions of dollars
in state money because of a settlement in a lawsuit.

Zahira Torres may be reached at ztorres@elpasotimes.com; 512-479-6606.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dee Margo, left, and Joe Moody

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            October 21, 2008 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Obama buoyed by Powell support;
Endorsement will help sway doubters

BYLINE: Anne Davies, Washington

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 600 words


ARMED with another $US150million ($A215million) raised during September,
Democratic candidate Barack Obama began the final 16 days of the presidential
campaign buoyed by the endorsement of a leading Republican, the former secretary
of state, Colin Powell.

General Powell's endorsement is regarded as a coup for Senator Obama because it
is likely to help sway Republicans and independents who still have reservations
about his experience and qualifications to become commander-in-chief.

Explaining his decision, General Powell - who was once seen as a good prospect
to be the first African-American president himself - said he had watched both
candidates during the economic crisis. He was particularly critical of the
Republican Party's lurch into conservatism, and said he did not believe Alaskan
Governor Sarah Palin, Senator McCain's vice-presidential pick, would be up to
becoming president.

"I can't deny that it will be a historic event when an African-American becomes
president," General Powell said. "And should that happen, all Americans should
be proud - not just African-Americans, but all Americans - that we have reached
this point in our national history where such a thing could happen. It would
also not only electrify the country, but electrify the world."

Although he described Senator McCain as a friend of 25years, General Powell said
he seemed unsure as to what to do about the economic problems.

Senator Obama, on the other hand, had displayed "a steadiness, an intellectual
curiosity, a depth of knowledge" and "an intellectual vigour" that showed he was
ready to be president on day one.

"I think that he has a definitive way of doing business that would serve us
well," he said.

"I also believe that on the Republican side over the last seven weeks, the
approach of the Republican Party and Mr McCain has become narrower and narrower.
At the same time, (Senator Obama) has given us a more inclusive, broader reach
into the needs and aspirations of our people. He's crossing lines - ethnic
lines, racial lines, generational lines."

The devastating assessment has rocked the Republican establishment, which was
already grappling with lagging funds and poll margins widening in Senator
Obama's favour.

Senator McCain said the endorsement didn't come as a surprise. "I respect and
continue to respect and admire Secretary Powell," Senator McCain told Fox News
on Sunday.

"I'm also very pleased to have the endorsement of four former secretaries of
state, secretaries (Henry) Kissinger, (James) Baker, (Larry) Eagleburger and
(Alexander) Haig. And I'm proud to have the endorsement of well over 200 retired
army generals and admirals," he responded.

Senator Obama said he was "humbled" by the endorsement.

General Powell does not plan to make campaign appearances for him, but his words
are certain to appear in advertising in the final days of the campaign.

Meanwhile, Senator McCain is under pressure over the use of negative "robo"
calls to voters in swing states. The calls, apparently being produced by the
same company that made calls used to spread innuendo about Senator McCain in the
2000 presidential race, highlight Senator Obama's associations with figures such
as former Weatherman Bill Ayers.

Several Republicans have complained about the "robo" calls, saying they are not
helpful. But Senator McCain did not back down in his interview on Fox, saying
they were justified.

He predicted that it would be a tight race, even though the polls show
otherwise: "I've been in too many campaigns, my friend, not to sense that things
are headed our way," he said. "I love being the underdog."

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 20, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

DANCE;
She Cannot Walk, Yet She Can Dance

BYLINE: By ELEANOR BLAU

SECTION: Section 2; Page 6; Column 4; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 400 words


KITTY LUNN SWAYS, EXECUTING A wheelchair pirouette. She turns the wheels with
gestures that are part of the dance. When on the floor, she bends an
outstretched leg with a swift movement of her hands, seeming to dance with her
whole body.

Ten years ago, Ms. Lunn, a classically trained dancer and actor from New
Orleans, slipped on ice and fell down a flight of stairs, breaking her back.
After five spinal operations, she remained paralyzed from mid-hips downward. It
took time to realize that she would never walk, she said, and that she was
"still the same person."

One early balm was emotional. An actor she had just begun to date, Andrew
Macmillan -- now her husband -- visited her constantly in the hospital. "So
while all this trauma was going on physically," she recalled, "I was busy
falling in love."

Ms. Lunn, 46, remembers shunning dance performances at first. But then came a
production of American Ballet Theater's "Sleeping Beauty" that she said "opened
the floodgates."

"I wanted to be back in touch with my dancing," she said. "The movie in my mind
led me to believe it would be possible."

It would require rigorous strengthening of the muscles still under her control.
She would also have to dispel teachers' notions that she would disrupt classes,
by falling or mowing people down.

Appearing as a guest artist with a Cleveland company of wheelchair-bound dancers
a few years ago, she found they were not really using dance technique. She
wanted to develop a technique based on ballet and modern dance, using the chair
creatively but not intrusively.

So, back in New York, in 1995, Ms. Lunn and two colleagues, Robert Koval and
Christopher Nelson, founded the Infinity Dance Theater for dancers who are
disabled or over the age of 40. They were joined by a singer and an actor.
Seeking to, in Ms. Lunn's words, "expand the boundaries of dance," they perform,
teach and ponder matters like weight shift and momentum: how to flip Ms. Lunn
backward from her chair without propelling it off the stage, how to get back
into the chair without stopping the flow of the work, how to make the chair spin
-- and make it stop. In one ballet, with Mr. Koval draped over Ms. Lunn's lap,
he walks the chair around.

The chair is pared down, made light and spare, to help achieve fluidity. Ms.
Lunn sits in it during dance classes, stretching while others plie.   ELEANOR
BLAU

NAME: Kitty Lunn

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: On Wheels and on Foot Kitty Lunn and Christopher Nelson in
"Last Night of the World." Threesome Kitty Lunn uses her chair in innovative
fashion with Robert Koval, left, and Mr. Nelson. Learning Experience Peff
Modelski, center, instructs Ms. Lunn at a Broadway studio-- After her injury,
Ms. Lunn at first shunned ballet class. Warming Up In a routine that is familiar
to all dancers, Ms. Lunn stretches as she prepares for a performance.
(Photographs By James Estrin)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              833 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 6, 2015 Friday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports acquisitions by the
director SIMON STEPHEN H (California)

LENGTH: 62  words

DATELINE: Lahore


   WASHINGTON: Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed
a form 4 with the Securities & Exchange Commission on  November 4, 2015 noting
the change in the beneficial interest held by SIMON STEPHEN H, OAKLAND.

On November 02, action involved acquisitions of 575 shares in stock. SIMON
STEPHEN H, now owns 3,695 shares directly and 4,000 shares indirectly.



LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 6, 2015 Friday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports acquisitions by the
director SIMON STEPHEN H (California)

LENGTH: 62  words

DATELINE: Lahore


   WASHINGTON: Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed
a form 4 with the Securities & Exchange Commission on  November 4, 2015 noting
the change in the beneficial interest held by SIMON STEPHEN H, OAKLAND.

On November 02, action involved acquisitions of 575 shares in stock. SIMON
STEPHEN H, now owns 3,695 shares directly and 4,000 shares indirectly.



LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 6, 2015 Friday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports acquisitions by the
director KELTER JEFFREY E (California)

LENGTH: 57  words

DATELINE: Lahore


   WASHINGTON: Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed
a form 4 with the Securities & Exchange Commission on  November 4, 2015 noting
the change in the beneficial interest held by KELTER JEFFREY E, OAKLAND.

On November 02, action involved acquisitions of 650 shares in stock. KELTER
JEFFREY E, now owns 8,682 shares directly.



LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 6, 2015 Friday

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ] Reports acquisitions by the
director SIMON STEPHEN H (California)

LENGTH: 62  words

DATELINE: Lahore


   WASHINGTON: Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust [ SWAY ], OAKLAND, has filed
a form 4 with the Securities & Exchange Commission on  November 4, 2015 noting
the change in the beneficial interest held by SIMON STEPHEN H, OAKLAND.

On November 02, action involved acquisitions of 575 shares in stock. SIMON
STEPHEN H, now owns 3,695 shares directly and 4,000 shares indirectly.



LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                             August 13, 2012 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Canberra stint may sway 'LJ' to stay on

BYLINE: Chris Dutton; Basketball

SECTION: A; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 524  words


Canberra stint may sway 'LJ' to stay on By Chris Dutton Basketball Superstar
Lauren Jackson remains undecided on her Olympic Games future but a three-season
stint in Canberra could help the veteran power on to Rio in 2016.

Jackson added another prize to her already superb career when she led the
Australian Opals to a bronze medal in London yesterday.

While disappointed to miss out on the gold-medal match, it erased the memories
of a horror campaign at the world championship two years ago where the Opals
finished fifth.

As one of the world's best players at the age of 31, Jackson is constantly asked
whether she will continue her career for another four years.

She usually answers the same way: "I don't know."

But linking with the Canberra Capitals at the end of the year for the WNBL
season could be the perfect tonic for the most prolific point-scorer in Olympic
history to extend her career.

Jackson has signed a three-season contract with the Capitals believed to be
worth close to $1million.

She will play three of the next four WNBL seasons with the deal to expire after
the 2015-16 campaign.

Providing she can remain fit, that would put her on the cusp of a fifth Olympic
appearance.

"I don't know [what I'm doing], for me it's just day-by-day. I can't tell you
what I'm doing tomorrow let alone in four years," Jackson said.

"I actually feel like I'm playing better than I have been in a long time. Last
year I had a run of injuries and even leading into the Opals I had a torn
muscle. In May, June and July I was battling torn muscles everywhere, so I was
just trying to get through. This last month things have started to roll for me
and I feel good. I feel great. Now I go back to Seattle and then to Canberra."

Jackson will return to Australia this week and almost immediately head over to
the United States to play with the Seattle Storm in the WNBA. When the season
ends, she will take a brief break to recharge before joining the Capitals.

Jackson had a whirlwind Olympic campaign. She carried the Australian flag at the
opening ceremony and then broke the Olympic point- scoring record in the
preliminary rounds.

She missed out on the gold medal absent from her collection, but the Opals were
buzzing with bronze.

"Bronze is the new gold," former Capital Abby Bishop declared.

"We're finishing on a high. It's better than the last couple of games we've had.
Some people don't get to an Olympics, so I'm really happy.

"I don't know what to say, I'm lost for words a little bit."

Capitals and Opals coach Carrie Graf believes Jackson can play at another two
Olympics.

Graf's four-year contract as the Opals coach expires this year and her Capitals
deal finishes after the WNBL season.

But she said she hadn't started thinking about her future.

"That's been the furthest thing from my mind, it was about what we can get done
here," Graf said.

"My contract is up post-Olympics and I've got a season left in Canberra.

Who knows what my coaching future holds. Right now celebrate with the girls,
it's about celebrating the bronze medal.

"To win a medal at the Olympics is tough, it would have been nice to be a
different colour, but any colour is good."

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2012 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              838 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 21, 2002 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Study Ranking Utility Polluters Aims to Sway Emissions Debate

BYLINE:  By NEELA BANERJEE

SECTION: Section C; Column 2; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 993 words


As debate flares anew over White House plans to revise air pollution
regulations, a study that ranks the biggest air polluters in the power industry
is expected to be issued today.

The study was conducted by two environmental organizations and a large New
Jersey utility and uses government data. It contends that a handful of companies
accounts for at least half of the industry's most noxious emissions, including
those that contribute to smog, acid rain and possibly global warming. Moreover,
the study shows a wide disparity in the relative level of emissions produced by
power plants, a gap that the authors say reflects the level of investment that
companies have made toward improving their environmental performance.

The report's release is timed to sway the current discussion about revisions to
air pollution rules.

One author, David Gardiner, said such changes could end up protecting the
biggest polluters and removing incentives for the industry as a whole to reduce
its rate of emissions.

"The very large disparity between the cleanest and the dirtiest companies," said
Mr. Gardiner, one of the report's lead authors and the former director of
climate change policy in the Clinton administration, "demonstrates that a large
number of companies are relatively clean, and a relatively small number are
responsible for the vast portion of emissions. It shows that clean electricity
is both possible and profitable."

The study, "Benchmarking Air Emissions of the 100 Largest Electric Generation
Owners in the U.S. -- 2000," is a collaboration between the environmental
groups, the Natural Resources Defense Council and the Coalition for
Environmentally Responsible Economies, and the utility, the Public Service
Enterprise Group, based in Newark.

P.S.E.G., as the utility is known, reached a settlement in January with the
federal Environmental Protection Agency that calls for the company to invest
more than $300 million in the next decade to reduce emissions from its
coal-fired plants in New Jersey.

The study relies primarily on data that companies provided to the E.P.A. and the
Energy Department for 2000. It details which corporations are the largest
polluters and the relative emission levels of various pollutants by companies.
In gross terms, the biggest polluters tend to be the companies that have the
most power plants and that generate the most electricity.

The three largest electricity companies in the United States -- American
Electric Power, the Southern Company and the Tennessee Valley Authority --
together accounted for 17 percent to 24 percent of total industry emissions of
the four pollutants tracked in the study. Those are sulfur dioxide and nitrogen
oxides, which contribute to acid rain and haze; mercury, which is toxic to
humans; and carbon dioxide, which is widely linked to global warming.

Southern, the Tennessee Valley Authority and other energy companies high on the
study's list have lobbied the Bush administration strenuously to ease air
pollution regulations, according to environmentalists, government officials and
Washington lobbyists.

The study also ranks companies based on the amount of pollution produced
relative to their power output. By that measure, Basin Electric Power
Cooperative, a relatively small utility in Bismarck, N.D., that relies primarily
on coal-fired power plants to supply over 100 rural electric co-ops, was
identified as producing the highest output of carbon dioxide per megawatt-hour
of electricity. But the company contends that its plants are among the cleanest
coal-burning plants in the nation.

Similarly, Aquila, a midsize utility in Kansas City, Mo., was 52nd among the 100
companies for the total amount of nitrogen oxides emitted, which reflects how
many fewer plants it has, compared with the likes of American Electric Power.

But Aquila's plants emit significantly more nitrogen oxides than American
Electric Power's for each measure of energy generated, the study's data show.
Aquila, formerly known as Utilicorp United, ranks third among companies that
have the highest relative level of nitrogen oxide emissions, while American
Electric Power ranks 11th.

The study points out that relative pollution levels vary according to the kinds
of power plants. For example, utilities with a preponderance of plants using
natural gas or nuclear fuel produce smaller relative pollutant levels than those
with mostly coal-fired plants. Yet even among coal-fired plants, Aquila ends up
third for nitrogen oxide emissions, according to the study.

The companies cited in the study did not have the opportunity to read it before
its official publication. But based on information he received about the report,
Ethan Hirsh, a spokesman for Aquila, contended that it failed to take note of
how his company had improved its environmental performance. "We're constantly
improving our emissions reductions," Mr. Hirsh said. "Looking strictly at the
numbers would fool you a little bit."

Pat Hemplepp, a spokesman for American Electric Power, said the study was
"giving you a snapshot of a year rather than a movie of what's been happening
over the last decade." He noted that the industry had to function within Clean
Air Act requirements, which grow more stringent with time, and that his company
had reduced its emissions of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides since 1990 and
would continue to do so.

But Mark Brownstein, director of environmental policy at P.S.E.G., noted that
such a benchmark report was routinely done in the industry to compare companies
on things like safety or earnings. P.S.E.G. itself fell within the 25 companies
with the highest rate of sulfur dioxide emissions at their coal plants, a result
that showed the company how much work it still had to do, he said.

"This is to get a sense of companies that have made investments in cleaner
technology versus those that haven't," he said. "It asks: 'What kind of company
are you? How are your investments paying off?' "

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: A new study ranks the nation's utilities according to the
relative amount of air pollution they produce. American Electric Power has
worked on cutting emissions at this plant, along the Ohio River. (Associated
Press); (Andrew Phillips/The New York Times) Chart: "Power and Pollution"A new
study of pollution among the nation's 100 largest power companies found a wide
disparity in the amount of emissions and the rate of air pollutants emitted per
measure of electricity. Rate of pollution -- Pounds of CO2 emissions for each
megawatt hour of electricity produced. Each bar represents one of the nation's
biggest electric companies.* *Data available for only 93 of the 100 companies
listed in the report. (Source: "Benchmarking Air Emissions of the 100 Largest
Electric Generation Owners in the U.S.")

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              839 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                            October 22, 2012 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Foreign policy significant in final presidential debate as race tightens;
Bellwether Florida key to victory

BYLINE: WILLIAM MARSDEN, Postmedia News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 823 words

DATELINE: BOCA RATON, FLA.


Foreign policy was not supposed to be a vital issue in this election, but with
the race to the White House in such a dead heat, no candidate can afford a
misstep that could swing even a thousand voters during Monday's third and final
presidential debate.

The fact that Monday's foreign policy debate is in the critical battle ground
state of Florida creates added significance. U.S. President Barack Obama and
Republican challenger Mitt Romney will have to tread lightly across a
demographic that is both diverse and demanding, and very likely holds the key to
victory.

"This race is so close, there are so few undecided voters, the polls are so
even, that from here on I think every handshake matters, every debate
performance matters, everything matters," said Prof. Robert Watson, a veteran
historian of Florida politics at Lynn University.

While both candidates desperately need this state, Romney in particular needs
Florida's 29 electoral votes if he is going to have any chance of taking the
White House because the other two states with the most electoral votes - New
York and California - are firmly in Obama's camp.

The state's demographics, which include veterans, retirees, a large black and
Latino population as well as a sizable Jewish community, mirror that of the
United States as a whole.

"So we have emerged not only as the most important swing state, but also the
major bellwether state where candidates can kind of test their message and see
how they are running with every major demographic that they want to target," he
said. "We always say the road to the White House runs through Florida, but it
literally does with the debate at Lynn University."

Watson holds about three town hall meetings a week during the election as he
surveys voter trends in the state. In his most recent meeting, he met with about
12 voters in nearby Delray Beach to discuss foreign policy. Three of the four
Jewish voters said that Israel was their No. 1 issue. One of the voters said,
"Israel, Israel, Israel are my three top issues, and Obama is a Muslim."

"What do you do," Watson asked, referring to the inaccurate reference to Obama,
who is a Christian. "It is what it is."

He notes the Jewish community, which voted 78 per cent for Obama in 2008, is
crucial for the Democrats. They represent only 3.5 per cent of registered
voters, but the fact that they come out in big numbers increases their
percentage to eight.

Florida is said to be a southern state in the north and a northern state in the
south. The middle is agrarian like the Midwest. The Democrats' main stronghold
is in the heavily populated southeast. Democrats have to score big there in
order to take the state, Watson said.

A plethora of major foreign policy/national security issues confronts the
candidates including the Arab spring, the Syrian civil war, the assassination of
a U.S. ambassador in Libya, Syrian-Turkish border clashes, China trading
practices, Russia and a nuclear Iran. Any one of these could blow up in the
final two weeks, and a major gaffe Monday night could sink a candidate.

"It doesn't have to sway many voters," he said. "If it only sways maybe a few
thousand voters in two key counties in a swing state, that could be a factor. So
do I think this debate matters? I think it absolutely is a key moment."

Moderator Bob Schief-fer, host of the CBS political roundtable Face the Nation,
will be posing questions on six different foreign policy themes. As in the first
debate, the candidates will have two minutes to respond followed by 15 minutes
of discussion. He has not made public his questions, but the themes will
concentrate on the Middle East, trade, China and the U.S. role in the world.

Anna Krift, professor of international relations at Lynn, said she hopes there
will be room for the environment, which, she noted, hasn't surfaced at all in
this election. "My students are very concerned about that issue," she said.

More than 120 Florida officials and scientists - experts in sea-level rise -
have written an open letter to Obama and Romney asking that they discuss at the
debate climate change and sea level rise.

"This rise in sea level is now resulting in the flooding of city streets and
parking areas at seasonal high tides, the abandonment of drinking water wells in
coastal communities due to salt water intrusion, and the failure of flood
control structures to operate during high tides," the letter says.

Romney started the campaign with a clumsy trip to Europe during which he managed
to insult Britain by saying that it wasn't ready for the Olympics. But the
assassination of U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans
in Benghazi, Libya, gave him the issue he needed to attack Obama on what he
calls Obama's lack of leadership on national security issues.

Still, Obama polls well ahead of Romney on foreign policy issues. But in a race
where a few thousand votes matter, both candidates have to come ready to rumble.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHARLIE NEIBERGALL, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS; A worker on Sunday adjusts
the backdrop for Monday's presidential debate between President Barack Obama and
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney, in Florida.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Baltimore Sun

                            December 19, 2016 Monday
                                 First Edition

Senators want special panel to probe hacking

BYLINE: David G. Savage

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 577  words



HIGHLIGHT: Sens. John McCain, left, and Chuck Schumer said the specter of a
foreign power trying to sway the U.S. election demands a special bipartisan
investigation.SAUL LOEB/GETTY-AFP 2013


WASHINGTON - Four powerful members of the Senate called Sunday for creation of a
special select committee to investigate alleged Russian attempts to influence
the presidential election, a sign of growing concern that GOP leaders' plans to
use existing panels will produce a partisan inquiry.

Sens. John McCain, R-Ariz., who chairs the Armed Services Committee, and Chuck
Schumer, D-N.Y., the incoming minority leader, said the specter of a foreign
power trying to sway the U.S. election demands a special bipartisan
investigation.

"We need to get to the bottom of this," McCain said on CNN's "State of the
Union."

"There's no doubt they were interfering," he said. "There's no doubt. ... The
question is now, how much and what damage? And what should the United States of
America do?"

Schumer told a news conference in New York that it's "clearer and clearer that
the Russians hacked our cybersystem with the intent of influencing the
election."

Sens. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., and Jack Reed, D-R.I., also called for creation of
an independent investigation.

So far, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and House Speaker Paul
Ryan, R-Wis., have insisted that the GOP-controlled House and Senate
Intelligence Committees should conduct any inquiry.

McCain and Schumer said four sets of committees have jurisdiction over foreign
policy, cyberthreats, law enforcement and intelligence.

Most will be tied up next spring with confirmation hearings for the incoming
administration, they said, and only a special select committee can focus on
cyberthreats from Russia, China, Iran and others.

On Oct. 7, the director of national intelligence released a public statement
saying the nation's intelligence agencies' consensus view is that senior Russian
officials had directed hacking of U.S. "political organizations" in an effort to
interfere with the election.

Thousands of emails pilfered from the Democratic National Committee servers and
from Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman were posted on WikiLeaks and other
websites through the summer and fall.

In recent weeks, the CIA and other agencies have hardened their conclusions,
saying they believe the Russian hacking and leaking was at least partly aimed at
helping Donald Trump win the election.

Last week, Trump dismissed those intelligence reports as "ridiculous," and
Sunday, his incoming White House chief of staff cast doubt on the intelligence
agencies' "strong consensus" on the question.

"We haven't heard from (FBI Director James) Comey," Reince Priebus said on "Fox
News Sunday."

"I mean, if there is this conclusive opinion among all of these intelligence
agencies, then they should issue a report or they should stand in front of a
camera and make the case."

"I don't think they've been clear about it," he added.

"This whole thing is a spin job," said Priebus, according to The Associated
Press. "And I think what the Democrats ought to do is look in the mirror and
face the reality that they lost the election."

Rep. Pete  King, R-N.Y., who serves on the House Intelligence Committee, said he
too is not convinced by the intelligence.

"We haven't been shown that consensus," he said on ABC's "This Week." "If they
have the evidence, show it to us."

Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee,
defended John Brennan, the CIA director.

"I think he has done a remarkable job at the agency and don't think he's trying
to politicize this in any way," he said.

david.savage@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 The Baltimore Sun Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Guardian.com.

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

Some Republicans are nuts, but the party leaders are not

BYLINE: Harry J Ententheguardian.com

LENGTH: 1111 words

ABSTRACT

Harry J Enten: There are extreme Republicans, but the leadership is not about to
allow the party to go the way of the Whigs

FULL TEXT

News watchers these days have to strain their head not to hear a story about
Republicans going off the deep end. Whether it be the asinine attempts to derail
Obamacare in Congress, impeachment talks, or harsh voter identification laws
passed in North Carolina, some of the more extreme members of the Republican
party are front and center.

The question is whether or not these very conservative members are taking
control of the Republican party and perhaps throwing it the way of the Whigs. I
don't just mean as talking-heads on Fox News. I mean leaders of the party.

I can think of two ways we can figure this out. First, we can look at who is
leading the party in Congress, since they are elected by their fellow
congressmen. Second, we can look at who the party is most likely to nominate in
2016.

On the first point, it's important to remember that most congressmen have little
power, even if they scream from the high tops. Loud members of this group
include former Congressmen Dennis Kucinich and Anthony Weiner. They may have
appeared a lot on television, but didn't hold much sway when it came to
legislating. The key is to look at who chairs committees. These are the people
who usher legislation through the US government. Those who hold the purse
strings. The people who set the agenda. The people who hold sway.

It used to be that seniority was the main determinant of committee chairmanship,
but that's changed over the past 20 years. Other factors such party unity and
the ability to fundraise are more important in determining chairmanships, which
make it a good measure of where the center of power is. Senate Minority Leader
Mitch McConnell is actually slightly more toward the middle than the median
Republican. Per DW-nominate scores, which is based on roll call voting, even the
more conservative Minority Whip John Cornyn is within a standard deviation of
his party's center.

The chairmen of the important committees also tend to be more moderate. Senators
Grassley of Iowa, Hatch of Utah, and Shelby of Alabama are all more moderate
than the caucus as a whole. In fact, Grassley is the 7th least conservative
Republican in the Senate. Only the conservative Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma, who is
still more moderate than Marco Rubio, is to the right part of the caucus.

This extends to the House as well. There is no score for Speaker Boehner, but
Majority Leader Eric Cantor is more moderate than the potential 2016
presidential nominees per Nate Silver. Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy is right in
the middle of the Republican caucus per DW-nominate scores. The chairmen of the
Appropriations, Energy and Commerce, Transportation, and Ways and Means are all
more moderate than the caucus as a whole. This includes Fred Upton of Energy and
Commerce, who is more moderate than 80% of his caucus. Only Pete Sessions of the
Rules Committee is more conservative than the caucus of a whole.

Probably more important is who the party's presidential nominee is. This person
projects the image of a party, and if (s)he wins, chooses the national party's
leadership. President Obama is a non-extreme liberal whose multiracial
background echoes a party welcoming to moderates and a growing diverse
population. The latter is part of the reason there have been calls for a Marco
Rubio nomination.

Since the party reforms of the 1970s, a candidate backed by the establishment
hasn't lost the nomination. Even after the anti-establishment Tea Party surge of
2010, a relatively weak Mitt Romney was able to corral the nomination thanks to
establishment support.

So who is the Republican establishment apparently supporting now? New Jersey
Governor Chris Christie. For the time being, the "selection" of Christie
suggests a Republican leadership that isn't about to go off the deep end. It
tells the story of a party leadership that wants to win the White House and will
do what it thinks is necessary to win.

Christie is not currently loved by the grassroots, though as Nate Cohn points
out he can likely overcome the generally inaccurate early primary polling data.
On the key issues that are important to the Republican base such as abortion and
gay marriage, he's not "moderate". Christie is certainly no liberal on taxation
issues. That's likely why the Republican leadership is backing him, when they
wouldn't do the same for former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani. He's
presentable to the different parts of the Republican base when it comes down to
it, even if the numbers don't say it right now.

Still, Christie is not that conservative on the whole. Yes, Christie is
pro-life, anti-gay marriage, and just vetoed gun control legislation. Abortion,
however, is something most Americans are split on. Christie also signed a law
banning gay conversion therapy, and he signed 10 different gun control laws
recently. In other words, Christie is a kind of ideological hodgepodge. This can
best be seen by looking at ideological ranking systems. This takes the
subjectivity out of trying to parse out where exactly a candidate stands.

As Nate Silver did originally, you can average scores acrossdifferentsystems to
get a good idea of where a candidate stands. In the case of Christie, he'd be
the most moderate Republican candidate in the past 50 years.

Christie's scoring on the two rankings we have available place him more toward
the center than any other candidate to win a Republican nomination since 1964.
Some of you might say that Christie is more conservative than these scores
indicate. But it seems to me that for every issue where Christie takes a
conservative stand, he takes a moderate stance. So that while he's conservative
on taxes, he's for campaign finance reform and green energy.

The point is he's more toward the center than previous nominees. He no doubt
will move somewhat towards the right, once he wins a second term in November.
Still, even a hard turn right would still leave him as relatively moderate. A
Republican leadership that was looking to move more towards the right would not
be interested in nominating this man or nominating the committee chairmen they
are in congress. This is a party that wants to win. It's a party leadership that
at least right now is following the historical pattern of wanting to nominate a
more moderate candidate, after losing the the presidential election in two
consecutive cycles.

All of this point to a party that, on an electoral level, is still functioning.
These are signs of a party that isn't going away anytime soon and may win back
all elected federal branches by 2016.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                              842 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

Utah State football: Ags' recruiting class could be best ever

BYLINE: By Tony Jones The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS; College Sports; USU Aggies

LENGTH: 666 words


Logan » Utah State has taken the next step as a program.

No longer are the Aggies just hopefuls on the recruiting trail, promising
prospects the opportunity to come to Logan and be a part of a turnaround.

Today, USU is established as a program that has tasted the postseason. And the
results have been tangible. Just this week, the Aggies received a commitment
from offensive lineman Patrick Ward out of Glendale Community College in
Arizona. Utah State beat out Washington State, Indiana and Purdue for his
talents.

Gary Andersen has kept up with his local ties, snagging D.J. Nelson, the Class
4A MVP out of Logan High, and Class 5A first team all-state running back Nick
Vigil out of Fremont along with former local star Bill Vavau, a big offensive
lineman out of Snow College.

As recuiting winds down to Wednesday's signing day, however, the biggest news
out of Logan centers around recruits who haven't committed.

Utah State is one of three finalists for Snow College defensive lineman Tenny
Palepoi, a former star at Skyline High. Palepoi told The Tribune last Tuesday
that he is leaning toward USU. However, he grew up a Utah fan and will be
visiting Kyle Whittingham's program this weekend.

Getting Palepoi would be a huge bounty for an Aggie defensive line that already
has Al Lapuaho and Bojay Filimoeatu.

Also, Utah State is trying to sway Pleasant Grove star lineman Brandon Fanaika
to decommit from Stanford. The coaching staff visited Fanaika on Thursday night.
He already has a brother on the team, Jason, who started for much of the season
at outside linebacker. USU is hoping that the lure of playing close to family
would be enough to sway the younger brother.

USU has running back Tavarreon Dickerson, a high school commit from Arlington,
Texas, enrolled in school and working out with the team. Returned missionary
Jeff Manning, a former all-everything quarterback at Logan High, is back and
will be ready for spring practice.

With few spots and much of the cast that took the Aggies to the Famous Idaho
Potato Bowl returning, the coaching staff wanted to address depth issues at
receiver. Alex Wheat, a big wideout at 6-foot-5, has committed.

Utah State was more selective in who it recruited, figuring that success would
bring in quality talent. On paper, it looks as if the Aggies were right, as they
again are expected to have to top recruiting class in the Western Athletic
Conference.

With precious little time until Wednesday, Utah State is hoping that Palepoi
commits and the class gets a little bit better.



tjones@sltrib.com

Twitter: @tonyaggieville Alt Heads:

Aggies' recruiting class could be best ever Utah State's projected signings
Playe Pos. Homet School  Ht./Wt. Comment
r          own
Andre OT   West  Chamina 6-4/275                      Will provide
w          Hills de                                   depth to growing
Chen       ,                                          offensive line
           Calif
           .
Tavar RB   Arlin Arlingt 5-9/163 Speedster is already
reon       gton, on              on campus and
Dicke      Texas                 working out
rson
Marqu WR/D Milwa Bradley 6-1/170 Coaching staff loves
an    B    ukee  Tech            his versatile
Ellis                            potential -- could
on                               contribute soon
Devon DB   Thatc Eastern 6-0/175 Will be counted on
ta         her,  Arizona         to step into
Glove      Ariz. JC              defensive backfield
r-Wri
ght
Delro LB   Halla Halland 6-1/195 Another speedster
y          ndale ale             from Florida for the
Hamil      Beach                 defensive to use
ton        ,
           Fla.
Jordo WR   Coffe Coffeyv 6-1/195 Good hands, good
n          yvill ille CC         route runner -- a
Jenki      e,                    big need
ns         Kansa
           s
Bruce WR   Laude Boyd    5-8/165 May need to add
Natso      rdale Anderse         strength, but
n          Lakes n               explosive athlete
           ,
           Fla.
D.J.  QB   Logan Logan   5-10/17                      Possesses same
Nelso            High    5                            intangibles as
n                                                     his famous BYU
                                                      brother Riley
Jake  OL   Danvi San     6-6/270 Could come in and
Simon      lle,  Ramon           challenge for
ich        Calif Valley          playing time right
           .                     away
Bill  OL   Salt  Snow    6-3/320 Prized prospect --
Vavau      Lake  College         brings size and
           City                  toughness
Nick  RB   Plain Fremont 6-3/200 Terrorized Class 5A
Vigil      City  High            football for past
                                 two seasons
Alex  WR   San   Palomar 6-5/210 Counted on to be a
Wheat      Marco C.C.            downfield threat
           s,                    with great size
           Calif
           .
Patri OL   Phoen Glendal 6-3/285 USU beat out
ck         ix    e               Washington State for
Ward             Communi         Ward
                 ty
                 College

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                              July 5, 2011 Tuesday

Other mayors celebrate Pride events;
Backroom battle to sway Ford, July 3

SECTION: LETTER; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 220 words


Backroom battle to sway Ford,

July 3

Cosmopolitan cities all over North America celebrated Gay Pride with their
mayors leading the way. In New York, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and the New York
City Council Speaker Christine C. Quinn, who is gay, marched together during
their Gay Pride parade. Mayor Rahm Emanuel rode in Chicago and Los Angeles Mayor
Antonio Villaraigosa participated and declared Gay Heritage month. Mayor Vincent
Gray in Washington led the parade and told an LGBT town hall meeting at city
hall that he remains strongly committed to defending LGBT issues.

However, the alleged cosmopolitan city image of Toronto is rapidly sliding with
our mayor, the only no-show at a major city Gay Pride parade. The New York
tourism department is ready to take up the slack. New York City has already
stated its first priority is to attract the gay market looking to get married
and it will provide a welcome environment, which includes the support of the
mayor, government and police. The only other image Toronto has is the G20, where
many tourists were part of the arrests and damaged civil liberties that took
place that weekend.

We need to start electing government officials who are worldly, cultivated and
gregarious and who have vision or we may as well start calling this city Hogtown
again.

Ian Liberman, Thornhill

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              844 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            January 31, 2010 Sunday
                                 FINAL Edition

Faith groups lobby Congress for climate bill;
The attempt to sway Maine's senators will culminate with a 'preach-in' next
month.

BYLINE: JOHN RICHARDSON Staff Writer

SECTION: MAINE/NEW ENGLAND; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 550 words


The pressure to act against climate change is heating up in Maine's churches and
synagogues.

Maine Interfaith Power and Light, a non-profit founded by a group of religious
communities, is rallying the state's faithful to demand congressional action
that promotes clean energy and cuts greenhouse gas emissions that scientists say
are heating the planet and changing climate patterns.

The effort is part of a national initiative, but is taking on special
significance in Maine because of the possibility that Republican Sens. Olympia
Snowe and Susan Collins will be keys to whether legislation passes in the coming
months.

The attempt to sway Maine's senators include letter writing campaigns and public
forums. It will culminate the weekend of Feb. 12-14 with a national
''preach-in'' on climate change.

More than 50 houses of worship across the state are expected to participate with
sermons and services focusing on the moral urgency to slow global warming.

''The idea is to make a connection between loving your neighbor and the
potential damage that climate change can do worldwide,'' said Sam Saltonstall, a
Portlander and president of Maine Interfaith's board of directors. ''There are
already climate refugees who just can't farm any more in Africa and who are
flooded out of farms in Bangladesh.''

Climate change has been a growing concern in Maine's faith communities for the
past decade.

The Maine Council of Churches has an environmental justice program that has
worked with congregations to reduce energy use, promote local foods and support
earth-friendly state policies.

''This concern for environmental justice, and particularly climate change, is
really building a momentum across a broad spectrum of people of faith,'' said
Eric Smith, associate director of the council.

''This is an epic natural disaster, but we see it coming. It's like a slow
moving train and we know it's the people living in the poorest parts of the
world who will suffer most.''

But political activism around climate change is a relatively new calling.

Maine Interfaith Power and Light is best known for providing an alternative
source of green energy and helping make churches more energy efficient.

Last fall, the group hired its first advocacy coordinator to help environmental
organizations, military veterans and others push for passage of a federal
climate bill.

A version of the bill passed in the House of Representatives last year. Both of
Maine's representatives voted in favor.

A different version is pending in the Senate. Snowe and Collins are considered
the Senate's most likely Republicans to vote for the bill. And, because some
Democrats are sure to oppose it, their votes may be essential, according
advocates.

''Our mission is to address global warming,'' said Harry Brown, executive
director of Maine Interfaith. ''We just feel like advocacy is the best route to
be pushing at this point in time with the prospects in Washington being as good
as they are right now.''

Brown said he hopes the preach-in and other efforts help add ''the faith voice''
to those calling for action.

''Both Snowe and Collins go to church,'' he said. ''We want our voice to be
heard by them ... in a way perhaps other groups' haven't been.''


Staff Writer John Richardson can be contacted at 791-6324 or at:

jrichardson@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 20, 2009 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Venezuela's Hope of Greater Sway Dims as Riches Dip

BYLINE: By SIMON ROMERO; Alexei Barrionuevo contributed reporting from Brasilia,
Brazil.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Foreign Desk; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1122 words

DATELINE: CARACAS


President Hugo Chavez's push to extend his sway in Latin America is waning amid
low oil prices and disorder in Venezuela's own energy industry.

In recent years, Mr. Chavez has used his nation's oil wealth to drive his
socialist-inspired agenda at home and draw other countries in the region into
his sphere of influence, helping to consolidate a leftward political shift in
parts of Latin America.

But more than a dozen big projects intended to broaden his nation's reach are in
limbo -- including a gas pipeline across the continent and at least eight
refineries, from Jamaica to Uruguay -- as Venezuela grapples with falling
revenues and other troubles in its national oil company.

Venezuela is also cutting back sharply on other types of financial support for
its neighbors, a cornerstone of its regional influence. One recent study by the
Center of Economic Investigations, a financial consulting firm here, found that
Venezuela had announced plans to spend only about $6 billion abroad this year,
down from $79 billion in 2008.

That includes proposed spending on everything from military purchases to aid,
and points to a major weakening of Mr. Chavez's oil diplomacy. Gone, for
instance, are multibillion-dollar outlays to buy Argentine bonds, replaced by
modest loans like $9 million for growing rice in Haiti.

Now countries that have been dependent on Venezuelan aid are turning elsewhere.
Argentina locked in a $10 billion deal with China to help it buy Chinese
imports, while Ecuador, a close ally of Venezuela, is rekindling ties to the
International Monetary Fund, the kind of Western-dominated institution that Mr.
Chavez scorns.

Some Venezuelan allies even appear to be warming to the Obama administration,
sometimes in areas like military training. This month, President Rafael Correa
of Ecuador sent a personal  pilot to study at the Air War College in Montgomery,
Ala.

Cuba, too, is cautiously opening the door to improving ties with Washington,
while trying to attract investment from Brazil, potentially reducing its
reliance on Venezuela.

''Chavez's influence is starting to reach its natural limits, after years of
pushing a regional integration process where Venezuela was the hub and others
are the spokes,'' said Daniel P. Erikson, an analyst at the Inter-American
Dialogue, a research institution in Washington. ''Midsize countries in Latin
America have no interest in being a spoke to Venezuela.''

Larger countries, meanwhile, are pursuing their own agendas, helping to redraw
the map of energy alliances and power in Latin America away from Venezuela and
from Bolivia, a top ally of Mr. Chavez's with large natural gas reserves.
Brazil, Argentina and Chile all moved forward this year with projects to import
natural gas from rival sources, like Russia and Trinidad and Tobago.

Brazil has also emerged as an energy rival  after discovering large amounts of
oil and natural gas off its Atlantic coast. Now it is increasing exports to the
United States, Mr. Chavez's top customer, while Venezuela's national oil company
faces declining output from its oil fields.

Despite the changes, Venezuela still retains broad influence in the region,
including parts of the Caribbean and Central America, where it allows more than
15 nations to defer part of the bill for Venezuelan oil. Their debts to
Venezuela climbed more than 30 percent in 2008, to $5.5 billion.

Another of Venezuela's top priorities, the formation of the Bank of the South, a
development bank intended to counter the influence of the World Bank, also seems
to be making some progress, though it is unclear when it will start operating.

Venezuela also wields influence in ALBA, a cooperation group of about six of the
region's poorest nations, including Nicaragua and Bolivia.

Still, a sharp fall in oil revenue here has accentuated problems at the national
oil company. Tensions are high with labor unions over salaries that trail the
nation's inflation rate, the highest in Latin America. Losses are accumulating
because Venezuela has some of the world's most generous domestic fuel subsidies,
leading also to illegal smuggling of cheap fuel to Colombia. And there have been
long delays in assembling complex export projects, and mounting debts.

Amid the problems, Mr. Chavez seized the assets of dozens of foreign and
domestic oil contractors this month instead of paying debts to them valued at
more than $10 billion.

Under such pressures, Mr. Chavez has had to shift focus this year from the vast
international projects that expand his influence to shoring up the national oil
company, Petroleos de Venezuela, which provides the country with more than 90
percent of its export income. In April, the company cut executive salaries by 20
percent and froze the salaries of its 75,000 employees.

Other projects, like a long-delayed plan to tap offshore natural gas reserves by
shipping the fuel in supertankers, are advancing at a snail's pace.

''Venezuela tried to impose its own view of energy integration in the region,
but that model is falling to pieces,'' said Roger Tissot, an authority on
Venezuela's energy industry at Gas Energy, a Brazilian consulting company. ''The
potential markets are seizing on low energy prices to achieve diversity of
supply.''

Some of the strain may even be showing in Venezuela's program to provide
subsidized oil to nations in the region. At least one country eager to
participate, Costa Rica, has said that its request has languished, a potential
sign that Caracas is less willing to take on new members at a time of declining
revenues. At the same time, Costa Rica has been considering a deal with China
for building a $6 billion oil refinery.

By contrast, Brazil's ascendance in regional political and energy issues was on
display after the election in March of a leftist in El Salvador, Mauricio Funes,
who was greeted with enthusiasm by Mr. Chavez as proof of the ''historical
current that has been rising in Latin America in this first decade of the 21st
century.'' Yet Mr. Funes's first visit after winning was to meet with Brazil's
moderate leftist president, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva.

''I identify more with the Brazilian model than with Venezuela's, but I want
good relations with them all,'' Mr. Funes said during the visit in March.
Publicly, Brazil applauds Mr. Chavez's regional initiatives, like the often
delayed Bank of the South, and the $20 billion pipeline from Venezuela to
Argentina. But Brazil does so with caveats in line with its own interests. ''I
think the project is feasible,'' Brazil's foreign minister, Celso Amorim, said
in April of the pipeline, ''but during the crisis there are not any available
funds. The large project should wait a while.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva of Brazil, left, and
President Hugo Chavez of Venezuela. Mr. Chavez has used his country's oil wealth
to win friends and influence in Latin America.(PHOTOGRAPH BY ERALDO
PERES/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              846 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           November 25, 2006 Saturday

Religious groups exert sway for change Religious groups exert sway for change;
Leaders meet with officials to lobby on behalf of their parishioners

BYLINE: Rebecca Rosen Lum, CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 702 words


Three weeks ago, the Richmond police chief, a sheriff's lieutenant and a city
councilwoman met with congregants at the El Sobrante Sikh temple to discuss the
killing of a cab driver.

It was similar to a meeting Gurdwara Sahib El Sobrante leaders instigated three
years previously to discuss a spate of attacks on Sikh drivers.

Both meetings bore fruit -- the first led to $25,000 in grant money to install
bulletproof glass in cabs. The second explored additional protections, such as
tracking devices, and arranging for cab drivers to change shifts outside police
stations or substations.

Such meetings are not unique: Clergy across Contra Costa are generating the
political will for changes that will benefit their parishioners.

Some have joined political campaigns for and against state measures, some have
sought social change or to help immigrants. The social activism goes back
decades.

In May, St. Francis of Assisi Church in Concord led a march for immigrant rights
that drew 12,000, according to police.

In September, the Rev. Charles Newsome, the Rev. Andre Shumake and scores of
other Richmond leaders and residents pitched two tent cities to draw attention
to the high costs of street violence.

A Contra Costa interfaith coalition organized the campaign for a November ballot
measure that would have provided health coverage for the state's uninsured
children through a cigarette tax.

There's nothing new about clerics advocating for their congregants, said Bill
McKinney, president of the Pacific School of Religion.

"The early years in the American experience, Protestants ran the show and
Catholics and others had to band together to fight for their rights," he said.

"The classic pattern has been the minister knocks on the door of the school and
says, 'You're not treating my parishioner's kid fairly.' The new thing is to
broaden the sphere of influence."

A recent trend shows large, affluent suburban congregations allying with poorer
parishes to campaign for improvements to quality of life.

Such is the case in the Contra Costa Interfaith Sponsoring Committee, which
campaigned for a tax increase to keep Doctors Medical Center open, a new middle
school in Richmond and an inclusionary housing ordinance in Brentwood.

"We've been meeting regularly with the city over housing issues, especially in
regards to the Concord Naval Weapons Station," said the Rev. Jerry Brown,
spiritual leader of St. Francis of Assisi Church in Concord. "We've tried to get
money freed up for low-income housing."

Brown and others from St. Francis brought Mayor Susan Bonilla to see an
apartment building with several health code violations.

"There was an issue of the eviction of a couple families," Bonilla said. "I went
out there, I saw it, I called an ad hoc committee meeting." The committee
continues to follow the case.

A push by spiritual leaders can move an issue along the bureaucratic pipeline,
she said.

"The church's involvement is important, but more than that, it is uniquely
attuned to meeting the needs of people who have no other form of advocacy."

Leaders at St. Peter Martyr Church in Pittsburg have worked with schools and
police to quell truancy and bullying, said pastoral assistant Carolyn Krantz.

But now, "The church is getting actively involved (in housing issues)," asking
the city to hold the line on high-end development, including a cluster of costly
new homes and townhouses.

City planning director Melissa Ayres credits many groups with securing
protections for renters.

Successful interdenominational drives avoid hot-button issues such as the death
penalty or abortion. Instead, they focus on naturals for consensus-building,
McKinney said -- public schools or community policing, for instance.

St. Anthony's Catholic Church in Oakley persuaded John Muir Medical Center to
place a mobile clinic in Oakley last spring, and now church leaders are seeking
a permanent health center.

"A lot of kids within our own youth group said they have nowhere to go if they
get sick," said Nancy Marquez. "We learned a lot of parishioners are in the same
situation."

"As far as I know, we're the only ones moving on this," she said.

Rebecca Rosen Lum covers religion. Reach her at 925-977-8506 or
rrosenlum@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              847 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              June 15, 2012 Friday
                                  Main Edition

History lives again in Woodruff's art

BYLINE: Felicia Feaster; For the AJC

SECTION: GO GUIDE; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 682 words



HIGHLIGHT: Murals depict key points in time for African-Americans.


One of the most striking features of African-American artist and teacher Hale
Woodruff's murals on display in the High Museum's "Rising Up: Hale Woodruff's
Murals at Talladega College" is the vivacity of their colors: the deep, rosy
pinks, eggplants and swimming pool blues. It is one of the enduringly magical
characteristics of fine art: how the decades and in some cases the centuries can
melt away as an artwork bristles with the immediacy of something freshly
conceived.

The six commissioned murals painted between 1939 and 1942 and housed at
Alabama's Talladega College --- founded in 1867 as an institution for freed
slaves --- document important moments in African-American history. Three of the
works are dedicated to the 1839 slave mutiny aboard the Amistad ship, one
depicts the Underground Railroad and two commemorate the founding of Talladega
College --- including the largest work at 70-by-243 inches.

In addition to the headlining murals, there are early paintings, studies for
these and other mural projects, prints and a side wing of the exhibition devoted
to the conservation of the Talladega murals. In a move away from what has in the
past often been the museum's tendency to trumpet great works without engaging a
deeper conversation, this show wisely provides the necessary elixir of context
for both Woodruff's career and the social and art history from which the murals
emerged. The first professor of art at Atlanta University (now Clark Atlanta
University), Woodruff was important not just for his artwork, but for the
example he set, of an artist engaged with America's racial politics.

From earlier works in Woodruff's career we see the influence of Cezanne and
Picasso-modernism and Cubism, showing up in the fluid, kinetic forms of the
Talladega murals whose human figures sway and bend like live oaks. Woodruff also
fell under the sway of Mexican muralist Diego Rivera's social consciousness.
(Woodruff spent some time studying in Mexico with Rivera himself.) Of course, as
a black man living in America, Woodruff didn't need a Mexican Communist to
school him on injustice. Woodruff observed firsthand the profound poverty
ringing Atlanta University.

His weeping forms and muddy color palette often give a sinister, dream-like
element that underscores the social horrors he depicts. A desolate hillside and
the remains of a home in the 1936 painting "Southland" depicts the region in
almost nightmare terms. A still-shocking suite of linocut prints included in
"Rising Up" offer singularly disturbing portraits of Southern life. Two of those
linocuts made in 1935 offer graphic depictions of lynchings and appeared in a
New York exhibition on that theme also featuring work by George Bellows and
Thomas Hart Benton.

An interesting aspect of the show is the remarkable attention given, in
Woodruff's Depression-era America, to the country's racial divide and the
specter of racism. While every American schoolchild today knows about the March
on Washington, the story of the slave uprising aboard the Amistad is less
well-known. The murals reveal not only Woodruff's singular talent, but little
discussed, instructive facets of American history. Lest one imagine Woodruff was
one-note divisive, his vision of a Talladega campus built by both black and
white men represented in "The Building of Savery Library" (1942) mural conveys a
spirit of harmony and optimism about America's future.

The murals themselves are remarkable not just for enduring the decades so well,
but for the way Woodruff makes history, as the cliche goes, come alive.

Art Review

"Rising Up: Hale Woodruff's Murals at Talladega College"

Through Sept. 2. 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Tuesdays-Saturdays; until 8 p.m. Thursdays;
noon- 5 p.m. Sundays. $18; $15, students and seniors; $11, ages 6-17; free,
children 5 or younger and members. High Museum of Art, 1280 Peachtree St. N.E.,
Atlanta. 404-733-4444, www.high.org.

Bottom line: An eye-opening look into the socially relevant work of a one-time
Atlanta artist.

Your guide to art exhibits, popular attractions and event venues and news is
accessatlanta.com/events.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2012 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              848 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2016 Friday

California: Guidance fails to sway states opposed to EPA ozone standard.

LENGTH: 102  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The State of California has issued the following news release:



   Guidance fails to sway states opposed to EPA ozone standard. States suing to
block U.S. EPA's latest ground-level ozone standard take a dim view of recently
revised "exceptional events" guidance that the agency has touted as one route to
meeting the more rigorous air quality threshold, according to a new court
submission. The revised guidance "is no substitute" for an achievable national
ambient air quality standard...



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2016 Friday

California: Guidance fails to sway states opposed to EPA ozone standard.

LENGTH: 102  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The State of California has issued the following news release:



   Guidance fails to sway states opposed to EPA ozone standard. States suing to
block U.S. EPA's latest ground-level ozone standard take a dim view of recently
revised "exceptional events" guidance that the agency has touted as one route to
meeting the more rigorous air quality threshold, according to a new court
submission. The revised guidance "is no substitute" for an achievable national
ambient air quality standard...



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Assemblyman With Sway in the Orthodox Jewish Community Endorses Hynes's Opponent

BYLINE: By VIVIAN YEE

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 879 words


Among the most daunting obstacles Kenneth P. Thompson faces in his bid to unseat
Charles J. Hynes, the longtime Brooklyn district attorney, is the borough's
Orthodox Jewish community. It votes in large blocs, and its sizable support has
helped propel Mr. Hynes to re-election over and over again.

But Mr. Thompson gained a symbolically significant backer on Tuesday in Dov
Hikind, a Democratic state assemblyman who represents the heavily Orthodox
neighborhood of Borough Park, Brooklyn, and is a longtime power broker in the
Orthodox community. Mr. Thompson, a Democratic lawyer in private practice, hopes
that Mr. Hikind's endorsement will help him make inroads among Jewish voters
despite Mr. Hynes's deep ties to ultra-Orthodox leaders.

It was those ties that Mr. Hikind targeted on Tuesday, echoing other detractors
of Mr. Hynes, who have argued for years that his close relationships with
politically influential ultra-Orthodox rabbis have made him less likely to
prosecute members of the ultra-Orthodox community accused of sexually abusing
children.

''There is no question that he will be fair and he will not play politics with
that issue,'' Mr. Hikind said of Mr. Thompson.

Calling Mr. Thompson ''a mensch'' and joking that he could deliver ''at least
four votes'' -- from himself and his family -- Mr. Hikind promised to push
Orthodox votes his way. ''I'm ready to walk with you in all the Jewish
communities,'' he said, standing in front of a kosher pizzeria in Borough Park.

Indeed, there in the heart of Mr. Hikind's district, his jovial imprimatur
seemed to be all the recommendation voters needed. As he guided Mr. Thompson and
reporters along the bustling block, stopping to chat with Hasidic women pushing
baby strollers and ducking into one Jewish-owned business after another, Mr.
Hikind all but declared him one of their own.

He introduced Mr. Thompson to constituent after constituent. He expounded on the
success of Jewish religious singers in a music store. He bought him a slice of
kosher pizza. (Mr. Thompson called it ''some of the best I ever had.'')

''If you support him, I agree,'' one shopkeeper said.

''Did you hear that?'' Mr. Hikind crowed. ''Now, that's not orchestrated.''
After they left the shop, Mr. Hikind leaned in: ''We can do the same in Crown
Heights, in Williamsburg, everywhere else,'' he said, naming neighborhoods with
large ultra-Orthodox communities.

Mr. Thompson said little, smiling and shaking hands as Mr. Hikind introduced
him.

Mr. Hynes, who has the support of Brooklyn's powerful Democratic machine and the
advantage of longevity, is still the favorite in the race, and within
ultra-Orthodox communities voters are more likely to follow their rabbis'
recommendations than Mr. Hikind's. But the incumbent has appeared vulnerable in
recent months amid negative publicity about his political connections and new
scrutiny of some wrongful murder convictions during his tenure, allowing Mr.
Thompson's candidacy to gain momentum.

Mr. Thompson has picked up several key endorsements, including from
Representatives Hakeem Jeffries and Yvette D. Clarke, both Brooklyn Democrats,
and the city's biggest union, 1199 SEIU United Healthcare Workers East. He also
won the support of the other Democratic contender in the race, Abe George, who
backed out last week, setting up a head-to-head race and ensuring that the two
challengers would not split votes.

Now his advisers see an opening in the Orthodox community, where Mr. Hynes's
prosecutions of sexual abuse cases are increasingly controversial.

Even when Mr. Hynes began taking a tougher stance on sexual abuse allegations in
the ultra-Orthodox communities, critics said he bowed to pressure from rabbis by
not disclosing the names of those prosecuted. Mr. Hynes has said he shielded the
names so other victims would not be discouraged from coming forward.

Mr. Hynes appeared to greet the endorsement with a shrug. ''We are proud to have
broad support across the borough,'' said his campaign spokesman, George Arzt.

Popular as he may be in Orthodox neighborhoods, Mr. Hikind has run into trouble
with other communities, as when he was photographed in February wearing
blackface to a party he hosted to celebrate the Jewish holiday of Purim. Last
month, when Mr. Thompson, who is black, appeared on Mr. Hikind's weekly radio
show, Mr. Hikind called him ''articulate'' -- a word that African-Americans
often see as offensive, more veiled expression of surprise than compliment. (Its
use ignited a controversy in 2007, when Joseph R. Biden Jr., then a senator,
said it of Barack Obama, who was running for president.)

''You're an impressive guy,'' Mr. Hikind said. ''Starting from being
articulate.'' On Tuesday, he repeated the comment to a reporter, calling Mr.
George, who is of Indian descent, and Mr. Thompson ''very articulate and
impressive.''

Asked for comment, Mr. Thompson's campaign referred to his remark after last
month's broadcast, when he said he was not offended. ''I've been called
articulate many times in my life,'' he told Yeshiva World News. ''Over it.''

On Tuesday, Mr. Hikind was asked whether he thought Mr. Thompson, with his help,
had a chance of wresting the ultra-Orthodox bloc away from Mr. Hynes.

''Well, the past is the past,'' Mr. Hikind said. ''This is the future.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/31/nyregion/legislator-with-sway
-in-orthodox-jewish-community-endorses-hyness-opponent.html

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Assemblyman Dov Hikind, right, and Kenneth P. Thompson, a
Brooklyn district attorney candidate, campaigning on Tuesday. (PHOTOGRAPH BY
MICHAEL NAGLE FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              851 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                  May 22, 2002 Wednesday 2 Late Tampa Edition

Swing time

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 56 words


Gloria Olstrom and Elio Perez sway Tuesday evening to the strains of music from
yesteryear at the Barksdale Senior Center in Tampa. Tuesday nights harken back
to a bygone musical era of swing and big band, with the occasional tango and
cha-cha performed by a 16-piece orchestra to the dancing pleasure of about 35
dolled-up couples.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, THOMAS M. GOETHE; Gloria Olstrom and Elio Perez sway Tuesday
evening to the strains of music from yesteryear at the Barksdale Senior Center
in Tampa.

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                              852 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            April 13, 2000, Thursday

DORISMOND KILLING MAY BE LATEST TO SWAY AN ELECTION ; DORISMOND KILLING MIGHT BE
LATEST TO SWAY ELECTION

BYLINE: Jack Newfield

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 006

LENGTH: 699 words


RUDY GIULIANI's sudden double-digit plunge in the polls may indicate that
another killing will decide yet another New York election.

In August of 1989, a mob of whites in Bensonhurst killed teenager Yusuf Hawkins
because he was black. That murder shifted enough white moderate votes, and
ignited enough additional black turnout, to elect David Dinkins over Ed Koch in
the Democratic primary two weeks later.

In August of 1991, a mob of blacks killed Hasidic student Yankel Rosenbaum in
Crown Heights.

Mayor Dinkins displayed passive indifference during three nights of rioting that
followed - and two years later Giuliani defeated Dinkins due to a shift of
secular Jewish voters.

Now it seems that Giuliani's monumentally callous response to the police killing
of Patrick Dorismond has shifted moderate white votes from him to Hillary
Clinton.

The shooting is not the catalyst. It is Giuliani's response to it. The latest
poll shows Mrs. Clinton leading the mayor 49-41 percent. Two months ago Giuliani
was ahead 46-41.

In the latest poll, 79 percent of the New York City respondents said Giuliani's
comments on the shooting "made the situation worse." Sixty percent of
suburbanites share this revulsion.

Most of this 13-point swing can be attributed to Giuliani releasing the sealed
juvenile record of the innocent victim before he could be buried.

And then justifying this lawless act by responding with the cold legalism that
you can't libel a dead man, ignoring the immorality and inhumanity of what he
did.

This was a clear, unambiguous fact that was accessible to everyone. It wasn't
murky and debatable like the shooting, where witnesses gave differing accounts.

Giuliani tried to discredit and distort Dorismond's short life in a variety of
vile ways - trying to paint him as a violent criminal who spent his life
punching people, and mockingly saying he was no altar boy. In fact, Dorismond
was an altar boy who aspired to become a police officer.

Three funerals with racial symbolism. Three elections turning on waves of anger
and sorrow.

People tend to remember funerals longer than they remember the details of a City
Council debate about workfare or solid-waste disposal.

This is my political theory about New York elections. Homicides and tragedies
move voters in this racially raw and volatile city - especially if the incumbent
leader makes himself a lightning rod with wounding words.

Giuliani certainly can come back from this low ebb. Hillary Clinton has shown a
propensity for making mistakes. She is still vulnerable to reports the special
prosecutor plans to release on Travelgate and other matters.

My hunch is that the loser of the Clinton-Giuliani contest will be whoever makes
the last big mistake.

But the mayor's heartless comments about the Dorismond shooting may prove to be
this last huge blunder.

It seems almost that Giuliani has snapped. His remarks have been that far over
the line of decency.

Breaking the court seal on a juvenile record and repeatedly smearing the
character of the innocent victim is one of those rare events that changes
judgments.

It is like Alfonse D'Amato calling Chuck Schumer a "putzhead" and then lying
about it.

It is like Ed Koch trashing the values and lifestyles of suburban and upstate
residents in Playboy magazine at the start of his 1982 campaign for governor.

When the white mob killed Yusuf Hawkins a lot of people decided this town needed
a racial healer as mayor. They thought (mistakenly) that grandfatherly David
Dinkins fit the bill better than bombastic Ed Koch.

When Dinkins failed to deploy the police to quell the anti-Semitic rioting in
Crown Heights, moderate voters - myself included - decided we wanted a strong
leader who would not tolerate violence by any racial group.

Now Giuliani has alienated the independent middle. His excellent legal mind
seems to be in total denial about police abuses.

Voters are starting to say Rudy was a great wartime consigliere to fight crime,
but now we need a peacetime consigliere with crime reduced and the economy
flourishing.

Once again, the response to a killing seems to be transforming a New York
election.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              853 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                            January 2, 1998, Friday

Runga album gains US release

BYLINE: SHIELS Rosa

SECTION: FEATURES; ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 22; NOTEWORTHY WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 394 words


Hometown girl Bic Runga is returning to Christchurch tomorrow as part of a
20-date tour to promote her triple platinum (sales upwards of 50,000 copies)
debut album Drive.

Calling from the Coromandel, the singer's news media representative says that
the really exciting news'' is that the album, already enjoying moderate success
in South-east Asia, will receive a broad Europe/United States release in the
first week of March.

A new American-standard video of Sway has been made with the help of
Seattle-based Josh Taft, who has done videos for Pearl Jam, Stone Temple Pilots,
Live, and other high-rotation MTV acts. Shot before Christmas in Los Angeles,
the very blue, 60s feel'' imagery shows Runga with an ice-cream cart in the
snow. Sway will be the precursor single for the album.

In the meantime, the tour, for which the Christchurch venue is the James Hay
Theatre, is drawing to a close. Runga and her band -- Wayne Bell on drums,
Christchurch's Aaron MacDonald on bass, and Andrew Thorne on guitar -- are
joined by Runga's sister Pearl on keyboards, percussion, and backing vocals.

The support for the New Zealand tour has been Melbourne outfit the Lucksmiths, a
pop band who have a quirky stage show more akin to a comedy routine.

Rusks disc deal: Late last month, the Rusks played the Wunderbar in Lyttelton.
Lo and behold, a star appeared before them in the shape of a record
representative from an American label.

A deal was struck, and this year the band will record a series of singles on the
Tennessee-based Big Jim Records, with a US club and university tour to follow.
Battlers: A mixture of guitar rock with the odd ballad thrown in, coupled with a
great stage show'', are the self-explanatory notes for rock group Envy.

The band will play samples of their genre at the Dux de Lux tomorrow. They were
seen recently at the Rejuvenation battle of the bands.

Vocality: Voiceworks, a tuition course for singers, will begin at the Arts
Centre this year. Founded by lecturer, arranger, and conductor Wayne Senior, of
the Christchurch Polytechnic Jazz School, the course will suit beginners to more
established singers who want to expand their capabilities in the areas of
contemporary popular music, cabaret, jazz, and music theatre. Phone 363-2830.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Bic Runga: triple-platinum sales.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 Fairfax New Zealand


                              854 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                           December 2, 2015 Wednesday

Poorer nations could sway climate talks;
Arguments promoted by an alliance of these climatically warmer developing
countries might derail COP 21.

BYLINE: FRANK-JRGEN RICHTER , Poorer nations could sway climate talks

SECTION: OPINION; Editorial

LENGTH: 985 words


PARIS has braced itself to accommodate ministers, advisers, journalists and
protesters to the UN climate change meeting, COP 21 (Committee of All Parties),
which has 137 confirmed attendees by heads of state on the first day. Then it
will be up to other conference delegates to wrangle an agreement which many hope
will be the "Kyoto II".

Of course Paris and the French government have been planning this meeting for
some years as they have to cater for 40,000 people, including 3,000 journalists.
Many issues have to be managed on a massive scale - communications, transport,
accommodation, food and more. Plus delegates need to be protected from the
expected 200,000 protesters - although their planned rally has been cancelled
due to the heightened security against terrorist attacks. Finally, all 195
nations of the United Nations are expected to sign the convention, typically by
their heads of government.

Earlier, I had thought COP 21 might be a "done deal" as the world's biggest
climate polluters in absolute terms - China and the US - had agreed a timetable
of mitigation. When US President Barack Obama met Chinese President Xi Jinping
in China last November they agreed the US would reduce emissions by some 28 per
cent by 2025, and China to peak emissions by 2030 or before. They reaffirmed
their commitments when Mr Xi visited the US in September 2015. Other nations
were expected to follow their lead.

At Paris, besides the main conference, there will be hundreds of break-out
meetings where officials will try to clarify various issues. Most agree that
climate change is an urgent problem, but there are still some sceptics. Nations
will try to win concessions on the depth and timing of changes they must make to
keep the global temperature rise to two degrees Celsius.

We all appreciate that hot weather makes us uncomfortable. Some economists think
that rich countries with their air conditioning might not suffer as much as
poor, technology-light nations. But it turns out that the story is not so
simple. Much depends on whether one's location has an average temperature above
or below the global average.

In a recent academic paper, professors Marshall Burke, Solomon Hsiang and Edward
Miguel of the University of California at Berkeley note that countries with
generally cooler weather than the global average, as in northern Europe, have
achieved higher than average economic growth when their temperatures were warmer
than average. They say that cold northern nations will grow in GDP (gross
domestic product) terms and hotter ones will falter. Their findings are
substantiated to 2100 (the end of the COP 21 planning horizon).

There are many ramifications to these findings and all will be aired in Paris.
Convoluted discussions will be held between those who understand the science and
those not so well informed.

Over recent years the UN/IPCC (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change) has
presented many scenarios describing the effects of increasing global
temperatures, and how individuals might respond. We have a limited natural
control over our bodies, and we cannot control the effect of the weather which
is predicted to become more extreme. Richer northern climes might have to cope
with ever more economic migrants from hotter areas where it just does not make
economic sense to battle against nature. There will come a time when local
mitigation costs become prohibitive and migration is the best option.

Interestingly the same academics note other effects of climatic stress - that is
warmer temperatures or more extreme rainfall increases social tensions and
conflicts. These will cut into everyone's profits but the results fall
asymmetrically upon the poor, making them poorer. These poor will wish to
migrate.

The perception of a nation being rich will be an attractor to a poor person, so
migrating to the US, Europe or China will become a goal. We will hear in COP 21
the US and Europe described by developing nations as historically polluting
nations and these richer nations should now do their utmost to give even greater
economic support to developing nations. This will leave China on the fence -
perceived as a rich nation and a migration target, while its negotiators will
attempt to derive benefits accruing to a developing nation.

An accepted precondition for economic growth is having sufficient energy. The
Philippines wishes to install 24 new coal-fired power stations - they need more
electricity 24/7 to boost their economy and they know that wind and solar energy
have technological drawbacks even though they are non-polluting.

These new power stations, even into the future, are unlikely to capture much of
the green-house gas and carbon dioxide, as the sequestration technology is
unproven at scale. Ironically the Philippines will contribute further to the
global temperature rise: Yet, as they are in a "hot" geographic location, their
future economic condition is predicted to worsen long term even with a greater
supply of electrical energy.

A similar issue arises in Bangladesh. They have installed a large base of solar
panels, greatly improving rural life and productivity. But again, to guarantee
electricity supplies 24/7 they are installing new coal-fired generators. India
too, soon to become the world's most populous nation, will demand at COP 21 that
it be allowed to further develop its coal-fired electricity generation so that
it may continue to develop economically. These nations might argue for their
short-term solution in COP 21, but what would be the long-term impact'

While the world's two largest polluters, the US and China, are in the colder
northern regions and according to the academics will grow strongly into the
future, what might derail COP 21 may be arguments promoted by an alliance of
climatically warmer and economically poorer developing nations.


o The writer is founder and chairman of Horasis, a global visions community

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: At Paris, nations will try to win concessions on the depth and timing
of changes they must make to keep the global temperature rise to two degrees
Celsius.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday

National poll: New Clinton email probe 'not a factor' for majority of
African-Americans

BYLINE: Anita Bennett; anita.bennett@langnews.com @tvanita on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 409 words

ABSTRACT

The first of its kind national poll of registered African-American voters was
conducted by Howard University and the National Newspaper Publishers
Association. We get a preview of the results.

FULL TEXT

As the FBI reviews thousands of newly discovered emails on former Congressman
Anthony Weiner's laptop, leading to a renewed probe of Hillary Clinton's private
server, a new poll shows this latest Clinton controversy is doing little to sway
African-American voters.

The national survey, called the Black Voter Poll, was conducted by Howard
University and the National Newspaper Publishers Association, a nonpartisan
trade as

sociation of African-American-owned newspapers in the United States.

The survey included more than 21,000 telephone calls across the country to
registered black voters between Oct. 23-30, ending just hours after the FBI
revealed it was renewing its inquiry into Clinton's emails.

According to Benjamin Chavis, CEO of the National Newspaper Publishers
Association, most respondents said the email saga was "not a factor" in their
choice for president.

"Let me put it this way, African-Americans who were polled said that these
latest revelations did not sway their vote one way or another," Chavis said by
telephone in an exclusive preview of the poll.

Of those contacted, 94 percent said they plan to participate in the Nov. 8
election, and most said they plan to vote for the Democratic presidential
nominee.

"Those who responded to the poll overwhelmingly favor Hillary Clinton," Chavis
said. "There were only minimal responses for Donald Trump. From the responses,
it's pretty solidly Democratic. It's interesting, not just for the top of the
ticket, but down ticket also."

Chavis, former head of the NAACP, said the respondents expressed concerns about
issues that directly affect their lives, such as the economy, education and
police shootings.

"There's a wide range of issues from concern about police brutality, mass
incarceration, to the feeling that the educational system needs to strive for
more excellence for African-American children," Chavis explained.

The survey was conducted from a polling center on the campus of Howard
University - a historically black college in Washington, D.C. - and included
more than two dozen questions, such as age, income level and religious
affiliation.

Full results of the survey will be released this morning during a news
conference at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Hollywood Reporter

                              June 2, 2006 Friday

Rock Chick- MTV at 25

LENGTH: 717  words


Her official title might be MTV president, but that hardly covers Christina
Norman's territory. Her area of oversight includes the MTV-branded channels MTV2
and MTV Hits, as well as new-media offshoots like MTV Overdrive. And this is a
woman who knows her territory, having been with the channel since 1991. In 2002,
she crossed over to sister network VH1, spending the latter half of her three
years there as the network's president. But in May 2005, she followed the siren
song of MTV, where she has reigned ever since. The Hollywood Reporter's Andrew
Wallenstein recently met with Norman in New York to talk about how she steers a
global brand through the challenges thrown her way by the new-media world.

The Hollywood Reporter: You've been president of MTV for about a year now. How
has your programming changed given how much media has changed?

Christina Norman: The position is totally different. What we've been able to do
is program for viewers on each of these distinct platforms and really create a
unique entertainment experience for them -- and what you thought that was a year
ago is not what it's turned out to be. At first, content for new platforms
followed a DVD model, (with) a lot of bonus footage. But it was like, "Why would
I want to watch this stuff that wasn't good enough to put in the movie?" And
now, it's more-curated experiences, and I think that's what we've been
developing.

THR: Can you give me an example of this evolution?

Norman: If you love "8th & Ocean," now you want more. I just don't want to see
outtakes. I want to see interviews with the cast. I want to get all the stuff I
can on it. I want to know about the music on the show. On wireless, we've just
produced our first original segments for wireless with (MTV personality) Sway
called "Sway's HipHop Owners Manual." They were shot specifically for that
format -- for watching them on your phone -- and they've been No. 1 on our deck
on (Verizon Wireless') V Cast. It's kind of cool that we can drive that kind of
usage around original content.

THR: Is programming to new platforms different than what is done for the main
channel?

Norman: I just think it's really about knowing that the audience is discerning
enough to ... expect and deserve an entertainment experience that's built for
what that platform is. It's not just taking the things you have and spreading
them around across everything. On MTV Overdrive, I can have more of a
pick-and-choose sort of experience. On a wireless experience, which is the small
screen, I'm gonna watch for 90 seconds.

THR: What do these new platforms mean for content producers?

Norman: What's going to attract the creative community is, it's a whole new
ballgame. You don't have to have a 22-minute show pitch. You can have these
great funny characters and not know where they go, but we can work on it
together. I think that (the creative community) is excited about the potential.
It's another way for those creative people to come to us. Music video directors
who can't do a whole series and don't have that kind of time but have two days
between projects can make things happen. I think nobody knows what's gonna work
in any of these things. I think there's a lot of experimentation, which is a
good thing because I think that's what fuels MTV and will continue to fuel MTV.

THR: Does all this diminish the importance of the main channel?

Norman: Series and primetime are still our biggest weapons -- our weapons of
choice, in some ways. That's where so much content emanates from, but that
doesn't mean that that's the only place stuff can emanate from. That's sort of
what we found. We've got this wheel where linear TV is still one of the big
entry points, but there are so many other ones along the way.

THR: Could the day come when hits emerge from new platforms instead of the
channel?

Norman: What we've seen in Korea, for example, where mobile is really the medium
of choice for people, that could happen here. I think the great thing about us,
again, is that it's our audience that leads this. I think we'll sort of be there
with them first. Right now, they like watching short bits on mobile, and they
like, sort of let-me-pick-this-out experiences on broadband, but there's any
number of different business models that could emerge around where these hit
shows live.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Print

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                    Copyright 2006 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            September 3, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Local seniors play and sway the Hawaiian way: Unique Edmonton band can leave you
dreaming of sea, sand and retirement

BYLINE: Edith Kirby, The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: LIFE; Seniors; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 444  words


Imagine 42 seniors (aged 55 to 80-year-old Cecilia Hsu) in full Hawaiian dress.
Think sand, surf, music, and pretty wahines doing the hula. Think the Hawaiian
Treasures band. Don't think; join them. You may even get to play in public if
you like.

Leader George Lake (a.k.a. Keoki in Hawaiian) had a CKUA Hawaiian band program
from 1949 to 1952, so he knows the music. For 10 years he's been pleading,
cajoling and praising the Hawaiian Treasures to perfection at Monday's steel
guitar practice; and Thursday's ukulele.

Today as they practise Careless Hands; Sands of Waikiki; Royal Hawaiian Hotel
Medley, suddenly somebody doesn't sound quite right. "You don't want that second
string to drag along. Bring it in. There you've got it," says Keoki.

"Good vibrato."

"You're sounding better all the time." Keoki says again.

"I don't know of any other group of seniors across Canada playing Hawaiian steel
guitar," Keoki says.

And don't ever think senior ladies can't sway their hips to the right music.

Ella Maher sings Blue Hawaiian Moonlight, and her graceful hula has us all
dreaming of sea and sand.

Nobody reads music; they use tablature, a number system, to know where they're
going. There's hope for you and me!

"I am very proud of each and every one of my group," says Keoki. "What a great
way to spend my retirement years."

Ages ago when commercial airline travel was becoming popular, there was a song
whose only words I recall were "Gonna have breakfast in Manhattan; gonna have
lunch in San Francisco. For I've a date, tonight at eight, on Honolulu Bay."
Wow, all those miles, in just one day! If you never made it, Edmonton's Hawaiian
Treasures can take you there in dreams.

They need steel guitar players, so grab yours, or your ukulele, and head down to
Central Lions, 11113 113th St., 9 a.m., Monday and Thursday mornings. Phone
Keoki at 454-3112.

- Something different: "sequence" dancing. (All couples do the same steps at the
same time, instead of each couple doing their own thing.) It starts Sept. 20, at
2 p.m., at Central Lions Seniors. Call Harold or Jean Couch, 465-5171.

- Canada's Association for the 50 Plus (CARP) Edmonton annual general meeting
will be held Tuesday at 1:30 p.m. It will include a presentation on fraud
protection for seniors. Call 489-7775 for more.

- Would "Mrs. Hickey," who spoke to GWG historian Catherine Cole about Emily
Ross, please call again at 424-2229. She's anxious to talk to you, and anyone
with a GWG story.

Edith Kirby's column appears on the first Friday of every month. Contact her by
e-mail at mary@icrossroads.com or write to Edith Kirby, c/o Journal Living
Section, Box 2421, Edmonton, Alta., T5J 2S6

**START-IO-STORY**

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            October 22, 2012 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Third debate will be crucial; Foreign policy showdown may decide election

BYLINE: William Marsden, Postmedia News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 729 words

DATELINE: BOCA RATON, FLA.


Foreign policy was not supposed to be a vital issue in this election, but with
the race to the White House in such a dead heat, no candidate can afford a
misstep that could swing even a thousand voters during Monday's third and final
presidential debate.

The fact that Monday's foreign policy debate is in the critical battle ground
state of Florida creates added significance. U.S. President Barack Obama and
Republican challenger Mitt Romney will have to tread lightly across a
demographic that is both diverse and demanding, and very likely holds the key to
victory.

"This race is so close, there are so few undecided voters, the polls are so even
that from here on I think every handshake matters ... everything matters," said
Prof. Robert Watson, a veteran historian of Florida politics at Lynn University.

While both candidates desperately need this state, Romney in particular needs
Florida's 29 electoral votes if he is going to have any chance of taking the
White House because the other two states with the most electoral votes - New
York and California - are firmly in Obama's camp.

The state's demographics, which include veterans, retirees, a large black and
Latino population as well as a sizable Jewish community, mirror that of the
United States as a whole.

"So we have emerged not only as the most important swing state but also the
major bellwether state where candidates can kind of test their message and see
how they are running with every major demographic that they want to target," he
said. "We always say the road to the White House runs through Florida but it
literally does with the debate at Lynn University."

Watson holds about three town hall meetings a week during the election as he
surveys voter trends in the state. In his most recent meeting, he met with about
12 voters in nearby Delray Beach to discuss foreign policy. Three of the four
Jewish voters said that Israel was their number-one issue. One of the voters
said, "Israel, Israel, Israel are my three top issues and Obama is a Muslim."

"What do you do?" Watson asked, referring to the inaccurate reference to Obama,
who is a Christian. "It is what it is."

He notes that the Jewish community, which voted 78 per cent for Obama in 2008,
is crucial for the Democrats. While they represent only 3.5 per cent of
registered voters, the fact that they come out in big numbers compared with the
black or Latino communities increases their percentage to eight. The Democrats'
main stronghold in Florida is in the heavily-populated southeast from Miami up
along the Atlantic coast on I-95 past the cities of Fort Lauderdale and Boca
Raton to the I-4 east-west corridor that slices the state in half. Democrats
have to score big there to take the state, Watson said.

Major foreign policy and national security issues confronting the candidates
include the Arab Spring, the Syrian civil war, the assassination of an American
ambassador in Libya, Syrian-Turkish border clashes, China trading practices,
Russia and a nuclear Iran. Any one of these could blow up in the final two weeks
and a major gaffe Monday night could sink a candidate.

"It doesn't have to sway many voters," he said. "If it only sways maybe a few
thousand voters in two key counties in a swing state, that could be a factor. So
do I think this debate matters? I think it absolutely is a key moment."

Moderator Bob Schieffer, host of the CBS roundtable Face the Nation, will be
posing questions on six different foreign policy themes. As in the first debate,
the candidates will have two minutes to respond followed by 15 minutes of
discussion. The themes will concentrate on the Middle East, trade, China and the
U.S. role in the world.

Anna Krift, a professor of international relations at Lynn, said she hopes there
will be room for the environment, which, she noted, hasn't surfaced at all in
this election.

Romney started the campaign with a trip to Europe during which he managed to
insult Britain by saying that it wasn't ready for the Olympics. But the
assassination of American Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other
Americans in Benghazi, Libya, gave him the issue he needed to attack Obama on
what he calls Obama's lack of leadership on national security issues.

Still, Obama polls well ahead of Romney on foreign policy issues. But in a race
where a few thousand votes matter, both candidates have to come ready to rumble.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jim Young, Reuters; Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and
President Barack Obama will clash for the third and final time Monday.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Today in OpenGov: Trump's 'pay to sway' history, FOIA folly, voting rights and
more

LENGTH: 603  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: The Sunlight Foundation has issued the following news release:



 OPACITY. Scripps News: "New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has the
power to force the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Health Access Initiative
to publicly disclose the names of foreign governments and the millions they
donate each year to the charities but he's not doing it." Commenting on the
story, Sunlight's John Wonderlich noted that "the law requires foreign donors to
be disclosed and the [New York] attorney general, the [New York] attorney
general's office is permitting them to go undisclosed. Voters deserve to have a
full picture of what Secretary Clinton, and the Clintons together have created,
and all the ways that that might be entangled in a presidency." [READ MORE]





 CORRUPT. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's history of "pay to sway
" state attorneys general gained more attention this past weekend. Drew Doggett:
"As The Washington Post reports, the Trump Foundation violated federal tax rules
by donating to a political group connected to former Florida Attorney General
Pam Bondi; as a result, Trump paid a $2,500 fine to the IRS. At the time of the
contribution, Bondi was considering whether to open a fraud investigation
against Trump University, which she ultimately decided against -- read the
context behind the improper donation below." Trump has dismissed allegations of
impropriety.
 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton took questions from the press
for half an hour on a flight over the long weekend, which closely resembles a
press conference. That's good news. As we told Oliver Darcy, regular press
conferences are an essential part of the accountability we expect of the
President of the United States and the presidential candidates who aspire to the
highest office in the country. Sitting down for hundreds of interviews,
including in-depth interviews with national reporters on the campaign trail, can
and does inform voters about a candidate's views but it is not a replacement.
The actions of presidential candidate during a campaign are a bellwether for
open government and transparency in his or her White House. In a moment when
candidates and governments can and do go direct to the public online, taking
questions remains relevant. [Business Insider]

 Speaking of which, the moderators for the presidential debates are set. We hope
they all act as advocates for the public and challenge the candidates on the
issues and the veracity of their statements. [New York Times]

 Politifact fact-checked the controversy surrounding the Clinton Foundation.
Twice. [Politifact] [Politifact]

 Trump has shunned lobbyists and using his star power and donations to advance
his interests. [Washington Times]

 Tufts University professor Daniel Drezner took a look at why Clinton's
perceived corruption receives more attention than Trump's demonstrated
corruption. [Washington Post]

 Related: James Fallows examined the relationship of the American media to
democratic norms and expectations. [The Atlantic]

 As we noted on Friday, the Federal Bureau of Investigation released a two-part
summary [PDF | PDF] of its interview with former Secretary of State Hillary
Clinton about her use of a private email server during her public server. We're
assuming that a lot of you read them over the holiday weekend or coverage of
them. Please write to us (ahoward@sunlightfoundation.com ) and tell us who
covered them the best and what you learned. We'll follow up tomorrow.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 14, 2014 Monday
                        The International New York Times

Right Holds Sway Among Republicans

BYLINE: By ALBERT R. HUNT | BLOOMBERG VIEW

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Foreign Desk; LETTER FROM WASHINGTON; Pg.

LENGTH: 669 words


WASHINGTON -- The Republican establishment beat back most challenges from its
movement right in this year's primaries, including a play to fill the House
majority leader slot.

Some business interests and entrenched congressional politicians argue the
party's right wing is in retreat. Not so.

Many of the more establishment Republicans who prevailed in primaries had moved
decidedly to the right. The Republican agenda on Capitol Hill largely is framed
by the most conservative of the conservatives.

''The movement right is as strong as ever,'' says Michael Needham, chief
executive officer of Heritage Action, a leading conservative advocacy group.
''We're out front on ideas and technology.''

The movement right isn't easily defined. It includes anti-immigrant activists,
social-issue fundamentalists and the economic right, where conservative
intellectuals are trying to fashion new ideas. It is less enamored with big
business than more traditional Republicans.

Jeb Bush, John Boehner, the Chamber of Commerce and Karl Rove, a former top
adviser to George W. Bush, are in the establishment camp. Senators Ted Cruz,
Rand Paul and Marco Rubio, along with the Tea Party, belong to the diffuse
movement right.

The right wing suffered a series of visible primary election defeats. Most
prominently, the Senate minority leader, Mitch McConnell, easily beat back a
challenger in Kentucky, and Senator Thad Cochran of Mississippi survived a
brutal battle. (The surprising defeat of the House majority leader, Eric Cantor,
was attributable to his falling out of touch with his Virginia constituents.)

But many of the victors have been veering sharply to the right. Mr. McConnell's
campaign manager is the top political operative for Senator Rand Paul. The
Republican Senate candidate for Iowa, Joni Ernst, embraced the possibility of
impeaching President Obama; Thom Tillis, a Senate nominee from North Carolina,
trumpeted his opposition to same-sex marriage; and Senator Pat Roberts of
Kansas, facing a primary challenge next month, has voted against raising the
debt ceiling and against the farm bill.

While the leadership in Congress is establishment, there's a starboard tilt in
party caucuses. In the House, the Republican right killed immigration reform, a
top priority of the business community. Now it wants to kill the Export-Import
Bank, which assists United States companies exporting overseas.

This issue crystallizes the divide. Much of the right considers the bank's aid a
form of crony capitalism. Mr. Needham of Heritage Action calls it ''Boeing's
bank,'' a reference to the subsidies it provides to the American aircraft
manufacturer.

Senator Rob Portman of Ohio, a top trade and budget official in the George W.
Bush administration and a respected member of the Republican establishment,
calls the Export-Import Bank an invaluable tool for American companies ''to be
able to succeed in the international marketplace.''

The bank, which in fact turns a small profit for taxpayers, may survive, but the
fight has laid open a party schism. A leading indicator: The new House majority
leader, Kevin McCarthy of California, hoping to avoid a challenge within his
conference in the next Congress, switched positions and now opposes
reauthorization of the bank.

Looking ahead to the 2016 presidential contest, all the vitality is on the right
-- with Mr. Cruz, Mr. Paul and perhaps Mike Huckabee, the former Arkansas
governor, in the mix. There is no Republican establishment favorite.

Activists say this will energize Republicans to offer voters a vibrant choice
rather than an uninspiring echo.

Conservatives in and out of Congress are coming up with a lot of ideas to help
craft a more positive agenda. The aim is to appeal to more independent-minded
and younger voters; the danger is the ferment gets lost in internal struggles
over national security, the priorities of hot-button social issues and, as
always, immigration. The Mississippi Senate fight this summer, with its ugly
racial overtones, isn't a good harbinger.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/14/us/politics/right-holds-sway
-among-republicans.html

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              861 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            June 11, 2014 Wednesday

Briefing on release of Bergdahl fails to sway senators

BYLINE: JONATHAN WEISMAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 808 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

ABSTRACT

A briefing by Obama adminstration officials failed to sway United States
senators of the wisdom of trading Taliban prisoners for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl.

FULL TEXT

Senators emerged from a classified, closed-door briefing on the Taliban's
release of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl on Tuesday seemingly less convinced than ever
about the wisdom of swapping five high-level Taliban prisoners for the Army
soldier who spent years in captivity.

At the session, senior Defense Department and military officials briefed Senate
Armed Services Committee members, again presenting a united front in their
support of the exchange, said Senator Carl Levin of Michigan, the committee's
chairman.

But they appeared to make little headway in defusing the festering political
controversy that has again pitted the administration against Republicans - and
some Democrats - who question President Obama's judgment on national security.

The terms of the exchange signaled ''a lack of understanding of the reality of
the conflict we're engaged in,'' said Senator Jeff Sessions, Republican of
Alabama, as he emerged from the secure hearing room. ''It's got to be
demoralizing for our allies. It's got to be demoralizing for our soldiers. It's
got to embolden the people we're fighting against.

''We're in a war,'' he continued. ''I think this White House does not understand
that.''

Democrats either shied away from a full-throated defense or took their own shots
at the terms of the trade.

''Was it a good deal or a bad deal? In my mind it's still a bad deal,'' said
Senator Joe Manchin, Democrat of West Virginia. ''I still can't explain it back
home to my fellow West Virginians why these five who they've tried repeatedly to
get some exchange for over the last 10 years, why these five all of the sudden
all were released.''

Lawmakers in both chambers moved toward some kind of legislative confrontation.
The House Appropriations Committee voted 33 to 13 on Tuesday to bar the use of
federal money to transfer detainees from the military prison at Guantánamo Bay,
Cuba. Six Democrats voted yes. Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, has
drafted similar legislation.

The briefers to the Senate Armed Services Committee included Robert O. Work, the
deputy defense secretary; Adm. James A. Winnefeld Jr., the vice chairman of the
Joint Chiefs of Staff; as well as the joint chiefs' Pakistan and Afghanistan
coordinator, the Pentagon's general counsel, and the assistant defense secretary
for special operations.

But they did not prove persuasive. Senator John McCain, the Arizona Republican
who was a prisoner of war, said the administration's rationale kept shifting, at
one point using a video from early this year to show that Sergeant Bergdahl was
in ill health and then asserting that the Taliban was threatening his life.

''They're not going to kill an American prisoner,'' Mr. McCain said. ''That's
why they keep him alive. It is of utmost value to them to keep an American
prisoner alive. Look what they got for it.''

Militants in Pakistan and Iraq have killed American captives, including the Wall
Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl and the American contractor Nick Berg.

Mr. Manchin, the West Virginia Democrat, did say that the briefers described the
conditions Sergeant Bergdahl was kept in as ''pretty horrific.''

''I think there's been too much prejudgment,'' Mr. Levin said of the attacks
meted out against Sergeant Bergdahl. ''Before people reach any conclusion about
whether he did anything improper, he's an American soldier, and he ought to be
given due process. That means we should hear from him before people jump to a
conclusion.''

Senator Saxby Chambliss of Georgia, the ranking Republican on the Senate
Intelligence Committee and a member of the Armed Services Committee, also
cautioned, ''There's still an awful lot to be discovered from Bergdahl himself
as well as from other folks involved and that's still ongoing.''

But Sergeant Bergdahl's words may lack currency in the heated political
environment he will find in the United States.

Several lawmakers said that little was said in the briefing that has not been
discussed openly in the media - about Sergeant Bergdahl's physical and mental
state or the conditions of his captivity.

But Mr. Manchin appeared to be dismissive about those reports. ''All they have
is what he's been able to communicate. They don't have anything else except his
communication. That's it,'' he said.

Nor were the Defense Department officials able to alleviate concerns about the
threat posed by the five prisoners released to the government of Qatar in the
Gulf.

Mr. Sessions said the five had been ''taken basically to a resort town'' where
they and their families were being supported financially for a year, after which
they would be free to rejoin the fight.

''It's already clear they're under the most minimal of control,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 7, 2013 Thursday
                                 Drive Edition

COMPANY OFFERS TO SELL STAKE

BYLINE: STAFF REPORTS

SECTION: BUSINESS; OKLAHOMA BRIEFS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 843 words


A Chesapeake Energy Corp. subsidiary is planning to sell most of its stake in a
California company that builds natural gas fueling stations. Chesapeake NG
Ventures Corp. is offering to sell 6.3 million shares of stock in Clean Energy
Fuels, according to a regulatory filing. It will retain 1 million shares.
Chesapeake invested $150 million in Clean Energy, a company co-founded by
Oklahoma oilman T. Boone Pickens, in July 2011 when it announced plans to create
a $1 billion venture capital fund to boost the use of natural gas as a
transportation fuel. Clean Energy's stock rose 40 cents Wednesday to $13.04 a
share, but it dropped 49 cents in aftermarket trading after disclosing the
planned Chesapeake sale.

Devon to boost dividends

Devon Energy Corp. is boosting its quarterly cash dividend 10 percent to 22
cents a share, the company announced Wednesday. "This is Devon's eighth dividend
increase since 2004, representing an annual compound growth rate of 24 percent,"
said Jeff Agosta, chief financial officer. "Our dividend increase highlights
Devon's long-term commitment to returning cash to our shareholders and
ultimately reflects the confidence we have in our underlying business." The
dividend will be paid June 28.

State's 'Lifeline' bill advances

The Oklahoma House of Representatives passed a bill Wednesday that gives
Oklahoma Corporation Commission officials more powers to verify eligibility for
a program that subsidizes telephone service for low-income residents. House Bill
2165, by Rep. Jon Echols, R-Oklahoma City, passed by a vote of 92-0. The
legislation requires phone companies receiving reimbursements for the Lifeline
program to provide additional documentation and verification. Last week, two
Oklahoma companies, TerraCom LLC and YouTel America Inc., agreed to pay a total
of more than $1 million to resolve an investigation by the Federal
Communications Commission into duplicate payments under the federal Lifeline
program.

Companies partner on pipeline

The Williams Cos. Inc. and Houston-based Boardwalk Pipeline Partners LP are
teaming up to develop a natural gas liquids pipeline serving the emerging
Marcellus and Utica shale plays, the companies announced Wednesday. The proposed
"Bluegrass Pipeline" would provide producers with 200,000 barrels a day of
takeaway capacity in Ohio, West Virginia and Pennsylvania. It could be increased
to 400,000 to meet market demand. The project would include a new liquids
pipeline from producing areas in West Virginia and Ohio that connects to
Boardwalk's existing Texas Gas Transmission LLC system in Kentucky. A portion of
that system would be converted from gas to liquids service, with new pump
stations and related facilities, plus a new large-scale fractionation plant and
expanding storage facilities in Louisiana. "We are designing Bluegrass Pipeline
to provide these two world-class resource plays with access to one of the
largest and most dynamic petrochemical markets in the world," Williams CEO Alan
Armstrong said. "The current infrastructure challenge with natural gas liquids
in the Northeast is slowing drilling and isolating liquids supplies from the
robust markets in the Gulf that are poised to grow substantially over the next
five years."

i2E invests in Tulsa startup

The technology nonprofit i2E Inc. has invested $300,000 in the Tulsa-based
startup Sway Medical Technologies. The investment will come from the OKAngel
Sidecar Fund. Managed by i2E, the fund is one of three Accelerate Oklahoma!
investment vehicles created in 2011 by i2E through a partnership with the
Oklahoma Department of Commerce and the U.S. Treasury State Small Business
Credit Initiative. The OK Angel Sidecar Fund is designed to invest in companies
alongside Oklahoma angel investors. The i2E managed fund participated in an
investment round for Sway Medical of $700,000 that included funds from Oklahoma
angel investors.

Smartphone workshops planned

U.S. Cellular will offer several free workshops for smartphone and tablet users
over the next two weeks in Oklahoma City. At the workshops, U.S. Cellular
associates will show attendees how to get the most out of the features on their
Android-powered, Windows Phone and BlackBerry devices. The workshops are open to
members of the public who call to RSVP. Workshops will be: 5 to 7 p.m. Thursday
at 7000 Northwest Expressway, Suite A, 728-2377; 9 to 10 a.m. Saturday at 2301 S
I-35 Service Road in Moore, 912-4665 and 9 to 11 a.m. March 16 at 6406 N May
Ave., 843-7073.

EARNINGS

POSTROCK ENERGY CORP.

PostRock Energy Corp. on Wednesday reported a net loss of $14.4 million, or 89
cents a share, for the fourth quarter. The company earned $6.9 million, or 72
cents a share, in the same period of 2011, but it was able to slash its debt by
70 percent in 2012. PostRock also increased its oil production by 23 percent for
the year. "2012 was an eventful and transitional year for PostRock," CEO Terry
W. Carter said. "As gas prices declined in early 2012, we quickly refocused our
efforts on developing oil projects on our existing leasehold."


LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            July 19, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Coast Edition

Swing and Sway studio to offer July Dance Party

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Highlights; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 130 words

DATELINE: ROCKLAND


A July Dance Party will be held from 6:30 to 9 p.m. Friday at Swing and Sway on
Maverick Street.

U.S. National Ballroom Champs Christian and Kathryn Clayton will host the party
at their new studio. A Hustle group dance class will be held at 6:30 p.m. Social
dancing will be held from 7 to 9 p.m. The Claytons, named the 2004 U.S. National
Rising Star Ballroom Champions, recently moved to the midcoast from the Los
Angeles area. They are active competitive dancers and have been featured in the
L.A. Times. The couple travel around the country monthly to dance
professionally.

Soft drinks and munchies will be served during the party. The $10 admission fee
includes the dance class and refreshments. The studio is located at 143 Maverick
Street. For more information, call 594-0940.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 29, 2001 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: EAST VILLAGE;
Ram's Horn Sounds at Club And Old Walls Still Stand

BYLINE:  By MISHA KRATOCHVIL

SECTION: Section 14; Column 5; The City Weekly Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 348 words


On the stage of the Knitting Factory in Lower Manhattan, Jeremiah Lockwood, the
lead musician for Sway Machinery, breaks into a long solo wail created by
blowing a shofar, quite literally a ram's horn. Usually heard only inside
synagogues on High Holy Days, the shofar last left an enduring mark on a broader
audience back when Joshua blew down the walls of Jericho.

"The shofar has a wild, crazy sound," Mr. Lockwood said. "It reminds me of the
sound of Coltrane's saxophone."

Mr. Lockwood, a 22-year-old musician and songwriter who lives in Astoria,
Queens, incorporates the shofar into music blending Delta blues, urban rock and
sweet Hasidic tones.

While there is no religious edict against using the shofar in secular works,
rabbis differed over Mr. Lockwood's use of it.

"The shofar is associated with holy moments," said Rabbi Gerald Wieder of Beth
Elohim, a reform congregation in Park Slope, Brooklyn, who has not heard Mr.
Lockwood. "So in a club it's completely out of context."

Rabbi Gordon Tucker, who teaches at the Jewish Theological Seminary, disagreed.
"When it is not Rosh Hashana, and it is not a synagogue, a shofar is just a horn
of a ram," Rabbi Tucker said.

There is some history of secular uses for the shofar. The Dead Sea Scrolls say
it was blown to instill fear in the hearts of enemies, to signal a disaster and
to bring rain. Yet, to many, its sound is sacred.

Mr. Lockwood, who is Jewish but not observant, was introduced to the instrument
a year ago. The last baal tekiah, or shofar blower, at a congregation in the
Inwood section of Manhattan, had died, and a cousin of Mr. Lockwood, who sang
prayers with the congregation, gave him an old family shofar. Mr. Lockwood
studied, and last fall, on the High Holy Days, played for the first time.

"I am not blowing the shofar just because it's funny or cool." he said. "I am
doing it because it means something deep."

Amir Ziv, a drummer who teaches jazz at the New School University, said Mr.
Lockwood was not trying to make a statement. "The shofar is a part of his
heritage," Mr Ziv said.   MISHA KRATOCHVIL

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "The shofar has a wild, crazy sound," said Jeremiah Lockwood,
who plays the ram's horn as if it were a sax. (Aaron Lee Fineman for The New
York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              865 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        July 10, 2001 Tuesday 2D EDITION

Comcast confident about AT&T bid Analysts: Successes may sway cable-unit
shareholders

BYLINE: By Kris Hudson, Denver Post Business Writer,

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 933 words


Less than a month before Comcast Corp. made a $ 58 billion  hostile bid for AT&T
Corp.'s cable division, the silence of  Comcast's president, Brian Roberts,
spoke volumes about his  intentions.

At the cable industry's national convention in Chicago last  month, Roberts
stood quietly by as AT&T chief executive C. Michael  Armstrong told reporters
that Ma Bell's cable division, AT&T  Broadband, was not for sale. Even when the
subject of Comcast's  rumored interest in AT&T Broadband came up, Roberts
remained  respectfully tight-lipped.

The truth was, Comcast had courted Arapahoe County-based AT&T  Broadband for
months and had only recently been turned away by  AT&T management.

Weeks later, the 42-year-old Roberts crowed to Wall Street  analysts and
reporters Monday that he and his team could run AT&T  Broadband, the country's
largest cable operator, better than AT&T.  Judging from the history of
Philadelphia-based Comcast, the  country's No. 3 cable operator, few would argue
with him.

That's what Roberts is counting on as Comcast attempts to  persuade AT&T
shareholders to pressure AT&T's board into  considering Comcast's $ 58 billion
offer to combine Comcast and  AT&T Broadband into a 22 million-subscriber cable
giant. The  second-generation cable executive has bet that his company's 42
percent operating margins and 24 percent compounded annual return  on its stock
will sway AT&T shareholders into his camp.

'If you invested at the (Comcast) IPO (in 1972) and bought  1,000 shares for $
7,000, you'd have $ 3.9 million today,' Roberts  said Monday.

From its origins in Tupelo, Miss., Comcast has grown into one  of the cable
industry's most aggressive acquirers and one of its  best-run companies.
Roberts' father, Ralph J. Roberts, 80, started  the company as American Cable
Systems by purchasing a cable system  in that town in 1963.

Comcast made its stock market debut in 1972 but didn't  start its buying binge
until the 1990s. Brian Roberts joined the  company after completing college and
became the company's  president in 1990.

In the past two years, Comcast has doubled its size to 8.4  million subscribers
through deals to buy or swap cable systems  with Adelphia, E.W. Scripps Co.,
Lenfest Communications and AT&T,  among others. Comcast went on to boost the
operating results of  each property. In 1998, Comcast added 1.4 million
subscribers to  its ranks through a $ 200 million deal to buy a controlling
interest in Denver-based Jones Intercable.

In the past three years, Comcast has spent more than $ 16  billion on
cable-system acquisitions, boosting the company's  revenue by 67 percent to $
8.22 billion. The company has  concentrated most of its subscriber base in the
heavily populated  region including Washington, Philadelphia and New Jersey.
Comcast  made a practice of meticulously examining the profit and loss
statements of each cable system it acquired, seeking ways to tweak  the
operations up to Comcast standards.

'We've found in almost all of the acquisitions we've done is  there is the
ability to improve almost every line of the  (financial statement),' Comcast
Cable president Steve Burke said.

Comcast also has ventured extensively into cable  programming, assuming
controlling stakes in QVC, Comcast  SportsNet, The Golf Channel and E! Networks.
The company operated  a cellular communications arm for 11 years, selling it to
SBC  Corp. in 1999 for $ 1.7 billion.

'They've done a very good job of running the company,' said  Mark Greenberg,
manager of Denver-based Invesco Funds' Leisure  Fund, which holds more than
500,000 Comcast shares.

'When (Roberts) got the job as president, it was like, 'OK,  this is great.
Daddy's little boy.' In fact, Brian has done a good  job running Comcast. They
make good, strategic decisions and they  make a lot of money for investors. He's
also hired a lot of good  people to work with him,' Greenberg said.

Comcast has a history in Colorado beyond the Jones Intercable  deal. After TCI
founder Bob Magness' death in 1996, Comcast made a  secret bid to buy some of
the Magness estate's TCI shares before  then-CEO John Malone wrested voting
control of the shares. In  1999, Comcast made a $ 60 billion bid for US West
cable spinoff  MediaOne Group of Denver that AT&T later trumped.

Some observers found no surprise in Comcast's interest in  AT&T Broadband, the
largest cable company in the country with 13.5  million subscribers.

'Comcast for a number of years has made evident its desire to  be one of the
largest companies in the cable industry,' former TCI  chief executive Leo
Hindery said. 'It is not surprising to me that  they have evidenced their
interest today in acquiring AT&T  Broadband.'

Through the years, the Roberts family has maintained a large  ownership stake in
Comcast. If the AT&T Broadband bid succeeds,  the family still will control most
of the 49 percent of the  combined company owned by Comcast shareholders.

Davenport & Co. analyst F. Drake Johnstone identified Comcast  and Atlanta-based
Cox Communications as the best-run cable  companies in the industry.

'Comcast management is fairly deep in terms of their talent,  not only with
Roberts himself but the (chief financial officer)  and other management,'
Johnstone said. 'Both companies have been  around for a long time and have
tremendous experience running  cable systems.'

Bloomberg News contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO:Brian Roberts The Denver Post/Thomas McKay COMCAST AT&T

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             August 19, 2011 Friday

Representation, for a price

SECTION: A; ARCHIVES; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 593 words


Lobbying -- for businesses, citizens and governments -- is a growth industry

The quality of representative government is in inverse proportion to the sum
spent on lobbyists.

That's a political theory we conjured up in reaction to the Herald-Tribune
article headlined "In Tallahassee, lobbyists earning more this year."

Lobbyists have been earning more every year -- except for 2010 -- since 2007,
according to the article by Gary Fineout. Indeed, lobbying has been one of the
few growth industries in Florida during and after the recession.

In the first six months of this year, lobbyists seeking to influence the state
Legislature were paid almost $65 million, according to financial disclosure
reports cited by Fineout. That amount represents a $2 million gain compared with
lobbyists' income in the first half of last year.

It's not clear whether those amounts are accurate, because registered lobbyists
don't have to report exact payments; they can use a range of figures. Plus, even
though a state law calls for lobbyists' disclosure reports to be audited, that
requirement has not been implemented, Fineout noted.

That failure is a disgrace. After all, the lobbyists in question are paid to
influence decision-making that affects the public and special interests.

Beyond persuasion

Of course, many lobbyists do more than attempt to sway legislators and the
executive branch of state government. Increasingly, clients rely upon their
lobbyists to track proposed legislation, which can change rapidly and
dramatically during the legislative session. And, since they are being paid,
lobbyists have the time to spend months in Tallahassee pursuing face-to-face
meetings with legislators and other key players -- a luxury most Floridians
lack. (Truth be told, many legislators rely on lobbyists to keep them informed
of the issues -- or, sadly, to draft legislation.)

Lobbyists who represent large corporations and powerful interest groups get most
of the attention -- and the most lucrative accounts. But there is, in fact,
diversity in the lobbyist corps and among their clients.

Big Business has lobbyists, but so do consumer-protection groups and employee
unions. Polluting industries have lobbyists; so do environmental organizations.
Retailers, farmers, restaurant owners, beer-and-wine distributors, lawyers,
bankers, cops -- they all have lobbyists. And, yes, so do media groups and their
allies who seek to keep records and meetings open to the public.

Governments as clients

It used to make the news when local governments used taxpayer dollars to hire
lobbyists to influence state legislators, who are paid with tax dollars and are
supposed to represent the people who elect them. But now, it's common for local
governments and locally elected officials to employ an assortment of lobbyists
-- both directly and through their respective government associations.
Unfortunately, the pattern is the same at the federal level, with state
governments joining the act.

When governments and their leaders feel compelled to hire lobbyists to sway
political outcomes or gain access to politicians at other levels of government,
it sends a strong message to individuals, grass-roots organizations and others:
If you want to play politics, you have to pay.

Brian Ballard, a high-profile lobbyist in Tallahassee, told Fineout why he
thinks spending on lobbyists increased: "Folks are beginning to understand that,
even during bad times, we need to have good representation."

Good representation: Isn't that what legislators and other elected leaders are
supposed to provide?

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: State Farm Insurance lobbyist Mark Delegal, right, talks to state
Senate Banking and Insurance Committee Chairman Garrett S. Richter, R-Naples,
during the 2011 legislative session in Tallahassee. PHOTO / COLIN HACKLEY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                             April 27, 2008 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

Florida's frozen votes call to Clinton;
Results could give her the popular vote and sway with superdelegates

BYLINE: By JEREMY WALLACE H-T POLITICAL WRITER

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 676 words


After nearly five months of primaries and caucuses, Sen. Hillary Clinton's best
shot at winning the Democratic nomination may still rely on results from the
state that she once said should not count: Florida.

On the heels of her nearly 10-point victory in the Pennsylvania primary, Clinton
claims she is leading the presidential race because she has won more popular
votes than Sen. Barack Obama.

By adding disputed Florida and Michigan vote totals to her 210,000-vote win in
Pennsylvania, Clinton has a 122,000-vote edge over Obama, according to
RealClearPolitics.com.

Without Florida and Michigan, Obama leads by about 500,000 votes.

It is unlikely that Clinton will convince superdelegates that Michigan's votes
should count, because Obama's name was not on the ballot there.

But it was in Florida, where Clinton won by 300,000 votes.

Obama's lead in pledged delegates -- while not enough to gain the nomination --
is nearly mathematically insurmountable.

But the popular vote -- particularly if Florida is counted -- is within striking
distance, analysts say.

Clinton's best hope is to win the popular vote and hope that doing so sways
superdelegates. Some are buying that argument. U.S. Rep. Tim Mahoney, an
uncommitted superdelegate, said Clinton can make a case for the nomination if
she wins the popular vote, even if Obama finishes with more delegates.

Mahoney did not say a popular vote win would secure his support, but it would
have an effect. He said Clinton has to carry her momentum to North Carolina on
May 6, where Obama is favored, and keep the margin within 100,000 votes.

But Obama backers say Clinton's calculations have a fatal flaw: The Democratic
National Committee has refused to accept the results of either Florida or
Michigan because both violated party rules by holding their primaries before
party rules dictated.

"It is nothing but self-serving spin," said Tommy Vietor, a spokesman for
Obama's campaign.

Yet in the fight for superdelegates, spin could matter. Superdelegates are free
to make their own choice based on their own reasoning.

Uncommitted superdelegate Steven Geller, a state senator from Broward County,
said winning the popular vote is no guarantee of his support. The most important
part of his decision will be who has the best chance of beating Sen. John McCain
in November, Geller said.

Clinton's claim to the popular vote serves another purpose: re-invigorating her
supporters and donors. Clinton's campaign estimates it raised about $10 million
since the Pennsylvania primary.

Mary I. Johnson, an Orlando Democrat, was among those to send in a check after
the Pennsylvania win.

"It gave us a boost and something we needed," said Johnson, a 75-year-old
retiree, who mailed Clinton a $100 check.

The renewed hope is affecting bigger donors, too.

"There was a resignation before Pennsylvania that she was in big trouble," said
Michael Shelton, a Sarasota fundraiser who help Clinton raise more than $40,000
for her campaign at an event this year. "Now it looks like she might be able to
pull this off."

He said if it looks like the popular vote is in Clinton's favor, or at least
close, it will give superdelegates more cover to pick Clinton over Obama for the
party's nomination.

But political experts such as Larry Sabato say Clinton has no margin for error:
She must win the popular vote to have a chance for the nomination. Even if that
happens, Clinton must convince superdelegates to deny the party nomination to a
man who has won more delegates, said Sabato, director of the Center for Politics
at the University of Virginia.

Sabato said that is a tall order, given the risk of alienating black voters, one
of the Democratic Party's most reliable voting constituencies over the past 20
years.

Jeremy Wallace can be reached at 361-4966 or jeremy.wallace@ heraldtribune.com.

WHAT COUNTS

Democratic popular vote totals

Without Florida and Michigan

Obama Clinton

14,417,619 13,917,393

Margin: Obama by 500,226

With Florida and Michigan

Obama Clinton

14,993,833 15,116,688

Margin: Clinton by 122,855

Pledged delegates

Obama Clinton

1,488 1,334

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 2
 Barack Obama's camp points out that the Democratic National Committee will  not
accept Florida and Michigan votes. "It is nothing but self-serving  spin," a
spokesman says. Hillary Clinton's camp hopes the spin will  influence
superdelegates.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 10, 2002 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

A NATION CHALLENGED: REGIONAL POLITICS;
IRAN EXERTS SWAY IN AFGHAN REGION, WORRYING THE U.S.

BYLINE:  By ERIC SCHMITT

SECTION: Section A; Column 6; Foreign Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1052 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 9


Iran is seeking to exert political and military influence in border regions in
western Afghanistan in ways that challenge the authority of the interim
government in Kabul and threaten Washington's long-term goals in the country,
Pentagon and intelligence officials said today.

The officials say Iran has grown increasingly concerned about the pro-Western
tilt of Afghanistan's government and is moving to flex its muscle in a part of
Afghanistan where it has long held sway.

"Iran is trying to make sure that Afghanistan remains an Islamic state and does
not become more secular, like Turkey," one defense official said.

American intelligence shows that Iran, which opposed the Taliban and viewed Al
Qaeda with caution, is giving safe haven to small numbers of Al Qaeda fighters
fleeing Afghanistan, with the view that Al Qaeda will fight to weaken Western
influence, Pentagon officials said.

United States Special Forces around Herat, in northwestern Afghanistan, report
that Iranian agents are infiltrating the area, threatening some tribal leaders
and bribing other local leaders to undermine American-backed programs in one of
the most lawless provinces of Afghanistan.

"Iran is trying to stir up mischief," a senior military official said today. "So
far we haven't taken any action, but we're keeping a very close eye on it."

Afghanistan's interim cabinet, led by Hamid Karzai, includes a son of a powerful
warlord, Ismail Khan, who was Iran's closest ally in the Northern Alliance,
which helped topple the Taliban. Defense officials described the selection,
arranged in power-sharing talks in Bonn, as partly an effort to secure the
support of Mr. Khan, whose forces control Herat.

The move to put Mr. Khan's son, Mir Wais Sadeq, in the government is seen as an
attempt to hold together the fractious factions.

Growing signs of cooperation between Washington and Tehran had emerged in recent
months. Secretary of State Colin L. Powell says Iran has been generally helpful
in the war in Afghanistan. Iran agreed in October to rescue any American troops
in distress in its territory. Many refugees fled to Iran from Afghanistan, and
Iran provided a port for shipping American wheat into the war zone.

"By and large, the Iranian role diplomatically has been quite constructive,"
Richard N. Haass, the State Department's director of policy planning, told the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee last month. Iran sent observers to the talks
in Bonn on forming the coalition government, and its diplomats played a key role
behind the scenes, he said. But he cautioned, "I'm not saying we see everything
eye to eye here."

Iran is also seeking a leading role in the rebuilding of Afghanistan. A United
Nations-sponsored conference this week in Tehran brought together Afghan
business leaders, entrepreneurs and academics to discuss recovery efforts in
health, education and community development.

Tens of thousands of refugees have returned to the Herat area, with hundreds of
families arriving every day, according to the United Nations, and more than
100,000 remain in a huge camp near the Iranian border. Aid agencies are mounting
a major food-distribution effort in Herat, a city of nearly 400,000 where hunger
and poverty are rampant.

Some experts, while condemning any Iranian actions that could undermine the
interim government in Kabul, offered another explanation for Iran's behavior.

"I'm sure Iran would be concerned about a United States military presence on its
border," said Prof. Barnett R. Rubin, an Afghanistan specialist at New York
University. "I wouldn't necessarily say theirs is an aggressive terrorist
position. It's quite a reasonable security concern."

As one State Department official put it: "From the Iranian point of view,
they're probably feeling pretty threatened in Afghanistan right now. There are
some things we're working in parallel with the Iranians, and some things they're
going at in a different direction. We don't have identical goals in
Afghanistan."

Iran poses difficult challenges for the Kabul government, and for President Bush
and his senior national security advisers as they look beyond Afghanistan in the
campaign against terrorists: Iran is listed by the State Department as the
world's most active state supporter of terrorism, largely because it supports
the Palestinian groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad.

In Lebanon, Iran has also retained its close ties to Hezbollah, the Shiite group
that has waged terrorism against the United States and Israel since the 1980's.
American officials say that for years, there have been regular flights from
Tehran to Damascus, Syria, carrying arms for Hezbollah's use in Lebanon. More
recently, the officials suspect, Tehran has expanded its support for Palestinian
terrorists.

Iran, a Shiite-controlled state, opposed the Sunni Muslim Taliban from the time
the movement gained control in Kabul in 1996. About 20 percent of Afghans are
Shiites.

Iran and Russia were the primary backers of the anti-Taliban Northern Alliance
before Sept. 11. The Iranians were most immediately concerned over Taliban
control in the west, near the Iranian border, and focused their resources on
rebel groups there. Iranian intelligence officers were working in Afghanistan
against the Taliban as early as 1996, according to United States intelligence
reports.

How much influence Iran eventually wields may hinge on Ismail Khan, who
initially criticized the Bonn agreement on power-sharing but later agreed to
take part.

A former governor of Herat, Mr. Khan, an ethnic Tajik, ruled peacefully after
the Soviet pullout in 1989, while the rest of Afghanistan was gripped by
factional fighting.

He decided not to confront the Taliban as they swept toward Herat in the
mid-1990's. Instead, he fled to Iran with a convoy of 50 trucks. He later
returned to Herat and was jailed. But his mystique grew when he escaped prison
in March 2000 and again took refuge in Iran.

After the Taliban's demise, Mr. Khan quickly restored his rule, and since then
has singled out Iran for praise. "Iran is the best model of an Islamic country
in the world and we approve of the policy of Iran," he said in November.

Asked today how supportive Mr. Khan may be of the interim government, an
American official said: "That remains to be seen. Loyalties in Afghanistan are
often fungible."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              869 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 10, 2012 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Christian Right Failed to Sway Voters on Issues

BYLINE: By LAURIE GOODSTEIN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1341 words


Christian conservatives, for more than two decades a pivotal force in American
politics, are grappling with Election Day results that repudiated their
influence and suggested that the cultural tide -- especially on gay issues --
has shifted against them.

They are reeling not only from the loss of the presidency, but from what many of
them see as a rejection of their agenda. They lost fights against same-sex
marriage in all four states where it was on the ballot, and saw
anti-abortion-rights Senate candidates defeated and two states vote to legalize
marijuana for recreational use.

It is not as though they did not put up a fight; they went all out as never
before: The Rev. Billy Graham dropped any pretense of nonpartisanship and all
but endorsed Mitt Romney for president. Roman Catholic bishops denounced
President Obama's policies as a threat to life, religious liberty and the
traditional nuclear family. Ralph Reed's Faith and Freedom Coalition distributed
more voter guides in churches and contacted more homes by mail and phone than
ever before.

''Millions of American evangelicals are absolutely shocked by not just the
presidential election, but by the entire avalanche of results that came in,'' R.
Albert Mohler Jr., president of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, in
Louisville, Ky., said in an interview. ''It's not that our message -- we think
abortion is wrong, we think same-sex marriage is wrong -- didn't get out. It did
get out.

''It's that the entire moral landscape has changed,'' he said. ''An increasingly
secularized America understands our positions, and has rejected them.''

Conservative Christian leaders said that they would intensify their efforts to
make their case, but were just beginning to discuss how to proceed. ''We're not
going away, we just need to recalibrate,'' said Bob Vander Plaats, president and
chief executive of The Family Leader, an evangelical organization in Iowa.

The election results are just one indication of larger trends in American
religion that Christian conservatives are still digesting, political analysts
say. Americans who have no religious affiliation -- pollsters call them the
''nones'' -- are now about one-fifth of the population over all, according to a
study released last month by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life.

The younger generation is even less religious: about one-third of Americans ages
18 to 22 say they are either atheists, agnostics or nothing in particular.
Americans who are secular are far more likely to vote for liberal candidates and
for same-sex marriage. Seventy percent of those who said they had no religion
voted for Mr. Obama, according to exit polls conducted by Edison Research.

''This election signaled the last where a white Christian strategy is
workable,'' said Robert P. Jones, chief executive of the Public Religion
Research Institute, a nonprofit, nonpartisan research and education organization
based in Washington.

''Barack Obama's coalition was less than 4 in 10 white Christian,'' Dr. Jones
said. ''He made up for that with not only overwhelming support from the
African-American and Latino community, but also with the support of the
religiously unaffiliated.''

In interviews, conservative Christian leaders pointed to other factors that may
have blunted their impact in this election: they were outspent by gay rights
advocates in the states where marriage was on the ballot; comments on rape by
the Senate candidates Todd Akin in Missouri and Richard E. Mourdock in Indiana
were ridiculed nationwide and alienated women; and they never trusted Mr. Romney
as a reliably conservative voice on social issues.

However, they acknowledge that they are losing ground. The evangelical share of
the population is both declining and graying, studies show. Large churches like
the Southern Baptist Convention, which has provided an organizing base for the
Christian right, are losing members.

''In the long run, this means that the Republican constituency is going to be
shrinking on the religious end as well as the ethnic end,'' said James L. Guth,
a professor of political science at Furman University in Greenville, S.C.

Meanwhile, religious liberals are gradually becoming more visible. Liberal
clergy members spoke out in support of same-sex marriage, and one group ran ads
praising Mr. Obama's health care plan for insuring the poor and the sick. In a
development that highlighted the diversity within the Catholic Church, the
''Nuns on the Bus'' drove through the Midwest warning that the budget proposed
by Representative Paul D. Ryan, the Republican vice-presidential nominee, would
cut the social safety net.

For the Christian right in this election, fervor and turnout were not the
problem, many organizers said in interviews. White evangelicals made up 26
percent of the electorate -- 3 percent more than in 2004, when they helped to
propel President George W. Bush to re-election. During the Republican primaries,
some commentators said that Mr. Romney's Mormon faith would drive away
evangelicals, many of whom consider his church a heretical cult.

And yet, in the end, evangelicals voted overwhelmingly for Mr. Romney -- even
matching the presidential vote of Mormons: 78 percent for Mr. Romney and 21
percent for Mr. Obama, according to exit polls by Edison Research.

''We did our job,'' said Mr. Reed, who helped pioneer religious voter
mobilization with the Christian Coalition in the 1980s and '90s, and is now
founder and chairman of the Faith and Freedom Coalition. He said that his
organization outdid itself this year, putting out 30 million voter guides in
117,000 churches, 24 million mailings to voters in battleground states and 26
million phone calls.

''Those voters turned out, and they voted overwhelmingly against Obama,'' Mr.
Reed said. ''But you can't be driving in the front of the boat and leaking in
the back of the boat, and win the election.

''You can't just overperform among voters of faith,'' he continued. ''There's
got to be a strategy for younger voters, unmarried voters, women voters --
especially single women -- and minorities.''

The Christian right should have a natural inroad with Hispanics. The vast
majority of Hispanics are evangelical or Catholic, and many of those are
religious conservatives opposed to same-sex marriage and abortion. And yet, the
pressing issue of immigration trumped religion, and Mr. Obama won the Hispanic
vote by 44 percentage points.

''Latino Protestants were almost as inclined to vote for Mr. Obama as their
Catholic brethren were,'' said Dr. Guth, at Furman, ''and that's certainly a big
change, and going the wrong direction as far as Republicans are concerned.''

The election outcome was also sobering news for Catholic bishops, who this year
spoke out on politics more forcefully and more explicitly than ever before, some
experts said. The bishops and Catholic conservative groups helped lead the fight
against same-sex marriage in the four states where that issue was on the ballot.
Nationwide, they undertook a campaign that accused Mr. Obama of undermining
religious liberty, redoubling their efforts when a provision in the health care
overhaul required most employers to provide coverage for contraception.

Despite this, Mr. Obama retained the Catholic vote, 50 to 48 percent, according
to exit polls, although his support slipped from four years ago. Also, solid
majorities of Catholics supported same-sex marriage, said Dr. Jones, the
pollster.

Bishop Jaime Soto of Sacramento, who serves on the bishops' domestic policy
committee, said that the bishops spoke out on many issues, including immigration
and poverty, but got news media attention only when they talked about abortion,
same-sex marriage and religious liberty. Voters who identify as Catholic but do
not attend Mass on Sunday may not have been listening, he said, but Catholics
who attend Mass probably ''weigh what the church has to say.''

''I think good Catholics can be found across the political spectrum,'' Bishop
Soto said, ''but I do think they wrestle with what the church teaches.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/11/10/us/politics/christian-conservatives-failed-to-
sway-voters.html

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: ''Those voters turned out, and they voted overwhelmingly
against Obama,'' Ralph Reed said of evangelical Christians. (PHOTOGRAPH BY WIN
McNAMEE/GETTY IMAGES)
''We're not going away, we just need to recalibrate,'' said Bob Vander Plaats,
president of the Iowa-based Family Leader. (PHOTOGRAPH BY STEVE HEBERT FOR THE
NEW YORK TIMES)
 ''The entire moral landscape has changed,'' said R. Albert Mohler  Jr.,
president of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary. (PHOTOGRAPH BY SOUTHERN
BAPTIST THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS) (A3)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              870 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                              July 7, 2015 Tuesday

PNM faces federal complaint over 'deceptive' press release

BYLINE: By James Fenton The Daily Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 704 words


FARMINGTON   A Santa Fe-based environmental group filed a complaint on Friday
with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C., stating that
Public Service Company of New Mexico issued a misleading press release in an
effort to deceive investors.

New Energy Economy has intervened in PNM's case before the state Public
Regulation Commission over a plan currently under consideration by the
regulatory body to shut down two units at San Juan Generating Station and
replace the lost power with additional coal, natural gas, solar and other
sources. The plan is designed to align the plant with federal haze regulations
under the Clean Air Act.

The July 3 complaint was also filed with the state Regulation and Licensing
Department's Securities Division and Attorney General Hector Balderas' office.
It accuses PNM of deceit for a claim in a recent press release that ratepayers
would save $300 million over six years if the PRC approves the power-replacement
plan at the Waterflow plant, and recently filed coal-supply and ownership
agreements with Westmoreland Coal Company .

The complaint contends that only $50 million of the savings expected between
2018 and 2021 hinges on PRC approval of the plan, which includes PNM's
acquisition of 132 megawatts produced by the power plant's Unit 4. It contends
that most of the savings is not dependent on the PRC's approval of acquisition
of the additional coal-fired power in Unit 4.

PNM spokesman Pahl Shipley declined to address the particular claims in the
complaint, citing possible litigation, but said the utility company's plan and
related documents are a matter of public record.

"PNM strongly stands behind its disclosures and its statements to the public,
our shareholders and our regulators and intends to vigorously defend (itself)
against the claims," Shipley said in a statement on Tuesday. "Our priority is to
achieve (the) best possible outcome for our customers, and this action by New
Energy Economy should not divert attention away from the fact that the PNM plan
is the best path forward."

Pat Vincent-Collawn   PNM chairman, president and CEO   said in the May 14
release that the opportunity to pass on those savings to ratepayers hinged on
the PRC's approval of the entire plan.

"Our plan was already the lowest cost alternative, and now we have negotiated an
even lower cost on behalf of our customers, if the (PRC) moves forward with our
plans. It is up to the (PRC) now to determine whether customers will see these
savings," Vincent-Collawn said in the release.

Mariel Nanasi, New Energy Economy president and executive director, who filed
the complaint, said that $250 million of those savings would exist regardless of
whether state regulators approve the plan and that the release was intended to
sway the commission and the public using the promise of hundreds of millions of
dollars in savings.

"The PNM news release is intentionally misleading, crafted to sway public and
(PRC) sentiment," Nanasi said in the complaint. She also disputes the legitimacy
of a purported coal-supply contract, the plan being the "lowest cost
alternative," and approval by the state Environmental Improvement Board and the
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.

Nanasi also said in the complaint that PNM's stock price, which was $29.61 per
share in January, "bottomed out" at $25.97 per share on May 14   the date of the
press release   and increased to $26.23 the following day.

"The statements ... were intended to be manipulative and deceptive devices
prohibited by the Securities Exchange Act," Nanasi wrote in the complaint.

Four Corners Economic Development CEO Ray Hagerman said in a text message on
Tuesday that the complaint was no more than a tactic to damage PNM.

"That is typical for NEE," Hagerman said. "If you are losing the fight in one
arena, shift to another. I think the more appropriate action by the SEC would be
to see if anyone connected to NEE is shorting PNM stock as it makes such
ridiculous claims."

Regulators are expected to vote on the plan sometime after Aug. 1 deadline for
ownership restructuring and other final agreements.

James Fenton is the business editor of The Daily Times. He can be reached at
505-564-4621 and @fentondt on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The San Juan Generating Station is seen in April on County Road 6800 in
Waterflow.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                     November 30, 2016 Wednesday 00:00 EST

Paul Sevigny Reopens Sway Lounge in SoHo;
Boîte

BYLINE: BEN DETRICK

SECTION: FASHION

LENGTH: 470 words



HIGHLIGHT: The home of the popular Sunday "Smiths/Morrissey Night" party is
back, this time as Paul's Casablanca.


Last December, wistful partygoers made pilgrimages to western SoHo for the final
days of Sway, a lounge whose popularity withered over the last half-decade. Now,
it has reopened as Paul's Casablanca, with a gussied-up interior and a
resurrection of the beloved Sunday "Smiths/Morrissey Night" party.

"Being back in here is wild," said Alex Frankel, from the band Holy Ghost. He
was at the opening party last month, a boozy soiree hosted by Purple, the French
fashion magazine. "The vibe is just like it used to be: sweaty, rowdy and
centered around good music. I have great stories."

THE PLACE

Paul's Casablanca's 3,000-square-foot home is a remote strip of Spring Street,
with Don Hill's a nearby tombstone. Inside, Moroccan flourishes remain intact
throughout three connected rooms with arched doorways and mosaics of colorful
tiles above banquettes. What's different? "The extreme cleanliness," said Paul
Sevigny, a co-owner, whose night-life résumé includes the Beatrice Inn and
Paul's Cocktail Lounge. "The real story is taking an old, tired space and
completely reviving it."

THE CROWD

Older and dressy, with more all-black ensembles than a coven potluck. So far,
the mix includes a smattering of celebrities, fashion folk, Euros and night-life
vampires who descend upon any freshly opened hot spot. On a recent Saturday, the
jammed dance floor crooned to records from Elvis Presley and Chubby Checker.
"It's like a wedding," a young woman exclaimed to her pals.

THE PLAYLIST

Themed nights, with an emphasis on nostalgia. Thursdays are dedicated to
late-'90s hip-hop, with D.J. appearances from Mark Ronson and Q-Tip. Weekend
parties have Beatrice Inn alumni on the decks. Sundays are for New Wave and Post
Punk. "With the Serato-ification of D.J.'ing, everybody can play everything,"
said Brian McPeck, a co-owner. "Maybe it's nice to know you're going to hear
Smiths, Morrissey, New Order - and not Drake - on a Sunday."

GETTING IN

No cover. But the velvet rope is taut. "If you're not interested in that sort of
music, you probably won't want to go anyway," Mr. Sevigny said.

DRINKS

On the steeper side. Bartenders in pristine cream suits serve Moroccan beer for
$10 and specialty cocktails from $18 to $20 (the Casablanca has vodka, green tea
and mint).

Continue following our fashion and lifestyle coverage on Facebook (Styles and
Modern Love), Twitter (Styles, Fashion and Weddings) and Instagram.

Paul's Casablanca, 305 Spring Street (at Renwick Street), 212-620-5220,
paulscasablanca.com. Open Thursday to Sunday, 10 p.m. to 4 a.m.

PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY PETER PABÓN FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
 GRAPHIC

Related Articles


     ·    Goldie's, a Greenpoint Bar by Way of Las Vegas
     ·    The Last Word, an Imitation Speakeasy, Opens in Queens
     ·    An Italian Bar Fit for Romance in Greenwich Village
     ·    The Vnyl, a Sprawling East Village Club, Brings Back the '70s


LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Do Doctors Have Too Much Sway Over Medicare Payouts?

LENGTH: 85  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Illinois Hospital Association, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Do Doctors Have Too Much Sway Over Medicare Payouts?
Reporters Peter Whoriskey and Dan Keating have opened Post readers' eyes to the
fact that Medicare pays for physician services -- a $69.6 billion item in 2012
-- according to an arcane and little-known price list, over which doctors
themselves exercise considerable and less-than-totally-transparent influence.

For further information please visit: http://www.ihatoday.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              873 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            November 23, 2012 Friday

CRESCENT CITY, Calif. -- It doesn't matter if the earth sways in Chile, Alaska
or

SECTION: NEWS_; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 118 words


CRESCENT CITY, Calif. -- It doesn't matter if the earth sways in Chile, Alaska
or Japan, the formation of the sea floor along the U.S. West Coast generally
aims any tsunami surges at the tiny California town of Crescent City. Churning
water rushes into the boat basin and then rushes out, lifting docks off their
pilings, tearing boats loose and leaving the city's main economic engine looking
as if it has been bombed. Japan's earthquake-sparked tsunami of 2011 sank 11
boats, damaged 47 others and destroyed two-thirds of the harbor's docks.
Officials are spending $54 million to build the West Coast's first harbor able
to withstand the kind of tsunami expected to hit once every 50 years. --
Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Due to the formation of the sea floor and configuration of the harbor,
Crescent City regularly takes the biggest hit of any port on the West Coast from
tsunamis. So the city is doing something about it. ASSOCIATED PRESS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              874 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           November 24, 2011 Thursday

Your say could hold sway across the UK ; Rocket beer takes off ; Your say could
hold sway across the UK ; Rocket beer takes off

BYLINE: Steve Howarth

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 1118 words


matthew davis

A BEER brewed in honour of rock band Elbow is flying off the shelves and out of
the pumps.

Build a Rocket Boys was specially made by Robinsons brewery who have now
commissioned a second brew due to the high demand with a further 20, 000 pints
currently fermenting. The beer was launched at last month's Manchester Food and
Drink Festival and has since gone on to be a critical and commercial success
with many pubs and stockists running short on supplies.

Build has been selling at the rate of 7,200 pints a week in Robinsons' pubs with
further stock flying off the shelves in supermarkets across the UK. Elbow's beer
has also been popular online, with beer and music fans from around the globe
ordering cases of the beer from the official website, elbowbeer.co.uk.

Robinsons will donate a significant percentage of all profits raised from the
sale of Build beer to the Oxfam African Famine appeal.   THREE minutes to change
UK economic policy. That's right, by taking just three minutes of your time to
complete the Chamber of Commerce Quarterly Economic Survey, you could influence
UK economic policy. And, with the economy in such an uncertain state, your
contribution has never been so vital. The survey has been running for more than
20 years and is the largest and most representative independent business survey
of its kind in the UK. Each quarter, businesses are questioned on a wide range
of issues including: home sales and orders, export sales and orders, employment
prospects, investment, recruitment difficulties, cashflow, confidence and price
pressure. It is considered to be one of the country's most influential surveys
and the results are sent to British Chambers of Commerce, who collate the
results from all around the country and their composite report is then sent
directly to the Bank of England and the heart of government. In fact, it is one
of only three credited in the Bank of England's quarterly inflation report,
clear proof that it influences their decision-making when setting monetary
policy. The survey is one of the first economic indicators of the quarter,
published in advance of official figures and other private surveys, and it
consistently mirrors trends in the national economy. For this reason the survey
is closely watched by policymakers such as the treasury and the Bank of England,
and also by the media as well as being used by the chamber of commerce when we
are arguing for a better business climate. On average around 5,300 businesses,
collectively employing more than 600,000 people, complete the survey each
quarter with the largest proportion of these coming from the Greater Manchester
area. We need to continue this success because the more responses we get from
our area the greater our voice when we are lobbying for improvements and change.
As Dr Brian Sloan, chief economist at the Chamber said: We are looking to break
the 1,000 barrier. With powerful indicators emerging from this survey on
regional economic performances such as growth, employment and investment, it's
essential that we continue to receive a big number of responses from businesses
across Greater Manchester. The survey is not just open to members of the chamber
of commerce, so why not take this opportunity to have your say? The survey can
be accessed via gmchamber. co.uk and is open until November 30.   THREE minutes
to change UK economic policy. That's right, by taking just three minutes of your
time to complete the Chamber of Commerce Quarterly Economic Survey, you could
influence UK economic policy. And, with the economy in such an uncertain state,
your contribution has never been so vital. The survey has been running for more
than 20 years and is the largest and most representative independent business
survey of its kind in the UK. Each quarter, businesses are questioned on a wide
range of issues including: home sales and orders, export sales and orders,
employment prospects, investment, recruitment difficulties, cashflow, confidence
and price pressure. It is considered to be one of the country's most influential
surveys and the results are sent to British Chambers of Commerce, who collate
the results from all around the country and their composite report is then sent
directly to the Bank of England and the heart of government. In fact, it is one
of only three credited in the Bank of England's quarterly inflation report,
clear proof that it influences their decision-making when setting monetary
policy. The survey is one of the first economic indicators of the quarter,
published in advance of official figures and other private surveys, and it
consistently mirrors trends in the national economy. For this reason the survey
is closely watched by policymakers such as the treasury and the Bank of England,
and also by the media as well as being used by the chamber of commerce when we
are arguing for a better business climate. On average around 5,300 businesses,
collectively employing more than 600,000 people, complete the survey each
quarter with the largest proportion of these coming from the Greater Manchester
area. We need to continue this success because the more responses we get from
our area the greater our voice when we are lobbying for improvements and change.
As Dr Brian Sloan, chief economist at the Chamber said: We are looking to break
the 1,000 barrier. With powerful indicators emerging from this survey on
regional economic performances such as growth, employment and investment, it's
essential that we continue to receive a big number of responses from businesses
across Greater Manchester. The survey is not just open to members of the chamber
of commerce, so why not take this opportunity to have your say? The survey can
be accessed via gmchamber. co.uk and is open until November 30.   matthew davis
A BEER brewed in honour of rock band Elbow is flying off the shelves and out of
the pumps. Build a Rocket Boys was specially made by Robinsons brewery who have
now commissioned a second brew due to the high demand with a further 20, 000
pints currently fermenting. The beer was launched at last month's Manchester
Food and Drink Festival and has since gone on to be a critical and commercial
success with many pubs and stockists running short on supplies. Build has been
selling at the rate of 7,200 pints a week in Robinsons' pubs with further stock
flying off the shelves in supermarkets across the UK. Elbow's beer has also been
popular online, with beer and music fans from around the globe ordering cases of
the beer from the official website, elbowbeer.co.uk. Robinsons will donate a
significant percentage of all profits raised from the sale of Build beer to the
Oxfam African Famine appeal.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHEERS Elbow's lead singer Guy Garvey
CHEERS Elbow's lead singer Guy Garvey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 21, 1988, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

LETTERS;
CHILD'S PLAY, WOMEN'S SWAY

SECTION: Section 6; Page 12, Column 5; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 114 words


What memories Phyllis Rose sparked in ''Child's Play, Women's Sway'' (Hers
column, July 17)! I remember spending long nights furtively sitting on the
kitchen floor of my friend Nancy's mother's house playing jacks - furtively,
because we were college graduates at the time, 23 years old, she busy in a
career on Seventh Avenue, I studying journalism. We told no one because we were
embarrassed; but we were obsessed with the game. We played fiercely,
competitively, often giggling, sometimes yelling. It wasn't until I read Phyllis
Rose's article that I finally understood why two grown women had such fun
playing a child's game.

DEBRA MORGENSTERN KATZ
  Cedarhurst, L.I.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              876 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Contra Costa Times

                     March 9, 2005 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

GOVERNOR'S TIES CREATE ETHICS CONCERN;
CAMPAIGN CONSULTANTS LAUNCH LOBBYING OPERATIONS TO INFLUENCE STATE POLICY

BYLINE: DION NISSENBAUM, TIMES SACRAMENTO BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 845 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO


Two top campaign consultants who helped Arnold Schwarzenegger become governor by
casting him as a political reformer are taking new steps to profit from their
ties to the administration.

One year after the Republican governor sought to create a firewall between his
administration and political team, Schwarzenegger advisers George Gorton and Bob
White have launched new Sacramento lobbying operations designed to influence
state policy.

The moves have critics calling on Schwarzenegger, who vowed to set a high
ethical standard in Sacramento, to distance himself from anyone who offers him
private political advice and then tries to sway the administration on behalf of
their corporate clients.

"If this governor is going to stand for anything that is remotely in accord with
his campaign promises, he needs to set a positive example and say that this kind
of back-room dealing will not be tolerated," said Kathay Feng, incoming
executive director of California Common Cause, a political reform group.

Critics like Feng worry that special interests will hire firms because of their
close ties to the governor with the expectation that the lobbyists can offer
them insider access to sway Schwarzenegger on everything from clearcutting to
homeowners insurance.

Schwarzenegger is sensitive to such criticism and faced similar complaints last
year after Knight Ridder reported that Mike Murphy, one of the governor's most
trusted political consultants, opened a Sacramento lobbying branch of his
Washington, D.C.-based firm.

Schwarzenegger aides helped craft a bill that would have created a buffer
between the governor's political consultants and his administration, a move that
helped prod Murphy to voluntarily shelve his California lobbying plans.

Had the measure become law, it also would have blocked White's and Gorton's
firms from currently lobbying the administration because of their financial ties
to the governor.

"The relationship between a political consultant and a candidate is a unique
one," said Assemblywoman Lois Wolk, the Vacaville Democrat who is pushing the
proposal again this year. "It's almost like a doctor-patient. It's very private,
and I think it's too easy to abuse that relationship by then trying to turn
around and lobby that elected official."

Wolk's bill was approved by the Assembly, but single-handedly derailed by
then-Senate leader John Burton, a San Francisco Democrat who bottled up the
measure in the Rules Committee.

With Burton forced out by term limits, Wolk has resurrected her bill, AB40,
which will face its first hearing next week. It would bar paid political
consultants from lobbying clients for six months after they have any kind of
financial relationship with the elected leader.

The measure was originally crafted in response to the actions of a Democratic
consultant and lobbyist, Richie Ross, who lost his temper with Wolk's chief of
staff during a heated fight over health care for farm workers. The
Schwarzenegger administration worked with Wolk last year to ensure that the
rules would cover the governor's consultants as well.

White, who has been paid more than $100,000 for working with Schwarzenegger, is
still owed $150,000 for advising the governor during the recall election. Gorton
is still one of the governor's top political consultants and was paid $5,000 a
month until December for his advice.

The two firms already have lined up major corporate clients, including Zenith
Insurance, Pacific Lumber and Ameriquest, whose owners are finance chairs for
one of the governor's political campaign committees.

Rob Stutzman, the governor's communications director, said this week that
Schwarzenegger still supports legislation that would create a brighter line
between lobbyist-consultants and their clients.

"I think it would be good public policy," said Stutzman, who said the
administration still needed to look at the details of Wolk's latest bill.
"There's a better environment if there's a distinction between campaigns and
lobbying."

Perhaps more than any other political consultant, Gorton is responsible for
launching Schwarzenegger's political career. Gorton spearheaded the actor's
successful 2002 after-school ballot measure and helped lay the groundwork for
Schwarzenegger's run in the 2003 recall.

Gorton said that there is a strict barrier between his political consulting for
the governor and his company lobbyist, Mitch Mulanix, who also worked on
Schwarzenegger's campaign.

"I have not lobbied the administration," Gorton said.

But Feng said lobbyists working for Schwarzenegger advisers go in with either
"the illusion or the reality of special access and it's hard to draw the line."

White, who served as chief of staff to then-Gov. Pete Wilson, has deep
connections to the administration. Schwarzenegger hired White during the recall
campaign after some early stumbles. Schwarzenegger's chief of staff, Pat Clarey,
served as White's deputy in the Wilson administration.

White and other members of his company declined to comment.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday

FASHION WEEK GETS CHEEKY From Kendall to Kanye, all you need to know about
what's to come

BYLINE: and ANAHITA MOUSSAVIAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 676 words


Oscar de la Renta and Monse are the hottest tickets in town.

The collections are being unveiled at a two-forone event on Monday. It's unusual
for a storied house such as Oscar, but new co-creative directors Laura Kim and
Fernando Garcia - who designed under de la Renta and are also industry darlings
for their newer label Monse (left) - are calling the shots.

Fashion's favorite comeback kid is back.

Former club kid/Heatherette co-founder/Pat Field protégé Richie Rich is staging
his return to NYFW Thursday night at Madison Square Garden under the label "RICH
by Richie Rich." The theme? Propaganda. With an invite including slogans such as
"This Is What Democracy Looks Like" and "Free To Be Me," there's sure to be one
helluva turnout.

Kanye is back, but will he be better behaved?

After last season's Roosevelt Island debacle (the Yeezy show started several
hours late, models fainted - need we go on?), all eyes are on Ye to see if he'll
play nice this time around and stick to his scheduled slot on Feb. 15 at Pier
59. He courted controversy earlier this month by reportedly scheduling his show
for the same time as Marchesa, before moving his to 3 p.m.

Tommy Hilfiger decamped to Los Angeles.

The iconic New York designer (right) is kicking off New York Fashion Week by
going west - to Venice Beach, Calif., specifically - to debut his second
collaboration, TommyxGigi, with supermodel Gigi Hadid. The line, along with the
rest of the current season's runway looks, will be available for purchase
immediately after Wednesday's show.

Magic school bus

Buenos Aires-born designer Amanda Mehl, who infuses her designs with materials
like shower mats, is staging her fashion show, Mehl, inside a school bus outside
Skylight Clarkson Square to coincide with Oscar de la Renta and Monse's Monday
time slot inside the venue. The invite promises a "magical" experience.

Calvin Klein has a new man.

The Belgian designer Raf Simons abruptly left Christian Dior in fall 2015,
leaving the fashion world wondering what he'd do next. He was recently appointed
chief creative officer of Calvin Klein, and he's set to debut the label's first
combined men's and women's ready-to-wear show on Friday.

Designers take a stand.

The Council of Fashion Designers (CFDA) is supporting Planned Parenthood with an
initiative called Fashion Stands with Planned Parenthood. More than 40 labels
are participating, including Diane von Furstenberg and Carolina Herrera, with
models said to be wearing pink pins on the runway.

Hot-spot alert!

The cool kids never did accept the death of downtown nightlife mainstay Sway and
its wildly infamous "Smiths/Morrissey Night" parties. Props to Cynthia Rowley
for hosting her party at Paul Sevigny's new lounge, Paul's Casablanca, in Sway's
former home at 305 Spring Street on Sunday. Her intention may not have been to
rile up nostalgia-philes - but who's gonna turn down a chance to shake it at
Sevigny's latest?

It's easier than ever to go shopping.

Club Monaco will unveil 30 spring looks to its customers immediately after they
debut at the brand's Friday runway show at its Fifth Avenue flagship. It's a
first for Club Monaco, as is extending invites to new and loyal customers.
Meanwhile, Banana Republic (right) is celebrating its continued see-now-buy-now
ethos with its Global Style Ambassador Olivia Palermo. Fans can head to the
retailer's Soho location (550 Broadway) for a pop-up celebration on Thursday at
6 p.m. to meet Palermo herself.

Kendall may walk in a naked dress.

Tapped as the face for luxe lingerie line La Perla, Kendall Jenner has been
flaunting the brand's racy threads. She recently wore one of its naked dresses
(right) to a Harper's Bazaar party and is confirmed to walk the label's runway
show Thursday evening. To get the full Jenner experience, swing by little sister
Kylie's pop-up cosmetics shop - opening Monday at 27 Mercer St. to hawk those
all-toocoveted lip kits.

New York Fashion Week kicks off Thursday. Go to NYPost.com for all the latest
updates.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -2016 Kanye West show. [Bryan Bedder/Getty Images]-Model. [Slaven
Vlasic/Getty Images]-Tommy Hilfiger.-School bus; Models. [Brurya Dym]-Male
model. [Jemal Countess/Getty Images]-Kendall Jenner. [Stefanie Keenan/Getty
Images]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Developing support [JUMP]New proposal sways foe of a mixed-use complex on
Tampa's Grand Central Avenue;
New proposal sways foe of a mixed-use complex on Tampa's Grand Central Avenue

BYLINE: JEROME R. STOCKFISCH Tribune staff

SECTION: METRO; Business; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 502 words



HIGHLIGHT: A developer has revised plans for a 314-unit apartment development
behind the Oxford Exchange, adding retail space, increasing open space and
courtyards, and using concrete construction instead of frame. Oxford had
launched a "Tampa Deserves Better" campaign against the old proposal that
ultimately got it quashed by the city. Blake Casper approves of the new design.
SEEKING RENDERINGS


TAMPA - A South Florida developer has resubmitted plans for an eight-story
mixed-use complex along Grand Central Avenue, a dramatic revision of plans that
were opposed by neighbors and ultimately nixed by the Tampa City Council in
September.

Plans for Altis Grand Central, refiled last month with the city, call for two
eight-story towers that include 314 apartment units, 9,750 square feet of retail
and commercial uses, and a nine-story parking garage, the latter situated
between the towers.

A group led by Blake Casper, who heads the Caspers Co. McDonald's franchisee and
owns Oxford Exchange, a coffee shop and retail arcade across Grand Central
Avenue from the proposed development, rallied opposition to the original design.
The Tampa Deserves Better campaign is on board with the new design, with Casper
calling it a much improved development.

They have clearly heard the concerns of the neighborhood stakeholders and city
leaders, Casper said in a statement on the campaign's website. More importantly,
they have designed a project that balances the many functions of a healthy,
vibrant urban neighborhood. Their project will go a long way in making Tampa an
even better city.

Developer Altman Cos. reached out to both the neighbors and city staff for the
redesign, said Todd Josko, a local spokesman

for the project.Atlas Grand Central will be constructed of 100 percent
reinforced concrete instead of wood frame. It's a wedding-cake-tiered design
with undulations and variations - as opposed to the previous linear design.

The project's footprint was reduced by increasing the height to eight stories,
up from five to six stories, and more than doubling the setbacks and adding
wider sidewalks and more open space for pedestrian and bicycle
traffic.Commercial retail space has nearly doubled, from 5,000 square feet under
the original proposal to 9,750 square feet.

Last year's plan called for the removal of three grand trees on the site,
bordered by Grand Central Avenue on the north, South Cedar and South Magnolia
avenues on the east and west and Cleveland Street on the south. The new plan
keeps one of the trees intact, calls for replanting a second with the city's
assistance and removal of the third tree, which was designated hazardous.The
developers took steps to make the project transit-friendly, including parking
spaces for electric cars and car-sharing options in conjunction with Enterprise
Rent-a-Car. There will be an air-conditioned and secure bicycle storage room
that will include tools and pumps for bicycle repairs.

There were questions raised by the neighborhood and also by the city council
when it was up for approval the first time around, Josko said. They worked
really hard to address them with the redesigned plans.The Boca Raton-based
developer submitted the plans for rezoning on March 28. Josko said a public
hearing could come in summer, with construction beginning in the winter and
initial occupancy in spring 2018.

jstockfisch@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7834

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              879 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              June 22, 2015 Monday

Stadium primary issue in council race [JUMP]Results on Nov. 3 could sway talks
with Rays;
Results on Nov. 3 could sway talks with Rays

BYLINE: STEVEN GIRARDI Tribune staff

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; NationWorld; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 859 words



HIGHLIGHT: Filing deadline is 5 pmMonday for St Pete Council election that could
brak the councils' deadline on the rays stadium agreement - or not. four seats
are on the ballot... so far, only one is contested...


ST. PETERSBURG - City Councilman Steve Kornell concedes the upcoming council
election could change the course of stadium negotiations with the Tampa Bay
Rays.

But he hopes it's about more than that.

People care about it. I understand, he said. But there are a lot of other
issues.

Neighborhood revitalization, more jobs and economic development, and improved
housing all are in need of attention, Kornell said Friday.

I think it would be a huge mistake for the media to make this a one-issue
campaign, he said.

Kornell is seeking re-election in District 5, and is one of nine people who have
filed to run for four council district seats in advance of today's 5 p.m.
deadline. Philip Garrett filed late Friday to run against Kornell.

The election is Nov. 3, with a  primary scheduled for Aug. 25 in races with

more than two candidates. Council members are paid $39,691 a year.

District 7, which includes the area south of downtown and Midtown, has attracted
the most attention. Five people have filed to replace Wengay Newton, who has
reached his two-term limit. One is his brother, Winthrop Newton, a retired
firefighter and former union president of the St. Petersburg Association of
Firefighters, Local 747.

Lisa Wheeler-Brown, Sheila Scott Griffin and Aaron Sharp also have qualified,
and Elvert Lewis Stephens has filed paperwork.

Council Chairman Charlie Gerdes has qualified to run again in District 1, as has
Ed Montanari, seeking to replace term-limited Councilman Bill Dudley in District
3. Neither had an opponent as of Friday.

The departure of Wengay Newton and Dudley has spawned intrigue about the
protracted baseball negotiations, as they are two of the four council members
opposed to Mayor Rick Kriseman's deal to let the team explore new stadium
locations outside of the city.

That often contentious debate is deadlocked 4-4, leaving Kriseman in need of one
more vote to strike the deal that could pay the city up to $21 million after
2018, depending on how many years are left on the lease that expires in 2027 if
the team leaves Tropicana Field. The team would pay the city $4 million for each
year until 2018, though it appears increasingly unlikely the team could move
that soon.

Gerdes has voted in favor of the mayor's deal. Kornell has opposed it, arguing
the team should pay more.

Garrett, his potential opponent, could not be reached Friday evening. Garrett
lost the 2014 election to represent state House District 70, which includes
south St. Petersburg, to Darryl Rouson.

Lisa Wheeler-Brown and Sheila Scott Griffin each said they need to look more
closely at the deal before taking a position.

Likewise, they each said any deal must be beneficial to the city residents who
helped to pay for the stadium.Winthrop Newton didn't take sides, but said the
taxpayers have an investment in the stadium and a contract, and it is imperative
for the city to maintain dialogue with the Rays.In District 1, Montanari, an
airline pilot, was unavailable for comment last week, but previously agreed with
Dudley that the city should get a better deal.

Beyond baseball, candidates stressed the need to spread the city's thriving
growth beyond downtown and into neighborhoods still striving for an economic
boost.

A lot of focus is on the Midtown area just south of downtown, where the city has
created an innovative  community redevelopment area with hopes of creating jobs,
businesses, better housing, education and infrastructure in the heart of
District 7.

Kornell, a public school social worker, said the Skyway-Marina district in his
area has great potential, too. He hopes that these areas, along with issues
regarding the West Central part of the city, the ongoing pier and waterfront
development, and environmental protection get enough attention during the
campaign.

Kornell has collected $26,730 in campaign contributions as of the last filing
period.

Wheeler-Brown, a community activist and immediate past president of the city's
Council of Neighborhood Associations, is the only other candidate to file a
financial report, which showed $13,668. She works for an orthopedic injury
management office.

Griffin, a former lawyer, has had her law license suspended by the Florida Bar
Association, to which she owes $44,500 in connection with her law practice that
she folded in 2006.

She said the firm, which she started in 2004, grew quickly but ran into
financial difficulties when clients failed to pay. I lost everything, she said.

Griffin said the shut-down left clients stranded and unable to find her. Her
license was suspended in 2007 and again in 2011 when she didn't refund money she
owed to clients. She said she lost contact with clients once they filed
complaints with the Bar and had no money to repay the Bar Association, as she
had promised.

She said she previously worked for Pinellas County community development as a
housing financial specialist, the Tampa Bay Regional Planning Council as
regional impact coordinator, and the Southwest Florida Water Management District
as counsel on human resources. She now operates a limousine transportation
business.

sgirardi@tampatrib.com

(727) 828-6148

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              June 30, 2013 Sunday
                                 FOURTH EDITION

YOUR VIEWS - LETTERS FROM OUR READERS OPINION

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 1216 words


Society sways back and forth on role of God

Isn't it ironic how the Post-Dispatch and society as a whole continue to sway
back and forth, like a rudderless ship, with the role that God plays in all of
the issues we face in life?

First comes the story June 24 of how the Girl Scouts are slowly fading into
nonexistence (with no mention of their willingness to open membership to those
practicing a behavior against God's design), while right next to it is a story
of how the Girl Guides in the United Kingdom are removing references to God from
their organization (guess what will happen to that group).

Next comes the immigration debate in the June 25 edition noting how religious
leaders "find answer in Scripture, declining membership." Throughout the story
are references from God's Word to try and support immigration reform (and boost
membership perhaps) yet not once are readers given the overriding message from
Scripture for us to obey and enforce the laws that are in place. Clearly this is
just another indication of how most of society only chooses to follow what parts
of the Bible that help/benefit them. That type of hypocrisy is what Jesus fought
against, not what he stood for.

All of this brings to light the compromise that drives people these days. The
three examples show that more than anything else, the world needs to follow the
first words Jesus gave ... repent for the Kingdom of God is at hand.

Daniel Cressey o St. Louis County

Unbalanced reporting on reactions to gay marriage rulings

Your selection of responses from legislators and religious leaders ("Reaction to
gay marriage rulings, June 27) was woefully lacking in balance. By citing only
legislators who affirm the Supreme Court ruling and only religious leaders who
decry it, you frame the controversy in terms of secular vs. religious views.

Where is the perspective of legislators who stand in opposition? Where are the
voices of the religious leaders who actively support the rights of all people to
legal marriage, and to equal treatment under the nation's law?

Throughout St. Louis, as across the country, rainbow banners on churches and
synagogues proclaim that God's love extends to the whole human race. Like the
Supreme Court, the nation is split, not along lines of secular vs. religious,
but along the lines of narrow ideology vs. justice and love. St. Louis deserves
more balanced reporting in the future.

Rev. Dr. Maureen Killoran o Kirkwood

America ignores God, history in Supreme Court decision

Hubris is a fitting description for the Supreme Court's decision on the Defense
of Marriage Act and really for our culture as a whole.

The ancient Greeks developed a pagan culture that normalized homosexual
behavior. Didn't work out so well for them. Nor for the pagans of ancient Rome,
world conquerors who also embraced promiscuous homosexuality. They were too big
to fail! But ... not so much for them either.

And now America, which, while we have many of the trappings of Christianity
(standing room only for Christmas Mass), long ago began embracing paganism. And
not just the proliferation of crystals hanging from car mirrors where rosaries
once hung. Nor simply the growth of the New Age movement (the ancient Greeks and
Romans would find it a hoot the that we call it "new").

But we, the mighty and enlightened, will make it work, we say in our hubris. We
don't need history to inform us. And certainly not God. We will be our own gods.
And so we have Nancy Pelosi lecturing the bishops on what "marriage" is.

When folks first began to have difficulty defining "marriage," I laughed it off.
Really? Many of these same intellectuals aren't sure when life begins, except of
course when they create life in the test tube. Of course their confusion was
precipitated by forcing reality to fit their preconceived notions. So they
argued for equality. Except of course, equality for unborn human beings. And
told us we can deal with the whole "where will we draw the line thing" later.
Hence the sum and substance of their argument was a simple bumper
sticker/Facebook icon math symbol. No room for the equation though: exactly what
"=" what?

Now that the Supreme Court has enlightened us, I expect we'll be seeing giant
X's on bumpers as we advance our definition of marriage to include multiple
partners. And perhaps "= =" signs, giving "kissing cousins" a whole new meaning.
Where will it all end? If you don't want to wait around, I recommend pulling out
a history book and reading about the experience of our hubris-cousins the
ancient Greeks and Romans.

John Ryan o Eureka

Supreme Court shows its vanity

A popular song's refrain is "You're so vain, you probably think this song is
about you." The Supreme Court knows that it is all about them. If a group want a
right conferred that did not exist before, bypass the Creator and go straight to
the Supreme Court to get it.

The Supreme Court thinks they are the last word. Vanity of vanities! The last
word, when all is heard: Fear God and keep his commandments, that is man's all.
The Supreme Court is so vain.

Ted Naegel o Chesterfield

City needs more services for homeless, mentally ill

My reaction to the article by Jesse Bogan ("New homes vs. no homes," June 24)
was "Easy answers: none; Not In My Backyard: Multitudes." What is obvious to me
is that the city of St. Louis needs to do more to help the homeless, veterans
and individuals with chronic mental illness.

As a licensed clinical social worker, I am all too well aware of the shortages
of services and answers to the difficulties affecting our homeless and solutions
for their care. Petitions, while I grasp the sentiments behind them, are not a
solution. In the 1960s, St. Louis had flop houses, which were exactly that:
places for the homeless to "flop" and problematic then for developers who had
visions for the city of St. Louis.

We are past due in the need to partner with metropolitan community agencies and
medical centers in providing for this population. I concur with Teka Childress
of St. Louis Winter Outreach, who was quoted in this article as saying, "We need
a city that raises quality of life for everyone."

Teri Powers o St. Louis

We must take care of the homeless

I found your front-page coverage of the problem of the homeless in St. Louis
("New homes vs. no homes," June 24) disheartening and challenging. However, the
picture of the homeless man urinating in public was deeply disturbing. You have
stripped him of his dignity as a human being, made in the image and likeness of
God.

Is he not someone's father? brother? husband? uncle? nephew? or neighbor? Every
one who has a roof over his head and a floor under his feet is responsible for
those among us who are homeless.

Mary Nolan o Richmond Heights

Who's behind Paula Deen's downfall?

I am wondering if Paula Deen was set up by someone who is jealous of her success
or who has an axe to grind. I am a 70-plus-year-old white female, and of course
I have never experienced the prejudice still out there against the black race,
but this seems to me to be a mountain out of a mole hill. I have experienced
prejudice against women and ageism, so I can sympathize.

In my opinion Deen will survive this just as Martha Stewart survived her
conviction and jail time, provided she gets good PR advice and follows it.

Geraldine Jacobs o St. Charles

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                 April 10, 1988, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

Winds sway skyscraper till workers get seasick

BYLINE: (KNT)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 205 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, Illinois


   CHICAGO (KNT) - The world's tallest building lost scores of windows last week
in hurricane-force winds that caused it to sway so much that some office workers
became seasick.

It was the second time this year that the 110-storey Sears Tower has shed some
of its 16,000 panes during high winds.

Margo Krupp recalls "a roar like none I've ever heard" when winds of 120 km/h
(75 m.p.h.) whipped the tower last Wednesday, damaging 97 windows.

The windows "were shaking to an extent I had never seen before" and some workers
became seasick, said Krupp, an employee of law firm Schiff Hardin & Waite.

About 15 windows cracked or were blown out in Schiff Hardin's offices, most of
which occupy the 72nd through 74th floors.

On Feb. 22, winds gusting to 90 km/h (56 m.p.h.) resulted in 90 panes being lost
or irreparably damaged.

The 100-storey John Hancock Centre and 80-storey Amoco Building in Chicago -
which is nicknamed the Windy City - survived the blustery days without losing a
single pane.

Sears, Roebuck & Co., the owner and largest tenant of the 15-year-old
skyscraper, and its architect Skidmore Owings & Merrill blame the breakage on
windborne debris rather than a structural or design problem.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              882 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 15, 2009 Sunday

3rd Brigade Combat Team is back from Baghdad

BYLINE: Henry Cuningham, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 414 words


Nov. 15--The paratroopers of the 3rd Brigade Combat Team are flowing back into
Fort Bragg after a year in Iraq.

The 82nd Airborne Division brigade left a year ago for the area around Baghdad
to help Iraqis provide for their own security and improve their quality of life.

During the past year, the brigade's 3,500 paratroopers have been doing a wide
variety of things to help Iraq get on its feet and prepare for life with a
reduced U.S. presence.

Paratroopers trained their Iraqi counterparts in basic soldier skills at the
unit's training academy, which was nicknamed "Cold Steel."

More than once, Col. Timothy McGuire, the brigade commander, pinned a Purple
Heart on a soldier who was wounded from the blast of a homemade bomb.

Paratroopers went to pains to provide security for soccer games with Iraqis,
before and during the match.

The brigade's soldiers helped Iraqis learn to set up and operate a solar-powered
water filtration system to turn dirty water into clean drinking water.

Paratroopers worked with Iraqi federal police to conduct traffic control points
to crack down on the movement of munitions and explosives.

A military police platoon worked to keep Baghdad's main highways clear of the
homemade bombs that have been so deadly to U.S. troops and Iraqis.

Artillerymen did foot patrols in eastern Baghdad to assess security and disrupt
insurgent activity.

In February, cavalrymen accompanied Iraqi soldiers in Operation Sway Sway to
search for weapons caches in eastern Baghdad.

The N.C. National Guard's 30th Heavy Brigade Combat Team, which has its
headquarters in Clinton, has been in Iraq since May.

The National Guard brigade is working in the southern area of Baghdad. Like the
paratroopers, the guardsmen are trying to help Iraqis build their own
institutions and improve their security.

Top: Paratroopers of Troop A, 5th Squadron, 73rd Cavalry Regiment enter a home
in search of weapons. Center: Sgt. Cody Rome, of Baton Rouge, La., helps train
an Iraqi soldier. Above: Sgt. 1st Class James Volpe greets an Iraqi child during
a foot patrol.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091115-FY-3rd-Brigade-Combat-Team-is-back-from-Baghdad-1115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2009 The Fayetteville Observer


                              883 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          Western Leader (New Zealand)

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

Chance to learn hula

SECTION: NEWS; GENERAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 187 words


Mastering the art of the Hawaiian hula is quite a talent.

Young people between the ages of 13 to 17 years old are being offered the chance
to prefect the traditional dance with a free programme run by Pasifika Sway
Trust.

Over the course of four weeks the programme will run two days per week from
February 13 at Corban Estate Arts Centre in Henderson.

The Avondale-based trust runs a Hawaiian hula school, named Halau Ka Waikahe
Lani Malie or Peaceful Heavenly Flowing Waters School.

Award-winning international artist Blaine Kamalani Kia from Oahu, Hawaii, who
appeared on the television show Radar Across the Pacific, will be sharing his
skills.

Trust director Aruna Po- Ching sees the potential of growing the Hawaiian hula
in Auckland. Po-Ching taught the dance at St Dominic's College and Massey High
School.

Last year, St Dominic's College was the first college in ASB Polyfest's history
to represent Hawaii on the Diversity Stage.

Pasifika Sway Trust will also be offering Hawaiian and Samoan classes to
children and seniors on Monday and Friday afternoons at the New Lynn RSA.

Email Stephanie Smith at steffi.smith89@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             March 16, 2010 Tuesday

Push on U.S. health care in its final week;
Ads worth millions seek to sway Democrats who can make the difference

BYLINE: JEFF ZELENY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 949 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

ABSTRACT

The two sides are spending millions of dollars to sway 40 Democratic legislators
whose votes will help determine the fate of the bill.

FULL TEXT

The yearlong legislative fight over health care is drawing to a frenzied close
as a multimillion-dollar wave of advertising that rivals the ferocity of a
presidential campaign takes aim at about 40 congressional Democrats whose votes
will help determine the fate of President Barack Obama's top domestic priority.

Opening a weeklong campaign to close this act of the health care debate, Mr.
Obama took his case to the road on Monday. He seeks to expand coverage to 30
million more Americans and protect others from losing their existing insurance.

He told an audience in Strongsville, Ohio, near Cleveland, that ''by now we have
incorporated most of the serious ideas from across the political spectrum about
how to contain the rising cost of health care.''

Mr. Obama chose Strongsville because it is the home of Natoma Canfield, a
cleaning worker who wrote him weeks ago that she had dropped her health
insurance after her premiums had reached $8,500 a year. Then last week, he said,
she collapsed at work, was rushed to the hospital and, on Saturday, was
diagnosed with leukemia.

''I'm here because of Natoma,'' he said, and ''because this is not the America I
believe in.''

Mr. Obama's senior political adviser, David Axelrod, said earlier that he was
''absolutely confident'' that the administration-backed measure would pass this
week. The president delayed a trip to Indonesia, Australia and Guam to press for
passage.

The coalition of groups opposing the legislation, led by the United States
Chamber of Commerce, is singling out the 40 Democrats, all members of the House
of Representatives, 27 of whom supported the health care bill last year and 13
of whom opposed it. The coalition has spent $11 million this month alone
focusing on these lawmakers.

An alliance of groups supporting the health care plan, which works closely with
the White House and Democratic leaders, had been spending far less and focusing
on fewer districts. But after pharmaceutical companies made a $12 million
investment for a final advertising push supporting the plan, spending by both
sides is now nearly the same.

Not only are these swing Democrats being pummeled in the new advertising - which
could total $30 million before week's end - but extensive efforts are under way
in congressional districts, where groups on both sides are urging constituents
to contact their lawmakers. Mr. Obama is calling lawmakers, too.

Representative James E. Clyburn of South Carolina, the No.3 Democrat in the
House, said Sunday on the U.S. television network NBC that he had yet to lock
down enough votes to pass the bill. But, he added, ''I am also very confident
that we'll get this done.''

Several on-the-fence Democrats said they were working to sort out their
constituents' views.

''There is definitely more passion from people opposed to the bill,'' said
Representative Jason Altmire of Pennsylvania, whose offices have been inundated
with protests and calls. ''I need to do what's best for my district.'' He voted
against the bill last year.

The Chamber of Commerce is leading the opposition to the legislation. In two
weeks, its coalition, Employers for a Healthy Economy, has bought more than $7
million in television advertising.

The House Republican leader, John Boehner of Ohio, acknowledged Sunday that his
party alone could not block the legislation but vowed to do ''everything we can
to make it difficult for them, if not impossible, to pass the bill,'' by
proposing multiple amendments. Republicans say the legislation is far too costly
and gives government too great a role.

For weeks, Democrats who support the legislation have struggled to compete with
the opposition. A disparity in broadcast advertisements meant that the lawmakers
whom Mr. Obama and Speaker Nancy Pelosi were trying to rally were taking a
pounding in their districts.

The new money from drug makers, as well as contributions from labor unions and
other groups, helped equalize the fight.

Mr. Obama is making daily telephone calls to undecided Democrats, including
those who opposed the legislation, like Representative Dennis J. Kucinich of
Ohio, who said the measure did not go far enough. The president's trip to Ohio
included Mr. Kucinich's district.

''Barack Obama is my president; I want him to succeed,'' Mr. Kucinich said in an
interview. ''But I think it's important to have real health care reform. I wish
I could vote for it, but I don't think I can.''

The administration is also preparing detailed information to reassure abortion
opponents that the legislation would not allow government money to finance
abortions.

This had already been a difficult political year for Democrats. The White House
has signaled to lawmakers that those who support the bill will get priority in
allocating assistance for midterm elections, for example, presidential visits
and fund-raising events.

Organizing for America, the network of pro-Obama volunteers, is also developing
an extensive plan to help explain the health care bill to voters, should it
pass.

''We want to make sure that members know as they get ready to take this hard
vote that they have troops underneath them to fight and scrap to get this passed
and to help sell it,'' said Brad Woodhouse, a Democratic Party spokesman.

As the urgency for Democrats increases, a pragmatic air is settling in among
some Democratic groups that once were lukewarm to the legislation. MoveOn.org,
the progressive advocacy group, had favored a stronger measure. But last week,
in a vote of members, 83 percent said they wanted the House to pass the Senate
bill.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     June 29, 1995, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Chamblee's road warriors celebrating a double victory

BYLINE: Tim Fay; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA, Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 327 words


Only three days after winning a victory at the ballot box, members of the
Chamblee Taxpayers Association (CTA) scored a preliminary victory before the
state Ethics Commission.

Last week, voters approved a referendum, supported by CTA members and others, to
keep open a popular thoroughfare, Keswick Drive.

Three days later, CTA member John Barrett succeeded in persuading the state
Ethics Commission to formally hear a complaint against the Chamblee City
Council. Because of a complaint by Barrett, the Ethics Commission will
investigate whether three city councilmen violated the state Ethics in
Government Act.

Barrett appeared before the commission June 23, accusing city officials of
improperly attempting to sway the referendum. Specifically, Barrett said the
councilmen and others attempted to sway votes in an article last spring in the
Tracker, the city's official newsletter. Barrett said that because the
newsletter is city-financed, writing the article may have been a violation of
the ethics act.

The commission will eventually rule whether Councilmen Don Biles, Lee Floyd and
Gary King violated the Ethics in Government Act. The commission dismissed
complaints against other Chamblee officials.

The commission next meets Aug. 31 and may make its ruling then, said Executive
Secretary C. Theodore Lee.

"We didn't do anything wrong," said Floyd. "Our intent was to inform the voters.
I feel very positive about the fact the ethics commission will see that."

On June 20, just three days before the Ethics Commission hearing, the CTA scored
its victory at the polls. Having led the fight to keep Keswick Drive open,
association members celebrated the success of the referendum.

Citizens voted 483-129 to keep the road open.

The city council last summer voted 3-1 to close the road to make way for a park
expansion. But citizens, through an initiative petition drive, called for the
referendum and reversed the council vote.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              886 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Trailing, Cruz lobs 'Hail Carly' pass

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 368 words


This year's presidential primaries have featured many firsts: an impossibly
large Republican field, a GOP front-runner with no experience in government and
a socialist winning big swaths of the Democratic vote.

Wednesday added one more unusual development to the list: Sen. Ted Cruz of
Texas, a candidate mathematically eliminated from winning the GOP nomination on
the first ballot, naming businesswoman Carly Fiorina as his running mate.

Make no mistake, this is a Hail Mary (or perhaps a Hail Carly) pass. Cruz did it
in part to take the limelight away from Donald Trump, who is edging closer to
the nomination and dominating the news, thanks to his five-state romp Tuesday in
the Northeast primaries.

It is also a strategic effort to win over female voters alienated by Trump in
the 10 remaining primary states, starting with Indiana next Tuesday.

In picking Fiorina, the former CEO of Hewlett-Packard who ended her own bid for
the nomination Feb. 10 after the New Hampshire primary, Cruz has a running mate
who performed well in the early GOP debates and demonstrated a good grasp of
world and domestic affairs.

The strategy behind the Cruz-Fiorina ticket is to win enough delegates to keep
Trump shy of the 1,237 mark needed to claim the nomination on the first ballot
at the Republican convention this summer in Cleveland, and then try to sway
delegates to his side on subsequent ballots.

Such moves are long shots. Candidate Ronald Reagan tried a similar approach in
1976, when he trailed President Ford going into that year's convention. Reagan
tapped Sen. Richard Schweiker of Pennsylvania in a bid to appeal to moderate
delegates and to show what the full ticket would look like.

It didn't work. Ford won the nomination on the first ballot, though the
Reagan-Schwieker alliance did eventually bear fruit. Reagan put Schweiker in his
Cabinet after he was elected president four years later.

Will Cruz's gambit do any better? Probably not. Fiorina is hardly the kind of
political star who will sway large numbers of voters.

But with the GOP contest well into the fourth quarter, Cruz has few other
options and little to lose. Besides, in a year this wacky, his stunt doesn't
really stand out as all that strange.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            August 4, 2011 Thursday

Pelham driver a fast learner

BYLINE: By Kevin Rice, krice@lowellsun.com

SECTION: AUTO RACING

LENGTH: 719 words


Brett Culleton of Pelham won his second race of the season at Star Speedway last
Saturday night. That might not seem like a big deal until you consider the
20-year-old is in his first year of racing a full-sized race car.

The win tied Culleton for the points lead at the Epping, N.H., track in the
Rookie Stocks division.

Culleton does have a wealth of racing knowledge, having raced in Quarter-Midgets
at age 10, Junior Champ Karts and then Mini Cup cars. He raced the first two at
the now closed Londonderry, N.H. Raceway. The Mini Cup cars brought him to at
least seven different New England tracks as part of a touring series. But he
makes no secret of his desire.

"My dream has always been to run an ISMA Supermodified," he said. "I'm not
really interested in NASCAR or anything. I just want to race a Supermodified,
but they're not as affordable as the Rookie Stocks are."

Culleton went to the flea market at Thompson Speedway last fall. It's a weekend
event where race teams from all over New England try to sell off equipment at
the end of the season.

It was there Culleton decided he could become a Rookie Stock racer at his
favorite track.

"It was the right price so I decided to buy it," Culleton said. "I knew who
built the car. It ran at Lee as a Hobby Stock for a few years so I knew that it
would be good to run at Star. That's always been my favorite track, even from
when I was a little kid when my dad would bring me there to watch the Supers."

Culleton started slowly, running near the back of the field for the first couple
of weeks at Star. A combination of learning how to set his car up properly and
mastering a full-sized race car put him on a fast track to success. After
winning his first race on July 1, Culleton finished the month with a second
victory last Saturday.

"We changed to different springs and did things with the sway bar and then it
started to come to us," Culleton said. "If you don't have the right springs or
shocks, or if the sway bar is not right, or if the ride heights are screwed up
it makes a huge difference."

Now Culleton finds himself tied for the points lead with Derry, N.H., driver
Dean Wendell, much like the days when the two raced Quarter-Midgets 10 years
ago. It's a friendly rivalry, as Culleton says Wendell is one of only a few
drivers he is comfortable racing side-by-side with.

As for the future, Culleton is not looking too far ahead. He is just having fun
being a part of the area racing scene. He spends his weekdays working a
full-time job, and then evenings at the garage with his friends working on the
race car.

"We're still learning," he said. "My mom and dad help me out a lot, but for the
most part at the track it's just me and my buddies. Everyone kind of looks at us
funny because we're just a bunch of teenagers up there."

Weekend racing

Culleton returns to the driver's seat at Star on Saturday night. Star also has
the Modifieds, as Lowell's George Baldwin makes a run for a second straight
victory. The Roadrunners and V-6 Modifieds are also on the schedule.

Lee returns after a week off due to rain. Their Friday race program is
highlighted by a 50-lap Hobby Stock Shootout.

Groton's Bobby Melvin leads Jimmy Renfrew by just 13 points, and Ryan Green by
14 in the season standings, so every position counts in their race for the Late
Model Sportsman Championship as the final full month of racing begins this
weekend.

Hudson Speedway goes green on Sunday evening with the "Outlaws", Rookie Stocks,
Roadrunners and Thunder lights in action. While many tracks have been
experiencing declining car counts, the Hudson pits were overflowing with race
cars this past Sunday.

Danica Patrick will hold a question and answer session for race fans at NHMS on
Sunday, Aug. 14 at 11:30 a.m. as part of the MoveThatBlock.com Indy 225. For
$79, fans can attend. It also includes tickets to the race. The charge is only
$30 for those who have already purchased race tickets. The Indy cars make their
return to NHMS for the first time in several years, bringing straightaway speeds
in excess of 200 mph to the mile oval.

Former Supermodified car owner Mike Mazur passed away on July 28 at the age of
65. Mazur owned Middlesex Power Equipment and Marine in Tyngsboro for more than
20 years. Mazur fielded race cars driven by Doug Heveron and the legendary
Bentley Warren.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brett Culleton and car at his Pelham race shop. He won his second race
of the season at Star. Photo/Kevin Rice

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 3, 2008 Friday

Demonstrators say McCain would kill U.S. health care

BYLINE: Daniel Axelrod, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 565 words


Oct. 3--Wearing grim reaper robes and John McCain masks, carrying sickles and a
coffin, union members held a mock funeral Friday morning in Scranton for the
U.S. health care system under the Republican presidential nominee's policies.

Scranton was the final stop of 18 in a nine-state tour by nine workers -- dubbed
the "Change to Win Truth Squad" -- funded and organized by a coalition of seven
labor unions. Sponsors include the Service Employees International Union and the
International Brotherhood of Teamsters.

The workers criticized Mr. McCain's other policies at earlier tour stops. In
Scranton, curious onlookers watched as the demonstrators, six from Nevada, two
from Illinois and one from Florida, filed out of a gray-and-black bus beside the
federal courthouse along North Washington Avenue.

They marched to the Lackawanna County McCain-Palin Headquarters along Linden
Street. There they criticized the health plan of Mr. McCain, the U.S. senator
from Arizona, and chanted "can't afford four more" years of President Bush's
policies.

The group attacked a key provision of Mr. McCain's strategy, which would replace
the current tax exemption for employer-provided health insurance with tax
credits of $2,500 for individuals and $5,000 for families.

Without the tax break, they say, employers will drop health insurance, pushing
younger, healthy individuals into the private market and forcing them to pay
more for health insurance, which amounts to a "middle-class tax."

"There are people out here suffering without because they either buy their
medication or their food," said Jim Jeske, 60, of Chicago, a county highway
department engineering technician and a member of SEIU Local 73.

Though the presidential candidates' health plans have a few key similarities,
they're radically different overall.

Mr. McCain's initiative lowers costs by relying mainly on individuals and the
free market. Democratic presidential nominee and U.S. Sen. Barack Obama of
Illinois focuses on the government and mandates for affordable coverage.

Mr. McCain opposes mandatory health insurance, favors families choosing their
insurance providers and, if they find insurance cheaper than the tax credit,
letting them deposit funds in bigger health savings accounts.

Mr. Obama would require all children have health insurance, and make employers
provide workers with health benefits or contribute funds toward the costs of a
new public health insurance program. He would expand Medicaid and the State
Children's Health Insurance Plan.

"I just don't know how a single government plan can take into account the
differing medical needs of 300 million people" in America, said Charlie Spano,
manager of the local McCain headquarters and a retired Scranton teacher.

"Paid mobile squads chanting talking points as some kind of incantation seldom
sway people," Mr. Spano added. "The facts of a McCain plan that has affordable
portable health insurance with a tax credit, that's what sways people."

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081003-YT-Demonstrators-say-McCain-would-kill-U-S-health-care-1003

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                                 Copyright 2008


                              889 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday

Barry Soper: One positive from earthquake is call from Donald Trump

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 395 words


The terribly unnerving thing about earthquakes is that when they start you never
know how long they"ll last or if they are going to develop into something very
much worse.

It"s being helpless as the building jolts, sways and creaks that grates. Usually
it doesn"t last long but it always leaves me feeling light headed, which is
probably the result of blood draining from the confused brain.

The other horrible thing about the earth shaking is hearing about it when you
are in another city, although in the case of the 7.5 tidal earth wave, it was
certainly better not to be in Wellington. But it"s the not knowing, although in
your heart of hearts you do know, that your possessions have been hurled around
the place by the unforgiving forces of Mother Nature.

It"s seeing the devastation that"s heart wrenching, the irreplaceable gift from
your late mother lying in pieces on the floor, the heavy, bronze sculpture
snapped from its base, the antique couch leg broken by a flying microwave oven,
the large Chinese cabinet hurled across the room, spilling its contents of
crockery, glassware and liquor across the carpet.

Cleaning up into the small hours of the morning as the frequent aftershocks sway
the 15th-floor apartment at the top of the tower block makes you wonder whether
you"ll be doing this all over again in the morning. After the last big one you
heeded advice and bracketed furniture to the wall but brackets are no match for
the force of the earth rolling below.

But it does make you appreciate that you weren"t asleep in the building when the
big one struck; that would have been totally unnerving.

The opportunistic real estate agent, lingering in the foyer, asking if
apartments are for sale as you lug boxes of broken glass into the rubbish room,
doesn"t help your feeling of uncertainty.

On a positive note the earthquake has opened up a channel of communication
between the Beehive and Trump Tower in New York. President-elect Donald Trump is
expected to talk for the first time to John Key today.

After accepting condolences from the man who"s known Stateside as the
blue-collar billionaire, Key"s not going to give the elephant in the Trump
penthouse free rein. Like a flea in its ear, he"s going to ask The Don to engage
over the Trans Pacific Partnership that he so vehemently attacked on his bitter
campaign.

Now that will be much easier said than done!

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              890 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Baltimore Sun

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday
                                 4Star Edition

Harris poised for bigger House role after election

BYLINE: John Fritze

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1067  words



HIGHLIGHT: Rep. Andy Harris is well positioned to chair the Republican Study
Committee, which would give him sway in uniting conservatives.


WASHINGTON - Rep. Andy Harris wants House Republicans to use an upcoming
debt-ceiling deadline to force more fiscal restraint.

And for the first time in his congressional career, the Baltimore County
lawmaker could have considerable influence to make it happen.

Harris, in his third term in the House, is running to be chairman of the
Republican Study Committee, a 173-member caucus that has worked since the 1970s
to pull the House of Representatives to the right on fiscal and social issues.

If successful - and he is well positioned to win the group's internal election
later this month - he would have considerable sway in stitching together
conservatives who have been divided over the presidential campaign of Donald
Trump.

"I believe it's these House conservatives who are going to redefine what the
word 'conservative' means, and what a Republican is," said Adam Brandon,
president of the conservative group FreedomWorks, which has endorsed Harris for
the chairmanship.

"If nothing else, he's going to start a debate about what the priorities will
be."

Harris, a Johns Hopkins-trained anesthesiologist who won the seat in 2010 in
part by opposing Obamacare, would play a role in unifying conservatives around
Speaker Paul Ryan, who faces an election to retain his leadership.

He would also help decide how the House responds to a Hillary Clinton or Trump
presidency.

And he would have a voice in the debate over the next debt-ceiling increase.
Conservatives have used previous debt-ceiling deadlines to demand fiscal
concessions. Congress will likely have to raise the cap again in March or risk
defaulting on U.S. debt.

Washington approached the brink of default in 2011 and 2013. After Republicans
took most of the blame for the 2013 government shutdown, GOP leaders have rammed
subsequent debt-ceiling increases through the House with less drama.

But if predictions for next week's election hold, and Democrats pick up some
House seats but not enough to secure a majority, the chamber will be led next
year by a smaller, more conservative GOP conference.

That could complicate Ryan's job on must-pass bills and give the Republican
Study Committee more power to exert influence.

"I believe that in this session of Congress, we are going to have to focus on
the economy and financial issues - and the first one that's going to come right
up is the debt ceiling," Harris told The Baltimore Sun.

"The RSC can take a very active role ... in bringing forward the idea to the
American people that you have to actually consider balancing the budget at some
point and paying down the federal debt," he said.

"That's the message that we need to send right at the beginning of this term."

Democrats have said debt-ceiling brinksmanship is reckless - the equivalent of
holding the nation's credit score hostage.

"Right now, [Republicans] can't even pass their own stuff," President Barack
Obama said last week, in arguing for a Democratic Congress. "And all we're going
to see is more gridlock and more obstruction, and more threats to shut down the
government, and more threats to wreck the economy."

Harris, 59, won re-election in 2014 with more than 70 percent of the vote. He
faces Democratic lawyer Joe Werner of Harford County and Libertarian Matt Beers
on Election Day. Werner could not be reached for comment.

Harris represents the state's heavily Republican 1st Congressional District,
which includes the Eastern Shore and portions of Harford, Baltimore and Carroll
counties. He won a spot on the House Appropriations Committee in 2013 and has
taken a leading role in developing health care policy in the House.

The Republican Study Committee chairmanship has sometimes been viewed as a
springboard to leadership. Vice presidential nominee Mike Pence was chairman
from 2005 to 2007. The current House majority whip, Rep. Steve Scalise of
Louisiana, was chairman from 2013 to 2014.

If successful, Harris would serve two years.

Harris, who considered running in 2014 but dropped out after the sudden death of
his wife, is basing his candidacy on the idea that he is best positioned to
unify conservatives. He is a member of the much smaller Freedom Caucus, which
often agrees with the Republican Study Committee on policy but favors a more
aggressive approach in confronting House leaders.

Some Freedom Caucus lawmakers have considered withdrawing from the Republican
Study Committee. But if one of their own becomes chairman, it likely would stem
at least some defections.

Rep. Jim Jordan of Ohio, a founding member of the Freedom Caucus and its current
chairman, and Rep. Bill Flores of Texas, the current chairman of the Republican
Study Committee, wrote in September that Harris' three terms in the House would
"be beneficial to the organization."

Harris faces Rep. Mark Walker, a first-term Republican from North Carolina, who
is not a member of the Freedom Caucus.

"I believe the RSC is best equipped to take our conservative message to new
communities and build bridges across traditional political and cultural
divides," Walker said in a statement. "As chairman, I would strive to promote
effective conservatism by coalescing members around achievable goals and
engaging early and consistently in the legislative process."

Before the Republican Study Committee holds its chairmanship election, House
Republicans are scheduled to vote on whether to give Ryan another term as their
leader. While some conservatives have expressed discontent with Ryan's
performance, it is not clear anyone else wants the job.

Harris, who was at times critical of former Speaker John Boehner, had positive
things to say about Ryan.

"Paul is a good, right-of-center conservative, who has a tough job," he said.

The Republican Study Committee was created in 1973 to serve as the conservative
arm of theHouse Republicans at a time when many on the right felt President
Richard Nixon was steamrolling the caucus.

The committeehas grown considerably since, causing some to question whether it
has strayed from its mission.

Ed Feulner, a founder of the conservative Heritage Foundation, said Harris could
help confront those questions.Feulner,a member of Trump's transition team, was
the committee's executive director during its early days.

Harris "can very much be the bridge between the leadership on the one side and
the ... Freedom Caucus on the other," he said, "bringing everybody back
together."

john.fritze@baltsun.com

twitter.com/jfritze

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 The Baltimore Sun Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 22, 2013 Friday
                                    National

Weighing Costs For the Many Who Hold Sway

BYLINE: By ROSS RAMSEY.

rramsey@texastribune.org

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; THE TEXAS TRIBUNE; Pg. 23A

LENGTH: 714 words


Be careful what you wish for. The closed hearings into the political activities
of a conservative group in Austin are slowly coming into the open.

That obliterates the excuse for not going --the notion that a secret hearing is
a horrible thing and that we would otherwise line up to watch the truly
fascinating inner workings of government.

Actually, we sometimes would. A formal hearing about the alleged lobbying
activities of Empower Texans could clear up some questions, like whether someone
who talks to legislators and gets paid for it should have to register and pay
fees as a result. To pose it the other way: Should the state allow anyone to pay
lobbyists without revealing who the lobbyists are and who is paying them for
their work?

Groping around in the dark did not work on this one, and what had been a
semiprivate matter -- arguably for defensible reasons -- is probably headed for
a public hearing. A related question about the group's electioneering, and
whether a group of individual donors can legally hide their support behind a
corporate veil, is still pending -- in private.

At least this one will be open.

The closed proceeding over a political gadfly's influence on lawmakers -- and
whether it constitutes illegally unreported lobbying or not -- is on its way to
open hearings that could set a precedent.

A couple of lawmakers complained about the group and its leader, Michael Quinn
Sullivan, contending that because of his legislative activities (and his
previous registrations as a lobbyist), he should again register as a lobbyist.
They also complained that he should be required to report details of his
political work. As you might guess, the complaints were from people who found
themselves or their allies targeted by Mr. Sullivan's efforts.

They made their complaints, which otherwise would have been secret, public. The
Texas Ethics Commission called preliminary hearings on the allegations,
informing the parties but not the public.

The idea was to let the commission decide whether something suspicious has been
going on before someone's name was attached to a complaint. Mr. Sullivan and his
lawyers, however, let the world know that the hearings were going on and tried
to get the commission to open them so that the public could hear their side of
the argument.

That did not happen, but the next step was interesting. The ethics commission
suggested a settlement on the lobbying question: Mr. Sullivan would admit no
wrongdoing, pay a $1,000 fine, register as a lobbyist and pay the fees for 2010
and 2011. The reason we know that is because he wrote ''NUTS'' on the settlement
offer and sent it back to the commission, copying reporters and other interested
parties.

As a procedural matter, that response sends it back to the commission, which
will either drop things here -- don't bet on it -- or call a full public hearing
to air the question. The next step from there, if there is one, would be in
district court, where it would all start over again.

The terms might be different, too:

The dark-money question -- whether the donors to Empower Texans should be
revealed -- is still pending, and the commission has not proposed a settlement
or reached any conclusions, at least none that it has shown to Empower Texans or
the public.

This has all the appearance of two political dogs snarling over a bone, but
there's more to it. Empower Texans and its affiliates believe the law lets them
talk to lawmakers without registering as lobbyists and registering as a lobbyist
includes saying who the clients are and what they're paying. They also contend
that the law allows corporations to take part in elections and that nonprofit
corporations like theirs are not compelled to reveal the names of donors just
because they are exercising their political rights.

If those arguments prevailed, it would remake the advocacy business, both at the
legislative and electoral levels. It would be easier to take an unpopular stand
on a public issue without fear of reprisal.

If the complainers prevailed, those who dabbled in politics and lobbying would
have to show their hands at least some of the time. It would be easier for the
Little Red Riding Hoods out there -- the public -- to see when the Big Bad Wolf
was posing as Granny.

Whoever wins, it will be a public fight.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/11/22/us/weighing-costs-for-the-many-who-hold-
sway.html

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              892 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 28, 2012 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Tracking Clicks Online To Try to Sway Voters

BYLINE: By NATASHA SINGER and CHARLES DUHIGG

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Politics; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1338 words


A few weeks ago, Thomas Goddard, a community college student in Santa Clara,
Calif., and a devoted supporter of President Obama, clicked on mittromney.com to
check out the candidate's position on abortion.

Then, as he visited other Web sites, he started seeing advertisements asking him
to donate to Mitt Romney's campaign. One mentioned family values, he said, and
seemed aimed at someone with more conservative leanings.

''It doesn't make any sense,'' Mr. Goddard said. ''I'm the opposite of a Romney
supporter. But ever since I went to the Romney site, they've been following
me.''

One of the hallmarks of this campaign is the use of increasingly sophisticated
-- but not always accurate -- data-mining techniques to customize ads for voters
based on the digital trails they leave as they visit Internet sites.

It is a practice pioneered by online retailers who work with third-party
information resellers to create detailed portraits of consumers, all the better
to show them relevant marketing pitches. Mr. Goddard, for example, may have
received those Romney ads because of ''retargeting'' software designed to show
people ads for certain sites or products they have previously viewed.

Now, in the election's final weeks, both presidential campaigns have drastically
increased their use of such third-party surveillance engines, according to
Evidon, a company that helps businesses and consumers monitor and control
third-party tracking software.

Over the month of September, Evidon identified 76 different tracking programs on
barackobama.com -- two more trackers than it found on Best Buy's Web site --
compared with 53 in May. It found 40 different trackers on mittromney.com last
month, compared with 25 in May.

The report provides a rare glimpse into the number of third-party tracking
programs that are operating on the campaign Web sites -- as many as or more than
on some of the most popular retailers' sites.

The campaigns directly hire some companies, like ad agencies or data management
firms, that marry information collected about voters on a campaign site with
data about them from other sources. But these entities, in turn, may bring their
own software partners to the sites to perform data-mining activities like
retargeting voters or tracking the political links they share with their social
networks.

Now some consumer advocates say the proliferation of these trackers raises the
risk that information about millions of people's political beliefs could spread
to dozens of business-to-business companies whose names many voters have never
even heard. There is growing concern that the campaigns or third-party trackers
may later use that voter data for purposes the public never imagined, like
excluding someone from a job offer based on his or her past political
affiliations.

''Is the data going to be sold to marketers or shared with other campaigns?''
said Christopher Calabrese, the legislative counsel for privacy-related issues
at the American Civil Liberties Union. ''We simply don't know how this
information is going to be used in the future and where it is going to end up.''

Evidon offers a free software program called Ghostery that people can use to
identify third-party trackers on the sites they visit. On Oct. 18 the program
identified 19 different trackers on the Obama Web site and 12 on the Romney
site. A reporter contacted 10 for comment.

Among those who responded, Cassie Piercey, a spokeswoman for ValueClick, whose
MediaPlex marketing analytics division was identified as operating on the Obama
site by Ghostery, said she could not comment on specific clients and referred a
reporter to the company's privacy policy. The policy says that ValueClick may
collect information about users -- like their Internet Protocol addresses, Web
browsing histories, online purchases and searches -- that does not involve
identifiable information like their names, and that the company may share that
data with its clients and marketing partners.

Adam Berke, the president of AdRoll, an advertising and retargeting company
identified by Evidon on the Obama site, said the company did not aggregate user
data or share it with other clients.

Meanwhile, Nanda Kishore, the chief technology officer of ShareThis, a service
found on the Romney site by Ghostery that collects information about the links
visitors share with their social networks, said the company collects only
''anonymous'' information about users and does not share or sell it.

The privacy policies on the campaigns' Web sites acknowledge that they work with
third parties that may collect user data.

Evidon executives said the tracking companies on the campaign sites included
services that collect details about people's online behavior in order to help
mold ads to their political concerns; advertising networks that track people's
browsing history to measure the effectiveness of ads; and companies that record
user behavior so they can analyze the effectiveness of sites to attract and hold
on to Web traffic.

Officials with both campaigns emphasize that such data collection is
''anonymous'' because third-party companies use code numbers, not real names, to
track site visitors.

Adam Fetcher, a spokesman for the Obama campaign, said the Web site does not
allow its partners to share data collected from visitors with other clients or
use it for other purposes like marketing consumer goods.

''We are committed to protecting individual privacy and employ strong safeguards
to protect personal information,'' Mr. Fetcher wrote in an e-mail. ''We do not
provide any personal information to outside entities, and we stipulate that
third-party partners not use data collected on the site for other purposes.''

In response to a reporter's query about whether the Romney site placed
limitations on the collection or use of voter data by its partners, Ryan
Williams, a campaign spokesman, wrote in an e-mail: ''The Romney campaign
respects the privacy rights of all Americans. We are committed to ensuring that
all of our voter outreach is governed by the highest ethical standards.''

Evidon compiled the statistics on campaign tracking by aggregating data from a
panel of about seven million volunteers who use its Ghostery program.

From May to September, Evidon identified 97 tracking programs -- ''far more than
the average site employs,'' a company report said -- on the Obama and Romney
sites combined. (Some trackers appeared on both sites.)

The campaigns' increased use of tracking technology represents ''a significant
windfall for online data collectors and ad targeting companies,'' Andy Kahl, the
director of consumer products at Evidon, wrote in the report. But, he added,
''the campaigns need to realize that being on top of which technology partners
are appearing on their site, and ensuring clarity into what these partners can
and can't do with the data, is essential.''

Industry executives say the campaigns simply use data-mining to show the most
relevant message to each voter.

''Political campaigns now for the first time can actually reach out to
prospective voters with messaging that addresses each person's specific
interests and causes,'' according to a recent report from the Interactive
Advertising Bureau, a trade group.

But privacy advocates say such personalization raises questions about
transparency.

''Individual voters may not be aware that the message they are getting is based
on information that has been gleaned about their activities around the Web and
is precisely targeted to them,'' said Mr. Calabrese of the A.C.L.U. ''It may be
a private message just for me that is not the type of statement the campaign
makes publicly.''

While some voters may be turned off by the customized campaign appeals, for
others, they are expected.

''Companies are doing it, why shouldn't campaigns?'' said Michael James, a New
Jersey high school teacher who visited both campaign sites this year to
determine whom he would support. ''The Internet has changed privacy. We can't
expect either campaign to pretend we're living in the past.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/28/us/politics/tracking-clicks-online-to-try-to-
sway-voters.html

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Thomas Goddard,  left, of Santa Clara,  Calif., says online ads
for Mitt Romney have  continued to appear  since he visited the  candidate's Web
site.  A program called  Ghostery shows the  tracking software at  the campaign
sites of  President Obama and  Mr. Romney, top. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JASON HENRY FOR
THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A19)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              893 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                    October 17, 2004 Sunday ST. PAUL EDITION

UNDECIDED VOTERS
HERE'S WHAT FOUR UNDECIDED VOTERS SAY THEY'RE LOOKING FOR DURING THE FINAL WEEKS
OF THE PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN.

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A25

LENGTH: 420 words


Ryan Brase

Age: 27

Home: Minneapolis

Occupation: Software designer

Choice in 2000 presidential election: Libertarian candidate Harry Brown

Top concerns: Civil liberties and the Patriot Act

"I'm watching the polls ... waiting to see if my vote actually matters in the
Republican-Democrat balance. I've never been in a position where my vote
actually mattered ... but if I need to I will vote for the Democrats.

"Otherwise, I'll vote third party, where my heart is."

Dick Chaffee

Age: 61

Home: Austin

Occupation: Businessman

Choice in the 2000 presidential election: George W. Bush

Top concerns: Health care, job creation, energy costs

"You have to come up with some kind of conclusion at some point or you won't
vote. If I would say I wasn't leaning right, I wouldn't be telling the truth.

"But until I go into that booth ... it could go either way. ... Kerry has been
hitting all the right buttons ... I guess people have to realize that government
can't be everything to everyone. I'm in favor of giving everything to everyone,
but I don't know that we can do that logically."

Kyle Marinkovich

Age: 29

Occupation: Business student

Home: Minneapolis

Voted for in 2000: Libertarian candidate Harry Brown

Top concerns: International policy

"I have a feeling ... something is going to happen between now and the election
... one of the two candidates will do something. I'm not waiting for them to say
anything special. But, if nothing happens to sway me in one direction or the
other, I would have to look at the independent candidates.

"If George Bush could answer the questions about the Supreme Court, that would
sway me. I want to make sure he's not going to put a super-conservative justice
on. The super-conservative morality, that scares me.

"If John Kerry could answer, what's your plan for Iraq? What's your plan for the
war on terror? That would make a difference. I feel like he's been a little
vague."

Francine Tolbert

Age: 19

Home: Maplewood

Occupation: Student

Choice in 2000 presidential election: didn't vote (too young)

Top concerns: Education and homeland security

"I'm still just trying to look at each person's side and see what fits my
interests the best. I'm not particularly pleased with either candidate, but I
have to get out there and do my civic duty and vote.

"At this point, I don't think any particular thing anyone could do right now
would sway my vote. I've heard what they have to say and where they stand, so I
have to just weigh my options."

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Pioneer Politics

                     Copyright 2004 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (New York)

                              April 4, 2004 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

PENN. IS MIGHTY FOR KERRY Keystone State win essential

BYLINE: BY HELEN KENNEDY DAILY NEWS WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 565 words


WASHINGTON - For John Kerry, the road to Pennsylvania Ave. goes straight through
Pennsylvania.

The aptly named Keystone State is one of a handful that will decide the 2004
election. While President Bush can afford to lose the state, Kerry cannot
realistically win without its 21 electoral votes.

In the bloody-knuckled battle for Pennsylvania, the Massachusetts senator may
have a potent weapon: his wife.

Teresa Heinz Kerry was married for decades to Republican Sen. John Heinz of
Pittsburgh and inherited his ketchup-and-condiments-empire millions - and much
of his popularity - when he was killed in a 1991 plane crash.

A longtime and vocal Pittsburgh booster, she has been dubbed "St. Teresa" for
her charity work in Pennsylvania.

"Teresa is a force," said leading state Republican operative James Baumbach.
"Her late husband was pretty revered, even more so after the tragic way he
died."

While sometimes given to making impolitic comments to reporters, Heinz Kerry
proved herself an adept and tireless campaigner in Iowa and New Hampshire. On
her home turf, she is liable to sway a decent number of votes.

Even a percentage point or two could be decisive in what looks to be another
squeaker of an election.

Kerry has spent more money on ads in Pennsylvania than in any other state so
far, hoping to squeeze out a narrow victory on the order of Al Gore's in 2000.

Bush, meanwhile, is determined to block Kerry and has made more campaign stops
in Pennsylvania than in any other state.

Trying to put a good face on things, Democrats said Bush's visits hurt him
because he always talks up the economy in a state that is feeling battered.

"The President is our best campaigner," said Pennsylvania Democratic Party head
Don Morabito. "We calculate he's losing 100,000 votes each time he comes here.
On the issues he chooses to emphasize when he comes here, our reality is very
different."

Pennsylvania has lost 130,000 jobs under Bush and polls show that the state
economy - especially in the all-important Philadelphia suburbs - is the voters'
chief concern.

"This is an unusually sensitive state to economic indicators, particularly
employment," said Terry Madonna, director of the Keystone Poll. "People think
the state is moving in a wrong direction, and that's not a good sign for any
incumbent."

Right now, however, the battle is being fought on the airwaves and the President
is winning big.

Pennsylvania TV viewers have been barraged by nearly 4,000 ads in just the last
three weeks, according to Wisconsin experts who track ad spending.

In those three weeks, Bush spent $2.2 million on 2,007 spots in Pennsylvania.
The only place he spent more money was Florida.

Kerry, who has far less money, spent $235,000 on 484 ads in Pennsylvania, but
was bolstered by liberal groups who anted up $1.5 million to air 1,367 anti-Bush
ads.

The Bush ads painting Kerry as an unprincipled, flip-flopping tax-hiker are
working dramatically well. Last month, the Keystone Poll had Kerry and Bush neck
and neck at 47% to 46%. This month, Bush remained steady at 46% but Kerry slid
seven percentage points to 40%.

"The Bush people began to define Kerry in Pennsylvania before he was able to
define himself nationally," Madonna said. "But those people went to undecided.
Bush was unable to move his own numbers."

Most experts predict Kerry's numbers will bounce back by Election Day, keeping
the state a critical tossup.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP PHOTOS BOOSTER Sen. John Kerry's wife, Teresa Heinz Kerry, could
sway voters in Pennsylvania, where her late husband, John Heinz, was revered as
senator (right, the Heinzes in 1976).

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              895 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 13, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Do you think it's a good idea for more triple trailers to be on the road?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 361 words


Vic Schell, 39
Auto mechanic
Billings, Mont.

I'm pretty comfortable with those triple trailers. Montana has the longest
interstate in the USA, so you see trailers all the time. Once drivers are within
the speed limit, I don't think triple trailers are a problem. I've witnessed a
few of them speeding, and that can be pretty scary. Otherwise, I can live with
them.

Joan Claybrook, 54
Highway safety group
Washington, D.C.

Triple trailers should be banned from highways. They are truck-trains that
threaten the lives of motorists on the highway and destroy our bridges and
highways permanently. They are hard to control, sway as much as two feet, have
lousy brakes, jackknife, and mash over other vehicles when they crash.

Brent Strand, 23
Farmer
Enderlin, N.D.
I have no problems with triple trailers. They provide a good service -
transporting food across the USA. I see them all the time. They can be pretty
intimidating, but if other drivers are comfortable with their driving abilities,
there shouldn't be a problem. Triple trailers should not be banned.

Lewis King, 65
Meeting planner
Birmingham, Ala.

My work requires that I do a lot of travel. So, I've learned to live with the
double trailers. But the triple! No way. I have a problem with them. I pass them
as quickly as I can. If you have ever seen how their second and third units
sway, you know they are dangerous. They don't need to be that long.

Bobette S. Jones, 47
Entrepreneur
Seattle, Wash.
You see a lot of those huge trucks in Oregon, especially at nights. They are
frightening to be on the road with. It's like driving beside a railroad train. I
would prefer if they are not on the road. I've heard that there are some trucks
that are larger than triple trailers. That's very terrifying.

Carolyn Cashaw, 39
Education manager
Dallas, Texas
If you are unfortunate enough to get alongside even a regular truck, you feel
like you're going to get caught in the wheels. I was once driving in front of
one of the triples and I felt like I was going to be run off the road. The
driver was blowing his horn and I went off at an exit to avoid being run over.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS; b/w (6)

TYPE: Debate; Voices

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                              896 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

PORT AUTHORITY DRIVERS HELD FOR TRIAL IN CRASH;
PROSECUTION TARGETS 'HORSEPLAY'; DEFENSE SAYS BUS WAS DEFECTIVE

BYLINE: Liz Navratil, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 896 words


Karen Marchetti was driving Sept. 22 on Interstate 279 in the Summer Hill part
of Pittsburgh's North Side when she spotted two Port Authority buses ahead of
her, one red and one green.

"I noticed that they were swaying back and forth in their respective lanes," Ms.
Marchetti said Friday in court, adding that at one point she thought they were
"jockeying" for the front-most position.

Ms. Marchetti increased the distance between her and the buses as she noticed
the backs of them swaying. Then the buses collided, she said.

"It wasn't a light touch, and it wasn't a hard bang," she said.

The green bus, which officials said 46-year-old Juliann Maier of Ross was
driving, veered off the right side of the road, through a guardrail and down an
embankment.

The prosecution argued that Ms. Marchetti's testimony and that of five others
showed that Ms. Maier and fellow Port Authority driver Thomas Frauens, 56, of
Brookline were horseplaying on the highway.

Defense attorneys, however, argued that it showed that Ms. Maier's bus had a
"catastrophic failure" that caused the crash.

"I cannot wait for trial in this case," said Ms. Maier's defense attorney, Joel
Sansone, after a sometimes tense, four-hour preliminary hearing at which both
drivers were ordered to stand trial on charges of recklessly endangering others,
careless and reckless driving and other driving violations.

Mr. Frauens also has been charged with leaving the scene of the crash and
failing to properly report it, a notion his defense attorney unsuccessfully
tried to fight by noting that Mr. Frauens didn't think his bus had been involved
in the crash.

Both drivers remained on paid leave Friday pending the outcome of the internal
and criminal investigation, according to a Port Authority spokesman.

During the hearing before District Judge Eugene Ricciardi, Ms. Maier, who
sometimes used a cane as a result of injures from the crash, and Mr. Frauens
occasionally shook their heads back and forth, disagreeing with statements by
the prosecutor and police officers.

Much of the hearing revolved around the testimony of the lead investigator, Port
Authority Officer Matt Geffel, and surveillance video taken from the bus Mr.
Frauens drove that day.

Officer Geffel and assistant district attorney Brian Catanzarite focused on
three moments when Mr. Frauens' right hand left the steering wheel.

The first time, he appeared to wave as his bus, which was in the left lane,
approached Ms. Maier's bus from behind.

The second time, he lifted his hand in the air again as his bus was nearing the
driver's seat of Ms. Maier's bus at a speed of about 64.8 mph, according to a
tracking device in the bus, police said. Officer Geffel described the motion as
a "buggy-whip," noting that Mr. Frauens' hand was raised near his head and
moving back and forth. The defense objected.

Mr. Frauens' right hand left the wheel a third time, when Ms. Maier's bus was
out of view of that surveillance camera.

Mr. Catanzarite later argued that Mr. Frauens' hand motions, combined with the
back-and-forth motions of the buses, were clear evidence of "horseplay."

The video, however, does not clearly show whether Ms. Maier saw Mr. Frauens, the
defense and an officer said.

"There is no evidence that my client did anything on purpose or that Tom Frauens
did anything on purpose to put anybody in danger," Mr. Sansone said after the
hearing. "What kind of an idiot would try to play tag with a bus like that?"

Mr. Sansone asked during the hearing about the sway bar on his client's bus.

He entered into evidence a photograph that a defense expert took that he said
shows the sway bar was broken.

Pittsburgh police Officer Ryan Carr, who examined the bus at the Port
Authority's request three days after the crash, said the sway bar was not broken
when he looked at it.

Mr. Sansone also highlighted the testimony of Port Authority instructor Sascha
Craig, who was asked to drive Mr. Frauens' bus after the crash.

A Port Authority employee, whom police accompanied, sat in the back of the bus
and asked him to signal when he reached 55 mph. When Mr. Craig reached 55 mph,
someone in the back told him that their GPS system showed the bus was actually
traveling at 59 mph, Mr. Craig said.

Tensions continued to run high after the hearing.

Mr. Frauens' attorney, Bruce Carsia, said he was "disappointed that the charges
of leaving the scene of an accident were held for court," noting that his client
stopped for a few minutes before leaving the scene and talked to an employee in
the Port Authority's traffic division.

Officer Geffel said phone records, 911 call recordings and traffic center
recordings did not reflect any calls by Mr. Frauens.

Mr. Sansone called the prosecution's evidence "baloney" and said, "My client
ought to be apologized to, and the district attorney ought to turn in his badge,
and he ought to leave office because he doesn't know what he's doing."

Mike Manko, spokesman for Allegheny County district attorney Stephen A. Zappala
Jr., issued a statement Friday afternoon calling the crash a "very serious
matter."

"These two defendants endangered a significant number of innocent people. If the
second bus had lost control and impacted oncoming traffic, the results could
have been catastrophic," he said. "As for the professional conduct of a
defendant's attorney, any issues arising from such conduct will be dealt with in
the proper forum."

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Liz Navratil: lnavratil@post-gazette.com, 412-263-1438 or on Twitter
@LizNavratil.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Darrell Sapp/Post-Gazette: Juliann Maier
PHOTO: Darrell Sapp/Post-Gazette: Thomas Frauens

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              897 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Secretary of State nod irks Republicans; Controversial pick: selection of Exxon
chief could be early test for Trump's sway over Congress

BYLINE: Erica Werner, The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 462 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Donald Trump is inviting a clash in a narrowly divided Senate by selecting Exxon
Mobile chief Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State despite well-publicized
concerns from several Republican senators over his ties to Russia.

The likely confirmation fight could be an early test of Trump's sway over
Congress, and demonstrate how much appetite there is among Republicans to stand
up to their president.

For now, three Republican senators have publicly voiced concerns about the
Tillerson nomination: Sens. John McCain of Arizona, Lindsey Graham of South
Carolina and Marco Rubio of Florida.

All have cited the Exxon Mobil executive's history of making deals in Russia and
his close ties with Vladimir Putin, which include opposing sanctions sought by
the U.S. and Europe against Russia after it invaded Crimea.

"While Rex Tillerson is a respected businessman, I have serious concerns about
his nomination. The next secretary of state must be someone who views the world
with moral clarity, is free of potential conflicts of interest, has a clear
sense of America's interests, and will be a forceful advocate for America's
foreign policy goals," Rubio said.

Tillerson's involvement in Russia dates back to 1998, when he was head of Exxon
Neftegas Limited, which was in charge of an oil and gas project off the coast of
Siberia.

The huge project put Tillerson in line to become the Exxon's vice-president,
president and eventually chairman and chief executive officer.

At various times, Tillerson has criticized the U.S. sanctions against Russia.

At ExxonMobil's 2014 annual meeting, he said, "We do not support sanctions,
generally, because we don't find them to be effective unless they are very well
implemented comprehensively, and that's a very hard thing to do."

Tillerson's appointment comes in the middle of a separate but related
controversy over Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential campaign through
hacking and other means.

"There are a number of senators who are hot to trot on the Russia issue, period.
When you create a nexus between your State Department nominee and Russia, you've
put it on steroids," one senior GOP Senate staffer said.

"The fact that members are even wrestling with this does not bode well for his
nomination."

Graham said he expects "U.S.-Russia relations to be front-and-centre in his
confirmation process."

Trump made a second controversial appointment Tuesday, naming former Texas
governor Rick Perry to lead the Energy Department, an agency whose name he
forgot during a presidential debate even as he vowed to abolish it.

Perry is likely to shift the department away from renewable energy and toward
fossil fuels, whose production he championed while serving as governor for 14
years. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Files; President-elect Donald Trump selected Exxon
Mobile chief Rex Tillerson, left, as his nominee for Secretary of State, despite
his ties to Russia and its president, Vladimir Putin.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Vancouver Province
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

RACE PAC-ERS Group spending big bucks to sway Council contests

BYLINE: BY REUVEN BLAU, IRVING DeJOHN and DENIS SLATTERY NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: BRONX BORO NEWS; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 569 words


A POLITICAL action committee with ties to powerful real estate interests is
using big money to sway City Council races, according to some candidates.

The group, known as Jobs for New York, has paid out more than $1.3 million to
influence 17 local races this election cycle.

And with more than $6 million still in its coffers, the collection of
developers, property owners and construction giants headed by mega builder Rob
Speyer and Real Estate Board of New York President Steven Spinola appears set to
continue flexing its muscle this primary season.

"It's disgusting that this is happening," said Jaron Benjamin, executive dirctor
of the Met Council on Housing.

Political action committees are permitted to spend unlimited funds on behalf of
a candidate, so long as there there is no coordinated effort between the PAC and
the campaign.

Ever since the Supreme Court rewrote the rules for campaign donations with its
Citizens United ruling, in 2010, such political groups have exerted an increased
influence.

Still, the spending that's on display this year marks a first for New York City
Council contests and other local races.

Critics contend it's just a way for developers to grease the wheels for future
real-estate deals.

Jobs for New York, which has endorsed 17 candidates citywide, also has the
backing of several development-minded construction unions.

Benjamin and others say that candidates like Bronx Assemblywoman Vanessa Gibson,
running to replace term-limited Helen Foster (D-Morrisania), should decline the
contributions and shun the group's support.

"For her to not denounce it, it gives me pause," Benjamin said of Gibson - whose
race has benefited from $123,000 spent in her behalf by Jobs for New York, well
more than the $78,000 she raised in private donations, according to the Campaign
Finance Board.

Gibson's campaign staff did not respond to two requests for a comment.

In Queens, the real estate money has revved up the race to succeed disgraced
Republican Dan Halloran in Whitestone.

"Big-money developers are trying to take over our neighborhoods," charged
candidate Austin Shafran.

Jobs for New York has spent $113,000 in support of Shafran's well-connected
rival, Paul Vallone.

Vallone spokesman Austin Finan said the lawyer has run an "inclusive,
independent campaign."

"The talk about outside spending - something which candidates have absolutely no
control over - is merely a distraction from the issues that matter to everyday
folks," he added.

Other candidates have found it harder to ignore the critics.

Two Brooklyn City Hall hopefuls have made the move to distance themselves from
the PAC since they started catching some heat from locals.

Laurie Cumbo, who's looking to replace term-limited Brooklyn City Councilwoman
Letitia James (D-Crown Heights), swore off the group last month, but only after
it had poured $80,000 into campaign literature for her bid.

The developers also rolled their dough in support of Council candidate Kirsten
John Foy, who is looking to replace Councilman Al Vann (D-Bedford-Stuyvesant).

On Wednesday, Foy formally cut ties with the PAC, which has doled out $36,000 in
support of his run.

A representative for Jobs for New York declined to comment, even as tenants
rights group continued blasting the group.

"It's a front for a group for millionaire developers who are exploiting
loopholes in our campaign finance laws," said Michael McKee, the treasurer of
Tenants PAC.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jobs for New York has poured in money into Assemblywoman Vanessa
Gibson's (r.) campaign, while Laurie Cumbo has distanced herself from group.
Photos by Alfred Giancarli, Julia Xanthos/News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Daily News, L.P.


                              899 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Ameren overearnings complaint fails to sway Missouri regulators (print only)

BYLINE:  By Jacob Barker jbarker@post-dispatch.com 314-340-8291

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 709 words


Ameren Missouri customers won't be seeing lower bills anytime soon after an
overearnings complaint from its largest customer failed to sway state utility
regulators.

In a hearing Wednesday, Missouri Public Service Commissioners said they did not
agree with an overearnings complaint filed by Noranda Aluminum, which had
accused the utility of making $50 million in excess profits during 2013. That
could have led to lower bills for Ameren customers, who have seen electric bills
rise by about 40 percent since 2006.

While the PSC still must issue a final ruling, all five commissioners said
Noranda did not convince them that Ameren was consistently earning significantly
above the profit level they set.

"I don't believe (Noranda) did prove that Ameren's rates were unjust and
unreasonable," Commissioner Stephen Stoll said.

Noranda and consumer groups had contended that Ameren has been consistently
overearning. They also argued its allowed return on equity, or profit, was too
high. While the PSC staff agreed that Ameren appeared to have earned about $25
million above its authorized return last year, it maintained that a more
comprehensive study was needed first.

PSC commissioners agreed, saying that the evidence showed there were periods of
underearnings as well as overearnings and that the complaint did not account for
future capital spending that would reduce its profit.

"This system envisions that revenues, expenses and profits will fluctuate,
sometimes significantly ... but will even out over time," Commissioner Daniel
Hall said.

The PSC ruling against Noranda is the second loss at the commission this year
for the Missouri aluminum smelter, which also sought to lower its own rates with
a concurrent PSC action filed in February.

However, the commission denied Noranda's rate request last month, and the
smelter said last week it would lay off 125 to 200 people over the next six
months as a result.

Noranda filed the overearnings complaint at the same time, which won the support
of consumer groups that regularly fight against higher rates.

In July, Ameren Missouri filed a request for a $264 million general rate
increase, a nearly yearlong process that triggers a comprehensive audit of the
utility's costs and expenses. That will give the commission a more complete
picture of the utility's earnings.

"I think at that point we'll be able to come to a better idea and find out if a
full-scale overearnings investigation needs to take place," Commissioner William
Kenney said Wednesday.

But consumer groups contend the periodic "surveillance reports" that formed the
basis of their complaint were ample evidence Ameren is overearning.

"The evidence for overearning is there," said Joan Bray, executive director of
the Consumers Council of Missouri. "It seems to me like the utility should have
come to the commission and explain why they're not overearning."

The quarterly surveillance reports look at annualized earnings over the past 12
months and report a return on equity, or profit, expressed as a percentage. But
those reports aren't public unless the PSC decides to declassify them.

The PSC did just that with the reports used in Noranda's initial argument, which
showed the utility was earning a return on equity above its authorized level.
Ameren and the PSC staff have contended that a utility's returns fluctuate, but
surveillance reports from December 2013 and March 2014 also show earnings above
the PSC-authorized return.

The most recent report, in March, showed the utility made about $37 million more
than authorized during the prior 12 months, according to documents filed with
the PSC. Declassified surveillance reports since June 2012 have all indicated
Ameren has earned in excess of the PSC-authorized return.

"We're hoping regulation will work both ways with the same effectiveness (as an
Ameren-initiated rate case), said John Coffman, a former Missouri Public Counsel
and an attorney who represents the Consumers Council and the AARP. "Maybe the
biggest problem in our mind is the fact that we have to fight to even make this
information public."

Noranda filed on Tuesday a motion to declassify the June surveillance report. It
and Ameren Missouri declined to comment because the commission has not yet
issued a final order.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Ameren headquarters in St. Louis. Photo courtesy of Ameren.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             June 3, 2010 Thursday

Perdue considers texting ban for drivers;
And he says a flood of e-mails or phone calls won't sway him.

BYLINE: WALTER C. JONES

SECTION: Pg. B-2

LENGTH: 377 words


ATLANTA - A flood of e-mails isn't likely to sway Gov. Sonny Perdue to sign a
statewide ban on texting for drivers, he said Wednesday. Presumably, they
weren't sent from behind the wheel.

After signing a transportation bill, Perdue said he hadn't decided whether to
sign or veto the texting ban passed in this year's session of the General
Assembly. Plenty of people are offering him advice - roughly 1,000 people across
the state have urged that he sign it.

"While I believe in a representative government, at this stage of the game, the
influx of e-mails or flooding of phone [calls] doesn't really matter. We weigh
the balance of the law on this last vote, whether those benefits of the law will
outweigh those negatives of the law," he said. "And that's what we'll continue
to do, and we'll make a decision by the end of the week."

Governors have 40 days after the end of each year's session to sign or veto
bills passed, otherwise they'll become law without a signature. That deadline
falls on Tuesday.

Senate Bill 360 would impose a $150 fine and one point against the driving
record for anyone operating a vehicle while reading or sending e-mails, instant
messages or the Internet - even at a stop light. Another bill would outlaw
cell-phone use while driving completely for drivers under age 18.

Rep. Allen Peake, R-Macon, pushed the two bills banning texting all session long
and has continued to lobby Perdue behind the scenes. He was at Wednesday's
bill-signing ceremony and said he didn't instigate the e-mail campaign but he
didn't discourage it either.

"The people contacted me, and I said, 'You're a concerned citizen, and you can
exercise your right however you choose to do it,'" he said.

Perdue worries how police would enforce a ban on reading from electronic devices
when cell-phone calls and navigation devices would remain legal. Plus, reading a
printout of those same e-mails while driving would also be legal, he noted.

Peake compared those concerns to doubts about enforcement of the seat belt law
and restrictions on beginning drivers when those measures were originally
debated. Still, he remains confident.

"Listen, he's a smart guy," he said of Perdue. "He'll make a smart decision, so
I trust his judgment."

walter.jones@morris.com, (404) 589-8424

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Florida Times-Union


                              901 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              July 22, 2016 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Roving candy, cookie towers: How supermarkets sway shoppers

BYLINE:  By Candice Choi Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 851 words


NEW YORK - Up and down supermarket aisles, tranquil rows of perfectly placed
products reflect calculated deliberations aimed at getting shoppers to spend
more.

Take cereal. Research published in the Journal of Environment and Behavior found
that kids' cereals tended to be placed on lower shelves where they are more
eye-level with children. It's just one example of the tactics food companies and
supermarkets use to sway what people put in their carts.

Here are some others:

Migrating candy

The perimeter of the supermarket is considered prime real estate, with health
experts regularly urging people to stick to the sections where they can find
fresh produce, meat and dairy products.

Now, candy and cake mixes are migrating to the outer loop as well.

Regional grocery chain Winn-Dixie experimented in late 2014 with revamping the
candy aisle to address declining sales for those items and others generally
located in the center aisles. The project was developed with Hershey and shifted
bags of candy and chocolate in colorful displays to the front of the store by
the checkout, where they would be harder to avoid and could tempt impulse
buying.

Winn-Dixie has since ended that program, but its parent company Southeastern
Grocers didn't give up on the concept. After a test this year, the company
started putting "buy one, get one free" bins in highly trafficked areas to
showcase products often found in the center of store, like cake mixes and dinner
kits.

Hershey also says other stores have adopted elements of the Winn-Dixie test. The
chocolate maker says stand-alone displays with its Reese's and Kisses products
are in nearly 900 U.S. stores across a variety of retailers including
supermarkets, with plans to introduce similar concepts later this year in
additional stores.

It's not just chocolate that's migrating. Kellogg ran a program this year with
Meijer supermarkets to place cereal in the produce section. The company said it
is "evaluating opportunities" following the test.

Art of the sale

If there's a tower of cookie packages on sale, it's unlikely to be because the
supermarket miscalculated the demand for Chips Ahoy that week. Promotional
displays and discounting in stores are often funded by suppliers like Oreo
cookie maker Mondelez or PepsiCo's Frito-Lay.

If you think you're immune to such tactics, consider what happens when they're
curbed.

General Mills, which makes Cheerios and Nature Valley granola bars, said last
month its sales were hurt by Wal-Mart's decision to scale back on in-store
displays. ConAgra, which makes Banquet and Healthy Choice frozen meals, also
said its sales were pinched by its decision to tighten "trade spending," the
industry term for such in-store promotions.

Manufacturers can have tortured relationships with trade spending. Some say it's
an unhealthy way to goose sales because it trains shoppers to buy only when
products are discounted. Marketers worry that constant sales may cheapen the
brand images they work so hard to cultivate.

Yet the numbers suggest the tactics are tough to quit.

Kroger, the nation's largest traditional supermarket operator, last year
reported $7.3 billion in "vendor allowances," which the company said is
primarily from trade spending. That's up from $6.9 billion in 2014, and $6.2
billion the previous year.

Shelf strategy

Even in the less-popular center aisles, the way items are positioned is
carefully choreographed.

Companies like Coca-Cola invest considerable resources in studying how to boost
sales, and are eager to offer advice to help their supermarket clients optimize
shelf arrangements. The idea is that their suggestions help lift the entire
category's sales - but companies obviously have an interest in prominently
featuring their own products.

Smaller grocers might rely heavily on major suppliers for such guidance, while
bigger retailers tend to have plenty of their own research. Ahold, the parent
company of Stop & Shop supermarkets, says the final determination for a
product's spot on a shelf is made by its own category managers, who consider
recommendations from vendors.

TABS Analytics, a consulting firm, said it had recommended that Sam's Club
cluster products regularly used by senior citizens, like incontinence and
digestive products. The firm's research suggested that doing so could boost
sales.

Sam's Club said it wasn't aware of having incorporated any of those suggestions,
which TABS Analytics CEO Kurt Jetta said were part of its consulting for the
health and beauty category more broadly and provided on behalf of Unilever, a
Sam's Club supplier.

Of course, products have to get onto the shelf in the first place. To introduce
a new frozen item at a national chain, a company might pay a "slotting fee" of
around $100,000, Jetta said.

Kroger says it has "moved away" from charging slotting fees, and that they
represent a "negligible" part of the vendor allowances it reports.

While slotting fees seem to stack the deck against smaller companies trying to
break into an industry, Jetta thinks they are generally fair because of the
potential payoff that comes with being sold at a major retailer.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  In this Dec. 14, 2010, file photo, Alicia Ortiz shops through the
cereal aisle as her daughter Aaliyah Garcia catches a short nap in the shopping
cart at a Family Dollar store in Waco, Texas. Up and down supermarket aisles,
rows of perfectly placed products reflect calculated deliberations aimed at
getting shoppers to spend more. Take cereal, for example. Research published in
the Journal of Environment and Behavior found that kids' cereals tended to be
placed on lower shelves where they are more eye-level with children. It's just
one example of the tactics food companies and supermarkets use to sway what
people put in their carts. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        North Shore Times (New Zealand)

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday

Chance to learn hula

SECTION: NEWS; GENERAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 193 words


Mastering the art of the Hawaiian hula is quite a talent.

Young people between the ages of 13 to 17 years old are being offered the chance
to prefect the traditional dance with a free programme run by Pasifika Sway
Trust.

Over the course of four weeks the programme will run two days per week from
February 13 at Corban Estate Arts Centre in Henderson.

The Avondale-based trust runs a Hawaiian hula school, named Halau Ka Waikahe
Lani Malie or Peaceful Heavenly Flowing Waters School.

Award-winning international artist Blaine Kamalani Kia from Oahu, Hawaii, who
appeared on the television show Radar Across the Pacific, will be sharing his
skills.

Trust director Aruna Po-Ching sees the potential of growing the Hawaiian hula in
Auckland.

Po-Ching taught the dance at St Dominic's College and Massey High School.

Last year, St Dominic's College was the first college in ASB Polyfest's history
to represent Hawaii on the Diversity Stage.

Pasifika Sway Trust will also be offering Hawaiian and Samoan classes to
children and seniors on Monday and Friday afternoons at the New Lynn RSA.

Email Stephanie Smith at steffi.smith89@gmail.com for more information on
programmes.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            October 22, 2012 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Foreign policy significant in Florida debate; Analysis When U.S. President
Barack Obama and challenger Mitt Romney faceoff Monday, their positions on this
issue could decide the election, William Marsden reports

BYLINE: William Marsden, Postmedia News

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 712 words

DATELINE: BOCA RATON AND FLA.


Foreign policy was not supposed to be a vital issue in this election, but with
the race to the White House in such a dead heat, no candidate can afford a
misstep that could swing even a thousand voters during Monday's third and final
presidential debate.

The fact that Monday's foreign-policy debate is in the critical battleground
state of Florida creates added significance. U.S. President Barack Obama and
Republican challenger Mitt Romney will have to tread lightly across a
demographic that is both diverse and demanding - and very likely holds the key
to victory.

"This race is so close, there are so few undecided voters, the polls are so even
that from here on I think every handshake matters, every debate performance
matters, everything matters," said Prof. Robert Watson, a veteran historian of
Florida politics at Lynn University.

While both candidates desperately need this state, Romney, in particular, needs
Florida's 29 electoral votes if he is going to have any chance of taking the
White House because the other two states with the most electoral votes - New
York and California - are firmly in Obama's camp.

The state's demographics, which include veterans, retirees, a large black and
Latino population as well as a sizable Jewish community, mirror that of the
United States as a whole.

"So we have emerged not only as the most important swing state but also the
major bellwether state where candidates can kind of test their message and see
how they are running with every major demographic that they want to target,"
Watson said. "We always say the road to the White House runs through Florida but
it literally does with the debate at Lynn University."

Watson holds about three town hall meetings a week during the election as he
surveys voter trends in the state. In his most recent meeting, he met with about
12 voters in nearby Delray Beach to discuss foreign policy. Three of the four
Jewish voters said that Israel was their No. 1 issue. One of the voters said,
""Israel, Israel, Israel are my three top issues and Obama is a Muslim."

"What do you do," Watson asked, referring to the inaccurate reference to Obama,
who is a Christian. "It is what it is."

He notes that the Jewish community, which voted 78 per cent for Obama in 2008,
is crucial for the Democrats. While they represent only 3.5 per cent of
registered voters, the fact that they come out in big numbers compared with the
black or Latino communities increases their percentage to eight.

Florida is said to be a southern state in the north and a northern state in the
south. The middle is agrarian like the Midwest. The Democrats' main stronghold
is in the heavily-populated southeast from Miami up along the Atlantic coast on
I-95 past the cities of Fort Lauderdale and Boca Raton to the I-4 east-west
corridor that slices the state in half. Democrats have to score big there in
order to take the state, Watson said.

A plethora of major foreign policy/national security issues confronts the
candidates, including the Arab spring, the Syrian civil war, the assassination
of an American ambassador in Libya, Syrian-Turkish border clashes, China trading
practices, Russia and a nuclear Iran. Any one of these could blow up in the
final two weeks and a major gaffe Monday night could sink a candidate.

"It doesn't have to sway many voters," Watson said. "If it only sways maybe a
few thousand voters in two key counties in a swing state, that could be a
factor. So do I think this debate matters? I think it absolutely is a key
moment."

Moderator Bob Schief-fer, host of the CBS political roundtable Face the Nation,
will be posing questions on six different foreign policy themes.

As in the first debate, the candidates will have two minutes to respond followed
by 15 minutes of discussion. He has not made public his questions, but the
themes will concentrate on the Middle East, trade, China and the U.S. role in
the world.

Romney started the campaign with a clumsy trip to Europe during which he managed
to insult Britain by saying that it wasn't ready for the Olympics.

But the assassination of American Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other
Americans in Benghazi, Libya, gave him the issue he needed to attack Obama on
what he calls Obama's lack of leadership on national security issues.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                  September 21, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

Firestone Redesigned Tires in 1998; Change to Reduce Tread Separation Was
Routine Improvement, Firm Says

James V. Grimaldi; Cindy Skrzycki, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 1245 words


Bridgestone/Firestone Inc., which had said previously it was unaware of any
defects in millions of its tires until last month, changed the design of all its
tires for light trucks and sport-utility vehicles in 1998 to reduce the rate of
tread separation, a company spokesman said last night.

The issue of when Bridgestone/Firestone knew about the tread separation problems
now implicated in the deaths of more than 100 Americans is at the heart of
federal and congressional investigations of last month's recall of 6.5 million
Firestone tires.

But spokesman Dan Adomitis said the changes were not designed to eliminate a
particular problem. "This was part of our continuous improvement program," he
said. "That was not in response to some specific problem with Explorers or even
the [recalled tires], for that matter."

The company found "a certain percentage of tread separations" in evaluating tire
performance, "and your goal is zero," he said. "Making that a reality is
harder." Adomitis declined to address how the company knew what the rate of
tread separation for light-truck and SUV tires.

The change involved widening a piece of rubber, called a wedge, between the two
steel belts on the tires, he said. Investigations of the fatal crashes have
shown that the treads often separate between the two belts.

Rep. W.J. "Billy" Tauzin (R-La.), who is conducting a hearing today on the
recalled tires, said last night the Bridgestone/Firestone disclosure raises
serious questions about why Firestone did not recall the tires sooner.

He also said his investigators had found evidence that Firestone tests of the
recalled tires at its troubled Decatur, Ill., plant revealed defects as early as
1996 that apparently were ignored. Former employees have testified in lawsuits
about poor quality control at the plant; Firestone called the workers
disgruntled.

Tauzin said Firestone ran high-speed durability tests in a laboratory on 229
tires pulled from the Decatur production line in 1996. Of the 31 failures, 20
were tread-belt separations, the problem found with the recalled tires.

"That operates as clear and convincing evidence that Firestone knew Decatur was
producing bad tires that could have, and indeed have, resulted in people's
serious injury and death," Tauzin said. "What on earth was on their minds?"

Tauzin also said that neither Bridgestone/Firestone nor Ford conducted adequate
real-world road testing on the tires. He noted that a Ford engineer "repudiated"
a signed affidavit testifying that strenuous road tests were conducted on the
tires in 1989 using a Ford Explorer. He told investigators that a pickup truck
was used instead.

Ford spokesman Jason Vines said the tire testing was done in a way that mimicked
the handling of the Explorer. "Is this real-world testing? No, it is
out-of-this-world testing," he said. "This is smart engineering. This is smart
testing. If they are confused, we have to do a better job of explaining to them,
to Congressman Tauzin and the non-engineers on the Hill."

Tauzin said that Congress, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
and the industry all share the blame for the lack of testing. Federal
tire-testing standards have not changed since 1968. He has proposed legislation
that will require the standards to be updated.

Separately, records provided to Congress show that Firestone has settled 14
tire-related lawsuits for $ 12 million and Ford has settled 17 lawsuits for $ 4
million.

Also yesterday, NHTSA launched a new investigation into the Ford Explorer after
receiving 13 reports of troubles with a sway bar, located under the front of the
vehicle. It is standard equipment used to stabilize the Explorer, which, like
other SUVs, is more susceptible to rollovers than cars are.

Ford downplayed the sway-bar probe, saying that the complaints about 1995 and
1996 models were related only to the ride and handling of the vehicle and not
linked to any injuries or deaths. Spokesman Vines said the problems appeared to
be limited to cold, northern climates where salt is heavily used in the winter
and the vehicles are more subject to corrosion.

One NHTSA official said a broken front sway-bar link--which appears to be the
problem--"could degrade the stability of the Explorer under adverse driving
conditions." The problem may be more widespread than Ford indicated, the
official added, because NHTSA recently found indications of problems with the
sway bars on seven of 14 model 1995 and 1996 Explorers parked at the Department
of Transportation headquarters in the District.

Among the voluminous documentation provided to committees, congressional
investigators also found printouts of e-mails in Ford files that indicate the
automaker was making design changes to Explorers in Venezuela for safety reasons
while it was also offering customers there new tires this spring.

.

On May 6, Carlos Moran, development manager for Ford of Venezuela, said in an
e-mail to other Ford officials, "We blind road tested yesterday. Results are
clear. Australian shocks improve handling significantly." Moran then wrote that
those shocks would be used on two-door Explorers and there will be similar
"chassis reinforcement" for the four-door models.

"Please advise of any critical testing required before proceeding," Moran said.
"This is a big customer concern resolution. It will save lives; but we don't
want to create a bigger issue! At least we need to know risks involved. Your
advise [sic] on this matter will be highly appreciated."

On May 15, Antonio da Silva, a Ford of Venezuela product development manager,
wrote Tom Baughman, Ford's lead executive on the recalls and a scheduled witness
in today's congressional hearing, informing him that "things are getting very
critical and radical actions will have to be taken."

Da Silva recounted a weekend newspaper story about a Ford Explorer with
Firestone tires involved in a fatal crash. "Our plan now is to proceed with an
owner notification letter asking our customers to go to our dealers and proceed
to replace the Firestone tires with Good Year [sic] one," he said.

"We expect Firestone to react against this action as in a 'hidden' way[.] We are
accusing the tire as a root cause of the problem and they insist as it is a
vehicle problem. We will need your support to provide us tools against Firestone
statement."

Also yesterday, the Senate Commerce Committee passed after only 10 minutes of
debate a bill sponsored by its chairman, Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), to
strengthen NHTSA. It would give the agency authority to require more reports
from the car and tire industry and, despite heavy industry lobbying, add
criminal sanctions for violations of its rules.

Though the McCain bill breezed through its markup, it is expected to continue to
face heavy lobbying by the industry against the criminal sanctions. Trade groups
from the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers to the National Association of
Manufacturers and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce decried the effort to criminalize
product liability laws.

"The NAM has grave reservations about moving forward on major legislation that
may have unintended consequences and that may inadvertently set a bad precedent
for other federal product safety laws," the business group said in a letter to
the committee.

Staff writers Caroline Mayer and Frank Swoboda and database editor Sarah Cohen
contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              905 of 998 DOCUMENTS

          MITCHELL P. POWELL, Plaintiff, vs. UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
                                   Defendant.

                              Civil No. 05-6193-AA

            UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF OREGON

                   2007 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 60347; 2007 AMC 2226


                            August 6, 2007, Decided


CORE TERMS: vessel, drogue, crew, tow, radio, boat, sea, deck, leg, conclusions
of law, crew member, deploying, towing, feet, admiralty, responded, coxswain,
putting, attract, weather, aboard, rescue, caught, towed, stern, wave, pole,
bow, sovereign, maritime

COUNSEL:  [*1] For Mitchell P Powell, Plaintiff: Daniel C. Dziuba, LEAD
ATTORNEY, Tichenor & Dziuba LLP, Portland, OR.

For United States of America, Defendant:R Michael Underhill, LEAD ATTORNEY,
Younmee M. Moon, US Department of Justice, San Francisco, CA; Timothy W.
Simmons, United States Attorney's Office, Eugene, OR.

JUDGES: Ann Aiken, United States District Judge.

OPINION BY: Ann Aiken

OPINION

FINDINGS OF FACT AND CONCLUSIONS OF LAW

AIKEN, Judge:

This case was tried to the court without a jury on July 10-11, 2007. The Court
heard and reviewed the testimony of the witnesses, live and by deposition, and
considered the evidence of record, the credibility of the witnesses, the entire
file of the Court, and the contentions and arguments of counsel. Therefore, in
accord with Fed. R. Civ. P. 52(a), the Court makes the following findings of
fact and conclusions of law.

FINDINGS OF FACT

1. Plaintiff Powell filed this action against the United States for injuries
sustained aboard his sailboat, the S/V SWAY, on July 20, 2003. The incident
occurred in rough seas approximately 20 miles northwest of Brookings, Oregon,
when plaintiff's vessel became disabled due to engine failure and he contacted
the U.S. Coast Guard. The Coast Guard dispatched  [*2] a 47-foot motorized
lifeboat ("MLB") to assist the SWAY. This constituted a rescue response.

2. First Class Petty Officer, Greg Babst, a Coast Guard coxswain, was in charge
of the five-man crew on the MLB.

3. The coxswain is in charge of, among other things, driving the Coast Guard
vessel, the safety of his boat, and his crew.

4. The MLB took about two hours to reach the SWAY.

5. When MLB arrived at the SWAY, seas were six to ten feet, the wind was 20
knots, and although it was still daylight, visibility was limited to
approximately 100 yards due to fog.

6. As the MLB's crew approached the SWAY, the SWAY's mast was tipping from one
side of the vessel to the other, nearly hitting the water on each side as the
vessel went over each wave.

7. The MLB circled the vessel, steering clear of the SWAY'S mast, as Babst
established communications with plaintiff.

8. Babst asked plaintiff if he was having any other problems with the vessel
(ie, secure deck fittings). Plaintiff responded "no."

9. Babst asked plaintiff if he had any "medical conditions." Plaintiff responded
"that he was fine."

10. Babst asked plaintiff if he had ever been towed before. Plaintiff responded
"yes."

11. Babst then performed a  [*3] risk assessment and discussed the various
options to effect the rescue. Because it was not an emergency tow, Babst decided
against calling out a second vessel. Babst testified that a helicopter was not
an option due to the dense fog.

12. Babst decided against a crew transfer from the MLB to SWAY. The rough,
choppy waves prevented a crew transfer since the danger of collision during a
close aboard transfer in such conditions would have created the possibility of
having two disabled vessels (the Coast Guard MLB and plaintiff's boat) more than
20 miles from the nearest assistance.

13. The transfer itself would also potentially injure or even cause death to any
Coast Guard crew member who, during transfer, fell into the water and became
sandwiched/crushed between the two vessels.

14. Babst testified that "safety drove all decisions." He declined to consider
removing plaintiff from his vessel because he believed that course of action to
be unsafe. In fact, despite Babst's knowledge of his crew's fitness, experience
and expertise, he also declined to transfer one of his crew over to plaintiff's
vessel for similar safety reasons.

15. Babst testified that it would have been unsafe to ask plaintiff  [*4] to
board his life raft and attempt to paddle over to the MLB. Babst stated that the
most dangerous course of action was "putting someone in the water," particularly
when there was no reason to do that given that plaintiff was aboard a "stable
platform" that was not sinking.

16. Upon the coxswain's orders, after directing plaintiff to go to the stern of
the vessel to retrieve a passing line with a sea drogue attached to it, one of
the MLB deckhands threw plaintiff a drogue to stabilize SWAY during the tow and
explained to plaintiff the functions of a drogue.

17. Plaintiff testified that he was aware of the use and functions of a drogue.

18. A drogue is something like a parachute. It is made of similar material and
performs virtually the same function in the water - slowing a person's or
vessel's movement.

19. The drogue weighs approximately 25 pounds. It was four feet in length, three
feet in width at the top, 21 inches in width at the bottom and the total
circumference was six feet at the top. There was 200 feet of double braided
nylon rope attached with a swivel shackle and thimble spliced into the eye of
the line. At the end of the line was an eye splice.

20. When towed in rough seas  [*5] and waves, such as was experienced during the
incident, the drogue, among other things, prevents the towed vessel from
"surfing" down wave faces and potentially corkscrewing and/or capsizing, which
could injure or kill the person aboard the towed vessel, as well as putting the
towing vessel and its crew at risk.

21. The Coast Guard noticed that plaintiff was having difficulty setting up the
drogue on deck. Babst noted that the drogue line was wrapped over the handrail
and was a hazard. The Coast Guard instructed plaintiff to readjust the drogue
line which he did.

22. Babst then directed plaintiff to go to the bow of the SWAY to receive the
towing bridle. As plaintiff was moving to the bow, the Coast Guard noticed that
plaintiff was very unstable and had to crawl to the bow of the SWAY and then
crawl back to the stern. Babst noted that plaintiff did not have his "sea legs."

23. While at the bow of the SWAY, plaintiff had a difficult time pulling in the
bridle and hooking up the tow. The Coast Guard agreed that plaintiff seemed
disoriented and fatigued.

24. Babst advised plaintiff to "fake out" the line - i.e., to lay down the line
in an elongated, overlapping "S" pattern - so that when  [*6] the drogue was
thrown overboard at the proper time, the line would pay out and not become
caught on the vessel (or plaintiff) or tangled up.

25. As best could be seen from the distance that was needed to maintain safe
separation of the two vessels, i.e., for the safety of both vessels and their
crew, plaintiff appeared to comply with the instructions.

26. Plaintiff was instructed to wait to deploy the drogue until he was expressly
directed to do so by Babst, as well as to keep his hands and legs clear of the
line.

27. After securing the tow line, plaintiff got back on his radio, which was
located on the lower deck in the cabin of the vessel. Plaintiff informed Babst
that the tow equipment was in place.

28. To commence the tow, Babst had to take the slack out of the 700 foot tow
line, which was accomplished by putting the MLB in gear and moving it away from
the SWAY until the line became taut.

29. Once the towline was played out and became taut, Babst radioed plaintiff
that he was to begin deploying the drogue. Plaintiff responded by radio that he
had already commenced putting out the drogue. Babst turned to his crew and asked
them to verify that plaintiff reported he was already deploying  [*7] the
drogue. The crew verified plaintiff's statement.

30. Babst testified that he felt frustrated that plaintiff had decided to begin
deploying the drogue line before Babst had indicated he was to begin. Babst
testified that he always gave a number of safety instructions prior to signaling
to a vessel master to begin deploying a drogue line.

31. Shortly after this radio communication, plaintiff's left leg. was ensnared
by a loop of drogue line. Plaintiff was pinned to the stern rail. Plaintiff laid
down to lessen the chance that he would be pulled overboard. Plaintiff screamed,
attempting to attract the attention of the Coast Guard crew. Plaintiff hooked an
empty fuel can to his boat pole, placed it over the side, extended it out from
the vessel and waved it up and down for several minutes trying to attract the
attention of the Coast Guard crew. The fuel can fell into the water, and
plaintiff did the same thing with another empty fuel can, which also fell into
the water. Plaintiff then removed his inflatable harness and inflated it. He
tied the inflatable harness to the end of the boat pole, placed that out over
the side of the boat and waved it up and down in an attempt to attract the  [*8]
attention of the Coast Guard crew. When the inflatable harness came loose from
the boat pole, plaintiff took off his yellow slicker, tied the hood to the boat
pole and waved it over the side of the SWAY hoping to attract the attention of
the Coast Guard crew but without success.

32. Meanwhile, Babst made several attempts to contact plaintiff via radio, but
received no response. Because plaintiff's leg was caught in the drogue line
pinning him to the stern rail on the deck he was not able to reach the radio to
communicate since the radio was located below deck in the cabin hatch.

33. Babst initially thought his radio might be malfunctioning due to the amount
of spray it received, so he asked the Coast Guard station (Station Chetco River)
to radio plaintiff. The Coast Guard station also attempted radio communication
with plaintiff without success.

34. Suspecting that plaintiff might have fallen overboard, Babst circled back to
look for plaintiff, careful to avoid the tow line which, if caught in the
propeller or rudder of the MLB or the rudder of the SWAY, would disable the MLB.
A crew member on the MLB reported that he thought he saw plaintiff on the deck
of the SWAY. Babst, after turning  [*9] back a second time, created enough slack
for plaintiff to free himself.

35. Plaintiff's leg was caught in the drogue line for approximately 30 minutes.
As a result of the injury, plaintiff suffered a strangulation injury of his left
leg and compartment syndrome requiring several surgical procedures.

36. Plaintiff made it to the radio and radioed the Coast Guard that he was weak
and going into diabetic shock, which was the first time he told the Coast Guard
that he had diabetes.

37. With drogue lines behind the SWAY and tow lines between the two vessels, and
due to the sea conditions described above, the MLB could not get near enough to
the SWAY to safely attempt a crew transfer.

38. Since safe harbor was two towing hours away, and due to plaintiff's injury,
Babst reclassified the tow as an emergency tow, and called for additional
assistance. Babst simultaneously proceeded to tow the SWAY.

39. Roughly halfway to the harbor, a second MLB, a Coast Guard helicopter, and a
23-foot utility boat with foam sides met the MLB and SWAY in order to attempt to
provide assistance.

40. Due to the continuing sea and weather conditions (i.e., the same conditions
that previously prevented Babst from permitting  [*10] a crew transfer), neither
the second MLB nor the helicopter could put a crew member onboard SWAY.

41. Only the foam sides of the utility boat allowed it to come alongside SWAY
and permit the transfer of two medical personnel onto the SWAY.

42. Powell disregarded the inherent dangers of sailing, the difficulties of
sailing alone especially when one is a novice sailor, the observed weather and
sea in the Northwest waters he was sailing (and predictable weather via regular
marine weather forecasts and broadcasts), and his own medical condition.

43. In judging and weighing the credibility of the witnesses, including the
documents and exhibits that were admitted, the Court credits as true the Coast
Guard's version of the incident, specifically the rescue operation (both the
non-emergency tow and the emergency tow), plaintiff's actions, and the actions
of the MLB crew.

44. The Coast Guard reasonably followed rescue guidelines and made conscientious
efforts to ensure the safety of the MLB, the crew, plaintiff, and his vessel.

45. In all relevant respects, I find no evidence that the MLB or its crew,
including Babst, violated any mandatory guidelines regarding how a coxswain
under the existing  [*11] circumstances must handle a towing operation. Further,
I find that Babst's actions and decisions were reasonable, within the towing
guidelines, and subject to his discretion.

46. In all relevant respects, the MLB and its crew's actions were based on
policy considerations, particularly upon considerations of safety of life for
all concerned, including the safety of the crew members of the MLB.

47. Babst and the crew members exhibited reasonable care with respect to the
incident, including the tow of SWAY.

48. Plaintiff prematurely deployed the drogue and caused the injury through his
own actions in deploying the drogue.

49. The accident occurred solely as a result of plaintiff's actions and
negligence and did not result from any fault or negligence of the Coast Guard.

50. Plaintiff fails to sustain his burden of proving liability and fault on the
part of the defendant United States.

51. Because plaintiff has failed to carry his burden of proof regarding
liability and damages, judgment is entered for the United States.

CONCLUSIONS OF LAW

1. This case against the United States arose on navigable waters of the United
States and asserts personal injury claims as a result of alleged negligence by
[*12] the crew of a United States Coast Guard vessel. Accordingly, this is an
admiralty and maritime matter within the meaning of Fed. R. Civ. P. 9(h) and
jurisdiction against the United States exists pursuant to the Public Vessels Act
(PVA), recodified at 46 U.S.C. § 31101, et seq. (previously §§ 781-790), which
incorporates the consistent provisions of the Suits in Admiralty Act (SIAA),
recodified at 46 U.S.C. § 30901, et seq. (previously §§ 741-752).

2. The PVA provides a limited waiver of immunity by the United States for
certain maritime claims. Under these statutes, the United States has waived its
sovereign immunity in cases where an action in admiralty could be maintained
against a private party. Accordingly, liability may be found against the United
States if a private person would be liable under similar circumstances. Canadian
Aviator v. United States, 324 U.S. 215, 65 S. Ct. 639, 89 L. Ed. 901 (1945).
Under the statute an injured party has no greater claim against the sovereign
than he would have against a private person. Id.

3. I find that the discretionary function exception, as alleged by the
defendant, does not apply to the facts at bar. Lesoeur v. United States, 21 F.3d
965, 968 (9th Cir. 1994)(courts  [*13] lack subject matter jurisdiction over
tort actions based upon the performance by the sovereign of discretionary
functions, including cases alleging admiralty and maritime causes of
action)(internal citations omitted).

4. Based upon the Court's Findings of Fact, as applied to the legal standards
set forth herein, the Court concludes as a matter of law, that the United States
was not negligent in any regard, and that its actions and decisions were
reasonable and within the reasonable standard of care. Moreover, the court finds
that none of the Coast Guard's actions caused or contributed to the incident
and/or injury sustained by plaintiff.

5. Moreover, since the court has determined that plaintiff has failed to carry
his burden of proving liability in the first instance, apportionment for
comparative fault is unnecessary.

6. Any Findings of Fact which constitute Conclusions of Law and Conclusions of
Law which constitute Findings of Fact shall be deemed to have been determined
accordingly.

IT IS SO ORDERED.

Dated this 6 day of August, 2007.

Ann Aiken

United States District Judge


                              906 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              March 7, 2016 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

For Trump, Broadway Held Sway

BYLINE: By MICHAEL PAULSON

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1212 words


The Broadway producer David Black was sitting in his office, above the Palace
Theater, when a young Donald J. Trump walked in, unannounced, and asked him to
lunch.

Mr. Trump was just 23 years old, fresh out of Wharton, with some money from his
developer-father and an interest in what it might be like to be a Broadway
producer. He took Mr. Black to the private Metropolitan Club, peppered him with
questions about the ins and outs of the theater business, and made an offer: Mr.
Trump would pay half the cost of putting up Mr. Black's next play if the
producer would give him equal billing on the posters and in Playbill.

When ''Paris Is Out!,'' a domestic comedy featuring Molly Picon, a well-known
star of the Yiddish theater, began performances on Broadway early in 1970, Mr.
Trump's name was above the title, with that of Mr. Black.

The show was a flop, and its closing brought an abrupt end to Mr. Trump's career
as a Broadway producer.

But his approach to producing -- at one point he questioned why the show's
poster wasn't more prominently displayed outside a Times Square ticket office --
foreshadowed his approach to other businesses. And, although ''Paris Is Out!''
remains Mr. Trump's only Broadway credit, his off-and-on flirtation with the
theater world, which included abortive talks about musicals inspired by his
career, add some drama to the biography of the man who has unexpectedly become
the leading contender for the Republican nomination for president.

Throughout his interactions with the theater business, he has shown more of an
interest in finances than dramaturgy, an instinct for self-promotion, a sense of
his own name as a brand, and a willingness to deploy his growing celebrity for a
variety of purposes.

By the time Mr. Trump showed up at Mr. Black's door, he had read about the play
and Mr. Black. He wanted to know how Mr. Black had found the play, and how long
it would have to run to break even. ''He had done his homework, and that was
unusual,'' Mr. Black recalled. ''Most of the people who put up money for shows
just wanted to meet girls and go to parties, but he wasn't like that.''

The show was capitalized at $140,000, so Mr. Trump put up $70,000. He agreed
that Mr. Black, as the lead producer, would make all decisions. The creative
team does not recall any input from him; he did, however, have ideas on the
money side. ''He wanted to know why we had to pay two men to pull the curtain up
and down when they played pinochle the rest of the day,'' Mr. Black recalled.
''And at one point he came in and said, 'Our poster is behind one of the other
posters.'''

Richard Seff, who wrote ''Paris Is Out!,'' remembers twice saying hello to Mr.
Trump when he was standing in the back of the orchestra, observing.

''He would just drop in,'' said Mr. Seff, who is now a theater critic for DC
Metro Theater Arts. ''He was a young heir apparent, beginning his life with his
father's business, who used to drive up to the theater in his white
convertible.''

''Paris Is Out!,'' which starred Sam Levene, a veteran film and stage actor,
alongside Ms. Picon, had its admirers during an earlier production in Paramus,
N.J. But the producers were so worried about critical reaction that they held no
press performances, and with good reason -- the critics were unimpressed. In The
New York Times, Clive Barnes wrote, ''I pitied it more than I disliked it,'' but
called it ''a bad play.''

After 112 performances, facing weak ticket sales, Mr. Black closed the show.

Mr. Trump, a professed Broadway fan and a regular at opening nights, had several
subsequent discussions about a return to the theater business.

In 1992, Marla Maples, who was then his girlfriend and is now his ex-wife,
stepped into the cast of ''The Will Rogers Follies'' as a character named
Ziegfeld's Favorite. The move brought a flurry of media attention and boosted
ticket sales for the show.

The publicity prompted the show's producer, Pierre Cossette, to tell New York
Magazine in 1992 that he was talking with Mr. Trump about making a musical about
his life. ''Trump is a natural because he's a bigger-than-life person,'' Mr.
Cossette explained.

That idea went nowhere. But Mr. Trump became a reality television star with the
success of ''The Apprentice,'' and in 2005 he announced that the TV show would
be adapted as a Broadway musical. Barry Weissler, a Broadway producer who had
once floated the idea that Mr. Trump play the role of Billy Flynn in
''Chicago,'' was to co-produce with television's Mark Burnett.

''We worked on it, but it didn't have enough twists and turns and tension -- it
couldn't rise above what they were doing on television,'' Mr. Weissler said.
''Eventually it just faded away.''

There was another round of discussions about a Trump-related Broadway show in
the summer of 2007, when Mr. Trump met in his office with a creative team to
talk about producing a revue, using songs from the Irving Berlin catalog, with
''The Trump Follies'' as the working title.

In the show, which was to be written by Jonathan Tolins and Robert Cary and
directed by John Rando, a young bellhop would work his way up through a hotel,
observing different dance rehearsals as he rose, as he sought to visit a
Trump-like producer on the top floor.

Mr. Trump impressed the creative team. ''He was smart and funny and pretty
charming, but the show fell apart, like most shows do,'' Mr. Tolins said.

Anna Louizos, the team's scenic designer, said Mr. Trump ''seemed open to the
idea, but then it just fizzled out.''

Mr. Trump declined a request for an interview, but his spokeswoman, Hope Hicks,
said: ''Mr. Trump has always enjoyed Broadway. A couple of years ago he looked
into the possibility of a show called 'Trump,' but he was just too busy with so
many other things.''

Yet over the years, Mr. Trump has found numerous ways to stay connected to
theater.

In 1995 he recorded a fake poetry slam promotional video for use in ''The
Monogamist'' at Playwrights Horizons. (''Only people who had senses of humor
about themselves would let me, a little Off Broadway director, into their
offices,'' recalled the play's director, Scott Elliott. ''He was very willing to
go on camera, and he seemed to like the comedy. And it was a bit that audiences
found hilarious.'')

In 1996 he made a cameo appearance as an Internal Revenue Service agent in the
opening-night concert performance of ''Du Barry Was a Lady'' in City Center's
Encores series.

And in 2010, ''The Apprentice'' had an episode on which the actress Kristin
Chenoweth, among others, helped Mr. Trump judge aspiring Broadway producers.

Mr. Black, the producer of ''Paris Is Out!'', is now 84, and still muses about
how things might have worked out differently.

''He did have a flair for show business, and he liked putting his name on
something that was not real estate,'' Mr. Black recalled. ''And, if the play had
been a hit, who knows, he might have continued.''

Mr. Black recalls the day he had to inform Mr. Trump that ''Paris Is Out!''
would close. The two men went to a coffee shop just off Eighth Avenue, where Mr.
Black broke the news.

''When I told him I had to close it, he said, 'David, what should I do now?'''
Mr. Black recalled. ''I said, 'Why don't you try real estate?'''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/07/theater/for-a-young-donald-j-trump-broadway-he
ld-sway.html

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Above left, Donald J. Trump and his father, Fred, in Queens in
1973 and, above right, a Playbill for ''Paris Is Out!'' With some money from his
father, Mr. Trump helped finance that play, which began performances on Broadway
in 1970 and was a flop. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY BARTON SILVERMAN/THE NEW YORK TIMES
CHRISTIAN HANSEN FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (C1)
Top, Molly Picon, a star of the Yiddish theater, second from left, and Sam
Levene, a Broadway veteran, far right, in ''Paris Is Out!''
and, above, Mr. Trump's name in the show's Playbill. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY SY FRIEDMAN

 CHRISTIAN HANSEN FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (C6)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              907 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

Florida, big schools still trying to sway Miami commit Evan Hinson

BYLINE: Brian Linder, Brian Linder brian.linder@news-jrnl.com

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 227  words


Deltona's Evan Hinson committed to Miami back in February and Thursday he said
he is not wavering.

But that hasn't stopped schools from trying to sway him.

In fact, Hinson said he recently added a football offer from Florida, and his
football coach, Allen Johnson, said Marshall also recently called with an offer.

"I handle it all pretty well," Hinson said Thursday. "I just listen."

But the 6-foot-5, 205-pound junior said he is pretty excited about his upcoming
visit to Miami on Tuesday. The Hurricanes are having a barbecue and Hinson is
invited.

"I can't wait," he said. "I haven't got a chance to talk to all of the coaches
yet, and I hope I will be able to do that then."

Hinson's father, Denny Hinson, called the Florida offer "flattering."

"But we have just built up such a good rapport with the coaches at Miami," he
said.

And that's why Johnson said he believes Hinson was such a big get for the
Hurricanes. He said the Gators likely won't be the last big school to come with
an offer and thinks Florida State could jump into the mix as well.

"But he is 100 percent Miami," Johnson said.

And Hinson, who hopes to play football and basketball -- he was recently named
News-Journal Player of the Year for hoops -- at Miami, said he is focusing on
his AAU season as a member of the Showtime Ballers.

"I'm excited," he said. "We have a tournament Saturday in Lakeland."

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2015 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2015 News-Journal Corporation


                              908 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Massachusetts: Chameleon Arts Ensemble: music heard above the sway

LENGTH: 66  words

DATELINE: Boston


Office of Travel and Tourism, The State of Massachusetts has issued the
following news release:

Chameleon Arts Ensemble: music heard above the sway

Sat, Sep 27 - Sun, Sep 28, 2014

Times: Saturday at 8 PM, Sunday at 4 PM

Venue: First Church in Boston

66 Marlborough Street, Boston, MA 02116

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              909 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Massachusetts: Chameleon Arts Ensemble: music heard above the sway

LENGTH: 66  words

DATELINE: Boston


Office of Travel and Tourism, The State of Massachusetts has issued the
following news release:

Chameleon Arts Ensemble: music heard above the sway

Sat, Sep 27 - Sun, Sep 28, 2014

Times: Saturday at 8 PM, Sunday at 4 PM

Venue: First Church in Boston

66 Marlborough Street, Boston, MA 02116

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

De Blasio Style Evident in Effort to Sway Critics of Police

BYLINE: By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM and J. DAVID GOODMAN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 613 words


The Rev. Al Sharpton was blunt with Bill de Blasio on the telephone a few nights
ago: He had reservations about the mayor-elect's impending choice for police
commissioner.

Mr. de Blasio had a suggestion: William J. Bratton, his pick, would immediately
give Mr. Sharpton a call.

Once bitter foes, Mr. Sharpton and Mr. Bratton connected on Thursday morning,
hours before Mr. de Blasio would announce his appointee, for a four-minute
conversation in which the men said they hoped to find common ground.

Behind the scenes in the past 48 hours, Mr. de Blasio and his top aides have
quietly waged an aggressive campaign of outreach and diplomacy to secure support
for Mr. Bratton, whose deep ties to the divisive policing era of the 1990s have
unsettled some allies of the mayor-elect.

The effort -- including conference calls and other phone conversations among Mr.
de Blasio, Mr. Bratton and prominent black and Latino leaders -- offers an early
glimpse of the grass-roots political style that Mr. de Blasio, a savvy operative
with a background in community organizing, intends to bring to City Hall.

And it is a sign that the mayor-elect is keenly attuned to concerns among
activists still unsure if Mr. Bratton, who clashed with liberal leaders while
serving as commissioner in the Giuliani administration, can carry out the police
reforms that Mr. de Blasio promised during his campaign.

On Thursday afternoon, after introducing Mr. Bratton at a Brooklyn news
conference, Mr. de Blasio and his top political aide, Emma Wolfe, convened a
conference call with liberal advocacy groups to reaffirm his commitment to
curbing the use of stop-and-frisk tactics.

Around the same time, the city's incoming public advocate, Letitia James,
received an unexpected call on her cellphone: Mr. Bratton was on the line.

''He understood that I had some concerns,'' said Ms. James, a city councilwoman
from Brooklyn who had supported a different prospect, Philip Banks III, for
police commissioner. The call, she said, was brief, but the two arranged to meet
for coffee next week.

Councilman Jumaane D. Williams of Brooklyn, who helped pass a police oversight
bill this year, said Mr. de Blasio's aides had been in constant contact with him
since Thursday about setting up a meeting with Mr. Bratton.

And Mr. de Blasio made phone calls to Ruben Diaz Jr., the Bronx borough
president, and Representative Nydia M. Velázquez of Brooklyn. On Saturday, the
mayor-elect will appear in Harlem with Mr. Bratton, Mr. Sharpton and
Representative Charles B. Rangel of Harlem, for a ceremony for Nelson Mandela.

Javier H. Valdes, an executive director of the advocacy group Make the Road New
York, said Mr. de Blasio's conference call had been ''reassuring'' and a shift
from the Bloomberg administration's tendency toward top-down policy-making.

Still, Mr. de Blasio did not take questions during the call. And Mr. Valdes said
some activists were not yet sold on Mr. Bratton. ''The proof will be in the
pudding,'' he said.

And Mr. de Blasio's style of outreach is not always warm and fuzzy. Last month,
aides to the mayor-elect took pains to short-circuit efforts by some community
leaders who had discussed declaring support for someone other than Mr. Bratton
to become commissioner.

Mr. Bratton's own outreach methods have proved effective before; in Los Angeles,
he won praise for meeting with critics early in his tenure.

But this campaign may have only begun. In an interview on Friday, Mr. Sharpton
said he was not entirely pleased with any of the candidates Mr. de Blasio had
considered. ''All of them had, one way or another, direct links to stop and
frisk,'' he said. ''So what are we talking about here? Cosmetics?''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/12/07/nyregion/de-blasio-style-evident-in-effort-to-
sway-critics-of-bratton.html

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              911 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             May 19, 1998, Tuesday,

FORMER PORTLAND POLICE OFFICER ADMITS TO BRIBERY IN PLEA BARGAIN;
 IN RETURN FOR CHRIS MURPHY'S PLEA, PROSECUTORS DROP CHARGES STEMMING FROM TWO
OTHER SIMILAR CASES.

BYLINE: Sarah Ragland Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 904 words


A former Portland police officer accused of accepting cash to sway
drunken-driving cases pleaded guilty to bribery Monday.

His face weary, his shoulders stooped, Chris Murphy, who resigned from the
department after his indictment in October, admitted that he accepted $ 500 to
influence a case last year.

Murphy, 46, described as the most decorated officer in the department's history,
will serve no more than one year in prison under a plea agreement. In return for
his plea, prosecutors dropped a bribery charge and a charge of tampering with a
witness stemming from two other cases.

Sentencing on the bribery conviction has been scheduled for later this month.
Murphy had faced up to five years in prison on each of the three original
charges.

''We have to send a message to law enforcement that this is unacceptable,''
Assistant Attorney General Leanne Robbin said. ''He should get every day of the
one year we are asking for; that would send a strong message.''

Robbin described Murphy as a corrupt cop who traded on his good name for cash
and a car.

Murphy declined to comment Monday. His attorney, Martin Ridge, rejected the
prosecutor's contention that Murphy repeatedly tried to illegally influence
court cases.

''Did Officer Murphy ever ask another officer to give a buddy a break? Yes,''
Ridge said.

Did he repeatedly do so for cash or other payments? No, Ridge said, adding that
Murphy accepted money once and Murphy acknowledged that with his guilty plea.

''He was very overwhelmed today . . . with terrible embarrassment, remorse and
regret,'' Ridge said. ''He has to look in the mirror and say, 'You did this to
yourself. You did this to your family and you did this to your department.' ''

Portland Police Chief Michael Chitwood has little sympathy and said he supports
a sentence of at least one year.

''Murphy's actions cannot be excused or condoned by any law enforcement
officer,'' Chitwood said. ''I feel very strongly that this should not be
perceived as an indictment of the Portland Police Department.''

In the wake of the corruption investigation, the department tightened its policy
about providing ''professional courtesies,'' he said.

Although such favors were always frowned upon, Chitwood said any exception to
routine practices must now be cleared through the chief's office.

Murphy resigned from the department in October, two weeks after he was indicted
on the felony charges. A 22-year veteran of the department, he is receiving his
police pension and has a new job at a local company.

Ridge said he is not sure where Murphy is working. No state law eliminates
benefits for police officers convicted of on-the-job crimes.

Murphy had little choice but to plead guilty to the bribery charge because his
actions were recorded on videotape by investigators with the Attorney General's
Office, said attorneys for both sides.

The Attorney General's Office began investigating Murphy after hearing rumors of
a corrupt police officer. Investigators enlisted the help of Brenda McLean, a
friend of Murphy's.

Several years ago, Murphy persuaded prosecutors to dismiss charges filed against
McLean in connection with a bad-check case, Robbin said.

Last year, McLean turned to Murphy again, this time to help her brother, Harold
Day, who was facing a drunken-driving charge. She offered Murphy $ 500 to take
care of it.

On May 15, 1997, investigators secretly videotaped Murphy - in his police
uniform, on duty, in a Portland cruiser - accepting the money from McLean
outside a Portland motel.

According to a transcript of the videotape filed Monday in Superior Court,
Murphy was upfront about his efforts to influence this case, as well as several
others:

''Five hundred, right?'' McLean asked him.

''Yeah,'' Murphy answered.

Then McLean counted out the money: ''One, two, three, four, five.''

Murphy went on to tell her that he talked to the state trooper who arrested Day
and ''he'll do whatever he can to help your brother,'' according to the
transcript.

After talking about other cases in which he wielded influence, Murphy told
McLean, ''I have a large network of policemen that owe me big-time,'' according
to court documents.

Ridge said Murphy's statements on the videotape are evidence of bluster, not
corruption, adding, ''He didn't do what he said he'd done.''

Ridge said there is no evidence Murphy tried to influence Day's case. Day later
pleaded guilty to the charge.

Similarly, in another case, prosecutors say Murphy accepted a 1983 Lincoln Town
Car from Vaughan Goodine in 1995 to influence a drunken-driving case. Again,
there is no evidence Murphy influenced the case.

Although Goodine acknowledged giving Murphy the car for help with the case, he
said Murphy did nothing to help him. Goodine later pleaded guilty to the charge.

Prosecutors dismissed a bribery charge against Murphy in connection with the
Goodine case as part of the plea agreement.

In a third case, Murphy was accused of trying to persuade a Scarborough police
officer ''to withhold testimony, information or evidence'' in a drunken-driving
case, according to court documents. A witness-tampering charge in that case also
was thrown out as part of the plea agreement.

Robbin said that even though she agreed to dismiss those charges, she plans to
use information about the other cases to push for a one-year prison sentence for
Murphy.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: color;

File photo Chris Murphy faces up to a year in prison for acceptin;

 cash to sway a drunken-driving case.

                Copyright 1998 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              912 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                          December 12, 2012 Wednesday

Pops and the kids

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 234 words


COLUMN: IN OUR OPINION; EDITORIAL FOOTNOTE

With the tapping of local talent last Friday night, the Boston Pops took their
concert over-the-top.

The event featured the usual sparkle and pizazz - and then the Seven Hills Show
Choir came out and put the "Worcester" in the proceedings. The group of 5- to
10-year-olds from Seven Hills Charter Public School sang "Light the Candles,"
and helped lead the closing singalong, holding sway over the audience with their
voices, enthusiasm, and stage presence.

The evening also featured a fine recitation of "Yes Virginia, There is a Santa
Claus," by Grafton High School junior Noelle Scarlett.

The city welcomed the return of the Boston Pops Esplanade Orchestra after going
three Christmases without. The Hanover Theatre for the Performing Arts played
host for the first time, with the blessing of the DCU Center. The Boston Pops
Esplanade Orchestra appeared annually at the large arena from 1982 through 2008,
but ticket sales waned and Sandy Dunn, general manager at the DCU Center,
encouraged the switch to the smaller, warmer surroundings.

It worked, of course. Wherever they set up shop, the Pops have a way of stirring
our Christmas selves. Keith Lockhart waves his baton, a couple of hours fly by,
and before we know it we've been serenaded into the season. With local talent
adding extra zing, the Pops pulled out all the stops in their return trip to
Worcester.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: With the tapping of local talent last Friday night, the Boston Pops
took their concert over-the-top. The event featured the usual sparkle and pizazz
- and then the Seven Hills Show Choir came out and put the "Worcester" in the
proceedings. The group of 5- to 10-year-olds from Seven Hills Charter Public
School sang "Light the Candles," and helped lead the closing singalong, holding
sway over the audience with their voices, enthusiasm, and stage presence.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                   January 18, 1997, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Heard it through the grapevine: Rumors ranging from outlandish conspiracy
theories to the race of Julia Roberts hold a mystical sway in black America

BYLINE: WIL HAYGOOD AND MIKE KING; BOSTON GLOBE; THE GAZETTE

SECTION: WEEKLY REVIEW; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 3034 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


Sometimes they just get swiped from the not-so-high-falutin' air of hearsay and
take on a life of their own. And sometimes they rush into view with the fury of
a flash flood. They can pop up from the past - given life by history, endless
slights, folktales or anger.

They're rumors. And they tend to know no boundaries, sweeping back and forth
across oceans: from small Mexican villages, where people believe serpents enter
the bodies of misbehaving children, to Africa, where tales still thrive about
cannibalism, right into the heart of America, where right-wing militia groups
imagine invasions of black helicopters carrying United Nations troops and the
far-left fringe often sees dark bodings of Big Brother in the technological
revolution.

But it is in the black communities of urban America where rumors hold an almost
mystical sway, according to those who have studied the phenomenon of rumor in
black culture, an emerging focal point of scholarship.

"Rumor plays a role in all communities," said Patricia Turner, a professor at
the University of California at Davis who first began studying rumors in
Boston's black neighborhoods 10 years ago. "The difference in the
African-American community is that there's been more research pointing these
examples out."

Fanciful or not, rumors swirling in black communities - from conspiracy theories
about Ku Klux Klan ownership of a soft-drink company to the racial identity of
actress Julia Roberts, from feelings supposedly expressed by designer Liz
Claiborne about black women wearing her clothes, to a franchise's fried chicken
causing sterility in black men - have intrigued sociologists, academics and
blacks themselves for years. They also underscore the heartbreaking distance
remaining between white and black America in a society only three decades
removed from legal segregation.

Recent hazy accusations in the San Jose Mercury-News of CIA connections to the
spread of crack cocaine in mostly black, south-central Los Angeles quickly took
on a life of their own. Rumor turned to gospel. In certain segments of black
America, it was as if a million little lights - about conspiracies, about other
rumors - started going off, started ricocheting. Black leaders heard the
cacophony and leaned into microphones, demanding inquiries.

Finally, CIA director John Deutch went to Los Angeles to confront his accusers.
Deutch was screamed at. Sweat dripped from brows. Folks stood and pointed
fingers - as if pointing fingers at some unseen demon. The CIA hustling crack
cocaine into Los Angeles? Deutch found the charges, the rumors, absurd.

"But even the most outlandish rumor needs a seed of truth to get out of the
ground," allowed Eugene Rivers, a black minister and community activist in
Boston who closely follows the temperature of black America. He says there's "a
unique cultural logic" to rumors in the black community.

Some of them appear pushed by macabre humor, others by sober analysis, creating
the kind of tension one might have imagined if the comic Richard Pryor had ever
shared a stage with the late writer James Baldwin: guffaws of laughter, then
severe introspection.

Clarence Bayne, founder of the National Black Coalition of Canada, said "these
beliefs seem to be commonly held by black people not just in the States, but in
black pockets in Canada."

"They may just be told differently (here)," said Bayne, a Concordia University
professor and president of the Black Studies Centre. "Rumors or beliefs take on
certain regional and particular characteristics."

He pointed to the strong influence of the States on the community in Montreal.

"There's hardly a black person in Canada who isn't connected in some way with
the U.S. black culture."

One imbedded belief that Bayne said is shared by all North American blacks is
that "the white man means us no good."

If black paranoia or imagination often seems to run deep, there is no denying
its huge backdrop: the rattling chains of slavery and its echoes through
subsequent generations. There has been no shortage of other examples of official
waywardness as it relates to black America: in the '30s, government health
officials once allowed a study, which came to be known as the Tuskegee
Experiment, in Alabama that denied medication to black men with venereal
disease. And the FBI spied on Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and other civil-rights
leaders in the '50s and '60s.

Nor do stories fresh from today - like the challenge to affirmative action or
racist memos and epithets in the corporate suites of Texaco - serve to ease
blacks' suspicions of whites' potential for mischief.

"In the black community," said Lawrence Young, director of the Paul Robeson
Cultural Centre at Penn State University, "you are constantly under pressure.
We're like the people in Bosnia. Someone's always trying to kill us, drop bombs
on us. That's reality. That's not mythology. These aren't rumors. When you are
constantly under siege, you begin to look. You begin to see things."

The chicken came first. Then the rumors

Ten years ago, Patricia Turner was teaching African-American studies at the
University of Massachusetts-Boston. Her seminar touched upon folklore, which
touched upon rumor. One day she was talking about Kentucky Fried Chicken. There
had been a nasty rumor circulating about rats being found in large pieces of the
company's chicken.

"Of course," one student said, interrupting Turner, "you know about Church's
Fried Chicken, don't you?"

She did not.

The student said it was widely known that Church's Fried Chicken fried its
chicken in a special batter that sterilized black men. Turner thought the rumor
bizarre. But it wouldn't go away; many other students in her class believed it,
too. So Turner hit the pavement, visiting Church's chicken outlets, talking with
managers, asking about those rumors, that chicken batter. "The managers were
really aware of it," Turner said. "They said the rumors were causing their
business to fall off."

Of course, corporate executives denied the charge. There was never any proof
that Church's chicken batter had ingredients harmful to black men. One black
manager told Turner he ate Church's chicken religiously - and he had three
children.

The rumor so fascinated Turner she began researching the subject. In her 1993
book, I Heard It Through the Grapevine: Rumor in African-American Culture, she
went on to examine other rumors sifting through the black community. But
preposterousness is one thing, she says, understanding the root and rhythm of
rumors quite another.

"Very often you can prove some rumors to be superficially false," Turner said.
"But you can look at what underlies them to be a kind of truth."

So lack of evidence does not necessarily threaten the staying power of rumors.

"Within the white community," said Young of Penn State, "you need a scientific
method for everything. You have to prove it scientifically. In order to prove
the crack connection in Los Angeles to whites, you have to have proof of a CIA
agent with drugs on his back dropping off the drugs in the community."

Young said blacks living in Los Angeles, where the acquittal of white policemen
in the beating of black motorist Rodney King still resonates, only needed the
rumor to fill in the remaining blanks.

Many feel the waves of black history - a mere three decades removed from an
intense struggle launched in the Deep South for equal rights - have propelled
rumor-making.

"I think the history of any oppressed people demands you never assume anything
is impossible," said Bridgett Davis, an independent film-maker in Manhattan. "I
come to these issues with a particular history, as a person of color. I would
never be so presumptuous as to dismiss all rumors as paranoia. The paranoia
comes out of a context, not a vacuum."

"We see the world differently than whites," said Byron Rushing, the Democratic
state representative from Boston's South End. "What we consider possible - and
the kind of evil and calculated abuse that we consider possible - is very
different from what white people think is possible."

Recently, Rushing received an award in Boston along with Julia Roberts, the
actress. Like other actresses, Roberts has been the object of speculation about
silicone and collagen injections. "Someone told me to ask her if she was black,"
recalled Rushing. "There's something about her mouth."

Nikki Giovanni, the acclaimed poet and '60s icon who now teaches at Virginia
Polytechnic Institute, doesn't run from rumors, while acknowledging that some in
the black community might well be hypersensitive. "There are reasons for these
rumors," she said. "Life does not come back to the five-and-dime, Jimmy Dean,"
she said, referring to the play and movie connoting a more innocent time in
1950s America.

There also is the notion that some black leaders, looking for scapegoats, fan
rumors, giving them weight. Nation of Islam minister Louis Farrakhan, for
example, long has claimed that the drug scourge and AIDS are government plots to
destroy blacks.

Burden of Pain and Misery

It was one of those cold, raw days in Harlem recently. Bright and yellowy
outside, though. Harlem has long been the cultural mecca of black America, a
place where few ever doubted James Baldwin; a place where few, if any, roll
their eyes at Dick Gregory's rumor-filled conspiracy theories. Gregory, the
former comic turned acid-tongued social critic, has long believed the CIA and
FBI were up to no good when it came to blacks. But his early charge that the FBI
was illegally wiretapping Dr. King proved prescient. "The biggest threat to
America is not Dick Nixon, and it's not Watergate," Gregory said two decades
ago.

Harlem is still a place, too, that carries a heavy burden of pain and misery.

The mercury outside on this day is below zero.

There are a few browsers inside the Liberation Bookstore on Lenox Ave. There are
poetry books here, biographies and fiction. And there's a goodly number of books
about conspiracy theories against blacks, about rumored FBI and CIA misdeeds.
Many are printed by independent and vanity publishers. You'd have to search high
and low to find many of these conspiracy books elsewhere. No, the bookstore
owner says, she doesn't stock I Heard It Through The Grapevine: Rumor in
African-American Culture.

"Is Texaco a rumor?" she shouted. Malachai Ricks and Richard Hollins are two
black men who operate the 125th St. Jewelry & Masonic Shop. They sell jewelry,
do watch repairs, jawbone when it's slow. There's not a fancy academic degree
between them.

They're talking about Harlem, about shoppers. There's talk about these rumors,
this CIA mess. There's talk about Pepsi, the soft drink.

"Did you know Pepsi is highly addictive?" Ricks asked Hollins.

"No, really?" Hollins said.

"Most blacks don't know this," said Ricks. "I started noticing this a few years
ago. I was living with this girl. She could run out of everything in the house
but Pepsi. She had to have her Pepsi."

"So?"

Some light chuckling begins.

"Well," Ricks continued, "it's addictive. It's got cocaine in it. Why you think
you find so much Pepsi here in Harlem? Pepsi's everywhere in Harlem. That
stuff's dangerous for black people. I figured this out a long time ago."

"That's interesting," said Hollins, the chuckling now gone, the look on his face
serious, tight, any trace of doubt vanished. "Someone told me that if you don't
see the same stuff here in Harlem that you see in white Manhattan, that you
shouldn't buy it. It's all kinds of funny sodas you can find here in Harlem that
you can't find in white Manhattan. I've stopped buying those funny sodas
myself."

Pepsi denies any ingredients in the popular soft drink are addictive. "Is Pepsi
habit-forming? Yes. Addictive? No," said Larry Jabbonsky, company spokesman.

The Tuskegee Effect

An awe-inspiring rumor was loosed in Macon County, Ala., beginning in the
mid-1930s. It lasted for 40 years. And it would become the mother lode of all
rumors spiraling in and out of black America: black men, semi-literate,
diagnosed with syphilis, were told only that they had "bad blood" so doctors
could study the effects of the venereal disease. The outfit doing the deed was,
of all people, the Centres for Disease Control - the U.S. federal government
itself. Four hundred black men were involved, according to the rumor.

Only it turned out to be the truth. Commonly referred to as the Tuskegee
Experiment, the story surfaced in 1972. There was outrage, congressional
hearings, legislation to regulate certain types of medical research. Blacks who
often had put stock in rumors now had a kind of Rosetta's stone to rub:
Tuskegee.

Tuskegee seems to have given many rumors currency, legs to stand on. But failing
to look within can be detrimental, says Michael Eric Dyson, a black scholar at
University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill who has widely studied matters of
race.

"There's a powerful mix of rumor, fantasy and paranoia, along with legitimate
concerns about the government that, when mixed, is a dangerous combination," he
said. "The rumors and conspiracies become escape valves for internal illogic.
Rumor becomes a way to make sense of the puzzle and the pain. ... Rumor allows
black people to take back the power they lost, to reclaim a sense of authority
over the forces that have taken over their lives. ... So often, reason obscures
basics of reality and truth. ... Reason is often the handmaiden of evil. Black
folks know this."

Case in Point

Someone began killing young black boys in Atlanta in the early 1980s. Rumors
bounced through the community, into urban America. Dick Gregory roamed college
campuses, saying the CIA had been abducting the black youths, conducting
experiments. A lot of folk listened rapturously. James Baldwin - frail at the
time, battling writer's block, looking for a story, still a grave black icon -
went to Atlanta himself. Before long, Baldwin was whispering conspiracy, talking
in biblical terms about "the evidence of things not seen."

It turned out to be not the CIA, but a two-bit freelance news photographer named
Wayne Williams, himself black. He was convicted in two of the killings, and is
serving two consecutive life terms in prison.

The CIA theory notwithstanding, there is no disputing that crack flourishes in
some black and urban communities, where it can, and often does, breed lethal
crime.

There are those who wish the rumors about the CIA connection would have sent
blacks down another road - soul-searching perhaps, devising ways to get family
members and acquaintances off crack, to become more intense in efforts to rid
their communities of the drug.

"The more insecure a people are," said Rodney Coates, director of the Black
World Studies program at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, "the more reliant
they are upon rumors and plots of conspiracy to explain the unknown.

"You abdicate responsibility by displacing problems on some external entity.
This isn't to say the CIA doesn't have an influence in promoting drugs. But its
involvement, from what is known, is minimal. So it allows you to promote an
illusion. Rather than dealing with crack addiction - with an uncle or a mother
who might be selling crack - we deal with a conspiracy. Folk would rather
displace the blame."

Dyson feels somewhat differently.

"The absurdity of white racism," he said, "is so real to black folk that at some
point we say, 'Of course this is true.' Because rumor becomes the only way to
fight white racism. ... If you're right, look at what you end up gaining. You
might expose the government and some nefarious plot. As they used to say in the
'60s: 'Just because I'm paranoid, doesn't mean ain't nobody after me."'

Truth and Rumors

Below are examples of often-repeated rumors most commonly believed by many
blacks.

AIDS

AIDS is a government-launched conspiracy, an example of genocidal warfare.
Origins of the disease have been traced to Africa, further igniting suspicion
among some blacks. The disease, which first spread widely in the homosexual
community, also has caused worry among heterosexuals. Black health officials
have advocated better education in black communities to warn of potential risks.
There has been no proof of any genocidal warfare.

Drugs

Law-enforcement agencies, from the CIA to the Border Patrol, have been
instrumental in bringing drugs into U.S. black communities in an effort to
cripple blacks. Some blacks often cite CIA-backed LSD experiments on citizens to
bolster this rumor. Many, aware of CIA links to the Nicaraguan rebels during the
civil war in the 1980s, did not find it difficult to believe recent reports that
the CIA might be linked to rebels who allegedly ran drugs into Los Angeles.
There has been no proof of a drug scheme to harm black America.

Snapple

Many blacks believe the soft drink has the backing of the Ku Klux Klan, pointing
to the letter K on the label, as well as to an old ship they say depicts a slave
vessel. Three top company managers called a press conference to deny that
Snapple had anything to do with the Klan. They said they were "three Jewish boys
from New York," and the K on the label meant the drink was kosher. The ship,
they added, came from an old drawing of the Boston Tea Party, and the label was
later changed to make that more apparent.

Liz Claiborne

Some blacks believe the designer once stated on the Oprah Winfrey television
talk show that she didn't want black women wearing her clothes. Claiborne says
she never said anything of the sort, nor did she even appear on Oprah.
Nonetheless, Winfrey has had to repeatedly deny that Claiborne ever made the
statement. "People still call about that rumor," a spokesman for the show said.
"It's not true. So we just tell people it's safe to buy Liz Claiborne clothes."

Church's Chicken

Many blacks believe the chicken is fried in a special batter that can cause
sterility among black men. The rumor might have run its course, but several
Church's outlets in inner cities across America have found it difficult to cope
with the fallout, and were forced to close.


LOAD-DATE: January 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: GAZETTE PHOTO ILLUSTRATION BY GAMBOLI

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 24, 2016 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Why Readers See The Times as Liberal

BYLINE: By LIZ SPAYD

SECTION: Section SR; Column 0; Sunday Review Desk; THE PUBLIC EDITOR; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1128 words


I HAVE been here less than a month, but already I've discovered something that
surely must be bad for business if your business is running The New York Times.
It comes via the inbox to the public editor, from people like Gary Taustine of
Manhattan, who writes: ''The NY Times is alienating its independent and
open-minded readers, and in doing so, limiting the reach of their message and
its possible influence.''

One reader from California who asked not to be named believes Times reporters
and editors are trying to sway public opinion toward their own beliefs. ''I
never thought I'd see the day when I, as a liberal, would start getting so
frustrated with the one-sided reporting that I would start hopping over to the
Fox News webpage to read an article and get the rest of the story that the NYT
refused to publish,'' she says.

Here's frustration as it crests, from James, an Arizona reader: ''You've lost a
subscriber because of your relentless bias against Trump -- and I'm not even a
Republican.''

You can imagine what the letters from actual conservatives sound like.

Emails like these stream into this office every day. A perception that The Times
is biased prompts some of the most frequent complaints from readers. Only they
arrive so frequently, and have for so long, that the objections no longer land
with much heft.

Like the tiresome bore at a party, I went around asking several journalists in
the newsroom about these claims that The Times sways to the left. Mostly I was
met with a roll of the eyes. All sides hate us, they said. We're tough on
everyone. That's nothing new here.

That response may be tempting, but unless the strategy is to become The New
Republic gone daily, this perception by many readers strikes me as poison. A
paper whose journalism appeals to only half the country has a dangerously
severed public mission. And a news organization trying to survive off revenue
from readers shouldn't erase American conservatives from its list of prospects.

No one here would tell me the ideological breakdown of The Times's total
audience or subscriber base, numbers that are considered proprietary. I know
only that there is unease in at least a few offices about whether The Times
feels sufficiently relevant to a broad slice of readers.

Why is it that conservatives, and even many moderates, see in The Times a
blue-state worldview? Let's set aside for now the core of their criticism --
that the coverage is in fact biased. I'll be turning to that as I settle into
the job. My focus here is only on the perceptions. Because while one might
debate the substance of the claims, the building blocks that created them are in
plain sight.

The home page is a good place to start. Anchoring its top right corner is the
Opinion section, which promotes the columns and editorials of its mostly liberal
writers. ''Readers know the difference between opinion and news,'' you'll often
hear. I'm not so sure all do, especially when the website makes neighbors of the
two and social platforms make them nearly impossible to tease apart.

Maybe we're well past worrying about that. So turn to the drumbeat of Hillary
Clinton campaign ads on the website. Even for me, who fully knows an ad from a
news story, seeing Clinton's smiling face when I've come to read the news can be
rather jarring.

How about all the reader comments attached to political articles? On most days,
conservatives occupy just a few back-row seats in this giant liberal echo
chamber, not because Republicans are screened out by editors but because they
don't show up in the first place. Bassey Etim, who oversees the comments forum,
makes a point of salting conservative voices into the week's list of top
commenters. ''It just makes the conversation more dynamic and interesting,'' he
says.

For some print readers, the placement of an editorial calling for gun control on
the front page last December, which garnered a record number of comments, was
shrill proof of the kind of Times bias they expect. There was a torrent of
debate over the appropriateness of its placement.

I asked Dean Baquet, the executive editor, about the perception of liberal bias
that hangs over his newsroom, whether from the gun editorial, the Clinton ads,
or the actual work of his journalists. He doesn't believe that the coverage on
most days has a liberal cast, nor does he think campaign ads or the rare
front-page editorial create that perception.

But he does want The Times's reach to be wide. ''We have to be really careful
that people feel like they can see themselves in The New York Times,'' he said.
''I want us to be perceived as fair and honest to the world, not just a segment
of it. It's a really difficult goal. Do we pull it off all the time? No.''

I agree with Baquet: It isn't easy. But it's not hard to imagine some small
steps on a longer journey -- leaving editorials on the editorial page, banning
campaign ads from the home page, or building a better mix of values into the
ranks of the newsroom's urban progressives.

That last one might even help reporting between the country's coastlines, where
the trust level can be gaping. Mark Leibovich, a veteran political writer on the
magazine staff whose job entails talking to voters across the spectrum, believes
The Times's coverage is generally balanced. But the perception that it isn't
complicates his job. ''It's becoming a much more menacing factor,'' he said.
''You get hit with complaints that we're biased pretty much whenever you go out,
especially at a Republican rally.''

WHAT'S happening at The Times isn't only about The Times. It's part of a
fracturing media environment that reflects a fractured country. That in turn
leads liberals and conservatives toward separate news sources. A Pew Research
Center survey two years ago found that liberals are flocking to The Times, with
65 percent of its readers possessing political values that were left of center.

Does that mean The Times should write off conservatives and make a hard play for
the left and perhaps center left? I hope that question is not on the table. It
would change everything about what the paper is and the force of its journalism.

Imagine what would be missed by journalists who felt no pressing need to see the
world through others' eyes. Imagine the stories they might miss, like the
groundswell of isolation that propelled a candidate like Donald Trump to his
party's nomination. Imagine a country where the greatest, most powerful newsroom
in the free world was viewed not as a voice that speaks to all but as one that
has taken sides.

Or has that already happened?

Follow the public editor on Twitter @spaydl and read her blog at
publiceditor.blogs.nytimes.com. The public editor can also be reached by e-mail:
public@nytimes.com




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/24/public-editor/liz-spayd-the-new-york-times-pub
lic-editor.html

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              915 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2016 Saturday

Ohio: Burke trainees sweep Friday features at the Meadowlands

LENGTH: 477  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Columbus: The United States Trotting Association has issued the following news
release:



  Ron Burke trainees Sayitall BB and Its Huw You Know swept Friday (March 25)
evening's co-featured $15,000 events at The Meadowlands, and the 50¢ Pick 5 went
without a five-of-five winner, prompting a carryover in excess of $31,000 to
Saturday's card.





 The featured top-level distaff pace, carded as the sixth event, saw Sayitall BB
($3.80) make good at odds-on, dueling clear and edging away late for a 1:52.4
score. The 5-year-old Tell All mare scored her 20th career win in front-end
fashion, turning in a virtual carbon copy to her victory two weeks prior.



 Joe Bongiorno put Sayitall BB in play from the outset, dueling clear of Clear
View Hanover (David Miller) through a :27.2 initial quarter. While Sayitall BB
saw no pressure through a :57 middle half, Do Your Job (Jim Marohn, Jr.)
sustained a first-over push on the far turn to claim second from a laboring
Clear View Hanover. Meanwhile, Sayitall BB was driven clear to a three-length
advantage off the corner, kept to task the length of the stretch to hold sway by
1-3/4 lengths. Purity (Vinny Ginsburg), sent off at 16-1, emerged from traffic
to just nab the staying Do Your Job for second.



 Just 20 minutes later, Its Huw You Know ($6.40) emerged late to capture the
$15,000 seventh-race trot. David Miller sent the 4-year-old Holiday Road gelding
to a clear lead, but yielded to Saratoga invader Newcastle (Brett Miller) after
a :28 first quarter. Its Huw You Know would enjoy a cozy pocket ride behind
Newcastle, who faced pressure from the first-over B Yoyo (Bongiorno) through
middle splits of :56.3 and 1:24.4.



 Its Huw You Know found a clear lane up the pegs at the eighth pole when
Newcastle broke, accelerating to the fore the instant room availed. The 9-time
winner held sway by a long half length, staving off a resurgent Scorcher Hall
(Marcus Miller)--who gapped the third-quarter duel before finding more--and a
late-rallying You're Majestic (Scott Zeron) in 1:54.



 The Burke Racing Stable, Mark Weaver, and Mike Bruscemi share ownership of
Sayitall BB and Its Huw You Know.



 Brett Miller and Andy McCarthy led all drivers on the night with two wins each.




 Total handle for the 12-race card was $2,871,616, marking an increase of
$262,507 over the corresponding Friday in March of 2015.



 Saturday (March 26) evening's first of 12 races is due off at 7:15 p.m. EDT.
The 50¢ Pick 5 spanning the first five races boasts a $31,206 carryover and a
guaranteed pool elevated to $75,000.  Both 20¢ Jackpot High 5 wagers carry over
as well, with the fifth race bolstered by $11,033 in added money and the finale
by $154,428 should either pool be captured by a lone winning ticket.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 25, 2016 Monday
                         The New York Times on the Web

A.F.L.-C.I.O. Leader Says Donald Trump Won't Sway Working Class

BYLINE: By MAGGIE HABERMAN

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Politics; Pg.

LENGTH: 888 words


As union officials convene at the Democratic National Convention in
Philadelphia, the president of the largest umbrella labor group in the United
States is bracing for a battle against a Republican nominee who is making a
direct appeal to union members.

In a wide-ranging interview about the 2016 presidential race, Richard L. Trumka,
the president of the A.F.L.-C.I.O., spoke some of his warmest words about
Hillary Clinton, the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee for president, and
predicted that appeals from her Republican opponent, Donald J. Trump, would
sound hollow to working-class voters.

''I think she's running to change America, not to manage America,'' Mr. Trumka
said, describing what he saw as a difference between the two. Asked if that
meant he considered her to be an agent of change, he replied, ''I do.''

That is a case that Mrs. Clinton will seek to make herself at the convention,
which will take place this week in a battleground state that the Trump campaign
is seeking to put in play in the general election because of its density of
working-class white voters, to whom he is directing his message.

Mr. Trumka is expected to address the convention on Monday.

He sat out the nominating fight between Mrs. Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders
of Vermont, but his organization endorsed her in June. He sees a campaign in
which his members will play a definitive role, and in which they will not be
swayed by Mr. Trump's ''appropriation'' of their issues like opposition to trade
deals.

''This election is going to be about two things -- it's going to be about income
inequality and raising wages,'' said Mr. Trumka, who is closely aligned with
Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, and who has, for months,
called on all candidates for president to address wage stagnation.

''Union members are really going to drive the debate about writing new economic
rules,'' Mr. Trumka said. ''That's the rise of Donald Trump -- people who think
the rules don't work for them.''

Mr. Trump's base of support is working-class white voters, and he plans to make
an effort to win voters in Rust Belt states. The Republican nominee also has
made a clear pitch for voters who backed Mr. Sanders, and this weekend he seized
on the news of a leak of hacked emails from Democratic National Committee staff
members who worked to thwart the senator.

Mr. Trumka predicted that Mr. Trump's pitch would fall on deaf ears.

''He doesn't appeal to the Sanders voters, because all of his solutions are at
the other end of the spectrum, with one exception, and that's trade,'' Mr.
Trumka said of Mr. Trump's plans to address the economy.

''I think he's tapped into the legitimate anger and frustration that's out
there,'' Mr. Trumka said. ''He knows a great issue and a powerful issue and a
powerful narrative when he sees it, and our narrative is very, very powerful.''

Mr. Trumka spoke before Mrs. Clinton's announcement on Friday of her
vice-presidential nominee, Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia. Like Mrs. Clinton, Mr.
Kaine supported the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade accord, which organized
labor strongly opposes.

Mr. Kaine was not among those whom Mr. Trumka listed as strong choices for Mrs.
Clinton's ticket; he favored Ms. Warren and Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio,
another progressive who is a favorite of the Democratic base. But he argued that
Mrs. Clinton had already proved she would be a reliable ally.

''I think she had a very positive influence on the platform,'' Mr. Trumka said
of the Democratic Party's statement of principles.

''She's done a good job of highlighting her skills and her credentials and her
strengths,'' he added. ''If you look at it dispassionately, there hasn't been
anyone who has better qualifications to run for president in a number of
decades. She knows things about foreign affairs that Donald Trump hasn't even
suspected.''

Mr. Sanders also ''did a great job in helping to shape the platform,'' Mr.
Trumka said. ''I think we all come together now.''

He said there would be a focused effort to inform his members and other voters
about Mr. Trump's views.

''He thinks our wages are too high. He thinks outsourcing is great. He thinks
Carl Icahn will be a great Treasury secretary,'' Mr. Trumka said of the activist
investor. ''There are still workers who remember all the jobs that Icahn
destroyed.''

The labor federation will focus primarily on six states: Florida, Missouri,
Nevada, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. All of those states are not only in
play in the presidential race but have competitive races for Senate or governor,
Mr. Trumka said.

With a large number of union households in most of those states, the labor group
plans to run television and online advertisements to move voters, as well as
registration drives.

Mr. Trumka said he was worried about Mr. Trump's ''loose talk'' about racial
divisions. ''That's not good for this country,'' he said.

He was confident that Mr. Trump's history -- including making his company's
products in places like China -- would leave a lasting mark with voters.

''We don't have to distort Trump's record,'' Mr. Trumka said. ''He will hang
himself.''

Find out what you need to know about the 2016 presidential race today, and get
politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the First Draft newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/25/us/politics/afl-cio-leader-says-donald-trump-w
ont-sway-working-class.html

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              917 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 29, 2010 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

U.S. seeks to bolster Kandahar governor, upend power balance;
Strategy aimed at weakening sway of Karzai's half brother

BYLINE: Joshua Partlow

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 1215 words

DATELINE: KANDAHAR, AFGHANISTAN


The governor of Kandahar, Tooryalai Wesa, is an outsider with little sway in the
province's politics, a mild-mannered academic who spent more than a decade in
Canada and is considered by many Afghans to be ineffectual.

Below him in rank but far more powerful in reality is provincial council chief
Ahmed Wali Karzai, a half brother of the president who has amassed a business
empire fed by foreign aid and, many allege, the opium trade.

It is a power balance that U.S. officials are trying to upend.

In the hope of pushing power brokers such as Karzai to the sidelines, American
officials are trying to infuse Wesa and his government with more clout and
credibility. They see better governance as a central part of a U.S.-led effort
that has brought thousands of troops to the region for a summer offensive
against the Taliban.

But the government headed by Wesa has severe problems of its own. It remains
understaffed, is viewed by many as corrupt and does not reflect the province's
tribal mix. Karzai and other allegedly corrupt political bosses who dominate
Kandahar show no sign of giving way.

"Wesa is a weak governor," said Rahmatullah Raufi, a former general and Kandahar
governor. "If Ahmed Wali Karzai wants him to die, he will die. If he says,
'Live,' he'll live."

U.S. planning for a new political strategy in Kandahar began last summer and
evolved out of a need to find a new way to deal with Karzai. The goal, said one
official involved in the planning, was to figure out how to "shape the
relationship without turning it into a completely unworkable confrontation."

Obstacles to reform

To bolster Wesa's beleaguered office, U.S. officials plan to hire about two
dozen Afghan staff members, to be split with the mayor. American helicopters
ferry Wesa to meetings, where U.S. officials take notes on his progress. They
hope that Wesa's attempts at grass-roots organizing, combined with an infusion
of funds into the province, can earn some support from a skeptical public.

To achieve reform, Wesa wants to build from the bottom up, making local tribal
councils more inclusive by bringing in representatives from a wider range of
villages. He expects that these councils will bring marginalized tribes back
into the political fold and, at the same time, create local structures that can
resolve grievances and more equitably hand out development money.

"Rather than an anti-power-broker campaign, it's a pro-government campaign,"
said Ben Rowswell, Canada's senior civilian representative in Kandahar.

The obstacles to reform are daunting. A series of assassinations has targeted
government employees and supporters. The latest high-level casualty was
Kandahar's deputy mayor, Azizullah Yarmal, who was fatally shot last week as he
prayed in a mosque.

Although the insurgency is still viewed negatively by a majority of Afghans,
polling late last year in Kandahar showed troubling trends: rising support for
the Taliban, declining confidence in the Afghan government and growing
dissatisfaction with foreign troops.

Part of the problem, according to Wesa and others, is the exclusion of key
Pashtun tribes from positions of power. President Hamid Karzai's Popalzai tribe,
part of the Zirak branch of the Durrani tribes, has come to dominate politics in
Kandahar. Other major tribes, such as the Ghilzai, whose most famous son is
Taliban leader Mohammad Omar, have lost influence. Two-thirds of the provincial
government positions are held by Zirak Durranis, and an even greater proportion
of district leaders and police chiefs -- 26 of 34 -- hail from these tribes,
according to U.S. military officials. None of the top officials at the district
level is a Ghilzai.

Afghan officials and their NATO allies also have failed to confront the network
of mafia-like bosses in Kandahar. In fact, NATO forces rely heavily on them,
particularly Ahmed Wali Karzai, who benefits from U.S. government contracts and
provides intelligence and security for logistics convoys.

Instead of pushing for his removal, U.S. officials want to consult with him more
regularly, partly in a bid to limit his power. Although the CIA has worked with
him for years on a narrowly focused counterterrorism mission, U.S. officials
said they need to broaden their relationship with him and have regular meetings
with him on Kandahar's political issues.

In a series of recent meetings, American civilian and military officials told
Karzai not to meddle in the work of the Afghan police, interfere with government
appointments or rig the upcoming parliamentary elections. Without issuing
specific threats, they made clear that, as one senior official put it, "it's
going to be painful" for him if he crosses these red lines.

U.S. military officials are also reviewing how much money gets funneled to him
through contracts and whether this can be reduced or spread among others.

Ahmed Wali Karzai's role

Confronting Ahmed Wali Karzai is no easy task. During his four-month tenure as
Kandahar's governor in 2008, Raufi repeatedly clashed with Karzai. Raufi tried
to convene a more inclusive tribal council as a way to pursue peace. But he said
Karzai saw this as a threat and scuttled the effort.

Karzai demanded that all provincial legislation be signed by him as well as the
governor, something Raufi opposed. Whatever the issue -- be it police
appointments, court cases or reconstruction programs -- Karzai was involved,
Raufi said. Before long, Raufi lost his job.

"He's like a chicken. Wherever he sees seeds, he tries to peck at them," Raufi
said. "With the existence of Ahmed Wali Karzai, it's not possible to develop
Kandahar."

Karzai could not be reached for comment. He has repeatedly denied any
involvement in illegal activities.

Karzai has told U.S. officials that he will support the military offensive in
Kandahar. "He knows this surge is coming. . . . He knows his freedom of movement
is not going to be as good as it was," one U.S. official said. "His response has
been, 'Tell me what you want me to do.' "

When Wesa took over in December 2008, he had little experience with bare-knuckle
politics. He was an agriculture professor who had spent 13 years in Vancouver.
When he returned to Kandahar, where he founded the local university, he had
difficulty recognizing the place.

"I've lived in Kandahar during the good days. Now I have to go through the bad
ones," he said.

In front of crowds, Wesa often appears placid. But he has become adamant about
building local councils into relevant organizations, demanding that
representatives from each village attend weekly meetings or risk losing aid
money.

At these meetings, Wesa and his lieutenants have heard complaints about
relatives killed and captured by U.S. troops. They have heard demands for new
schools, clinics, irrigation systems and, above all, safety. As Wesa concluded
his council meeting in Arghandab last week, a rocket slammed a hill looming over
the conference hall, raising a cloud of dust and smoke.

At another meeting in Panjwai district, Wesa asked whether one representative
from each village would show up in two weeks. The crowd murmured in noncommittal
tones. It was unclear how convincing this cleanshaven Canadian transplant was to
the bearded and turbaned men in a Taliban stronghold.

"Everybody's so silent," Wesa observed. "It's like you are Buddhas."

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Julie Jacobson/associated Press; Army Pfc. Nicholas Claffey of
Rochester, N.Y., searches an Afghan man during a patrol in the Maiwand district
of Kandahar. American officials are adopting a new political strategy for this
southern province.
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           December 15, 1998 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

`Leftover' $2m helped sway African voters;
BLACK DAY FOR IOC

BYLINE: JACQUELIN MAGNAY and GLENDA KORPORAAL

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 339 words


Sydney Olympic bid officials channelled $2 million of "left-over" money to the
Australian Olympic Committee to sway crucial wavering African votes to win the
2000 Games.

The AOC set up a trust fund with the money to administer an African Olympic
Training Centre at the Australian Institute of Sport in Canberra, a political
move openly credited with ensuring Sydney's bid success against five other
cities, including the

hot favourite, Beijing.

The AOC president, Mr John Coates, defended the action yesterday, saying: "It is
very hard when you are looking for votes and you are visiting these countries
and you know how wealthy our countries are not to offer some help. I put it to
the Sydney bid committee that we should try and help Africa be represented at
the Sydney Games and it was part of the strategy of the bid. The idea was to try
and do something for African sports and if that reflects on our bid, so be it."

The revelations about the African training centre come as the International
Olympic Committee has come under pressure to broaden its current investigation
into the bidding process surrounding the 2002 winter Games host, Salt Lake City.

But the spotlight is now on Sydney's covert courting of votes with the
establishment of the African Olympic Training Centre, which is funded entirely
out of money from the $2 million AOC trust.

Twenty two athletes and coaches from 11 African countries have been recipients
of a $9,000 scholarship every year since 1994. The scheme will be disbanded at
the end of next year, although the balance of the money, currently $1.4 million,
will be used to help provide a pre-Olympic training base for the African
countries in Adelaide in 2000.

The Olympics minister at the time of the bid, Mr Bruce Baird, said yesterday
that the African Olympic Training Centre was different from the situation which
has embroiled Salt Lake City. "The African training centre has nothing to do
with IOC members, relatives or their friends," he said. "Athletes are chosen on
their merits and given assistance."

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing: By Cathy Wilcox

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1998 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           November 4, 2006 Saturday
                                 Metro Edition

In last-minute ads, negative is the norm;
The Kline-Rowley race, arguably the state's most acrimonious, is a case study in
ugly attacks.

BYLINE: Kevin Diaz, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 764 words

DATELINE: Washington, D.C.


Minnesota Democrat Coleen Rowley doesn't know the difference between a Nazi and
a U.S. Marine. Her Republican opponent, incumbent John Kline, has been corrupted
by special interests.

That, at least, is what they say about each other.

In the waning days of the midterm congressional elections, candidates from
Minnesota and across the nation are getting down to what they think voters
really ought to know.

As they finish spending an estimated record $2 billion on political advertising,
they sometimes emphasize such leading issues as Iraq, the budget deficit and
health care. Just as often, they don't.

In down-to-the-wire TV ads, debates and campaign fliers, themes of character
hold sway instead. Analysts say the campaigns are pulling out all the stops,
getting personal and going as negative as the ebb and flow of politics demands.

"Everyone sees what the stakes are," said Joseph Kunkel, a political scientist
at Minnesota State University, Mankato. "We're talking about control of the
government."

It's not always a pretty picture. The tougher the fight, analysts say, the more
likely voters are to hear appeals that have little to do with the issues they'll
face in Congress.

In Virginia, for example, the close Senate race between Republican George Allen
and Democrat Jim Webb was taken over this week by attacks on lurid sexual
passages in some of Webb's past war novels. In Wisconsin, Democrat Ron Kind
stands accused of paying for sex - he voted to fund national studies on human
sexuality.

Everyone's playing hardball

Although Republicans have been associated with some of the most aggressive
campaign ads in recent years, they're not the only ones playing hardball. In
Minnesota, congressional candidate Patty Wetterling was accused of going
negative with a TV spot charging that GOP leaders "admitted covering up" the
predatory behavior of former Florida Rep. Mark Foley, who allegedly sent sexual
e-mails to teenage House pages.

In Pennsylvania, Democrats have run spots questioning the "family values" of
Republican Rep. Don Sherwood, who was accused by his former mistress of choking
her.

"Democrats have been reluctant to hit back and go negative," said national
Democratic strategist Peter Fenn, whose firm did the Wetterling ad. "This year,
they've said, `We're not going to sit back and let these guys cream us.'-"

Another reason for this year's uptick in negativity is the flood of campaign
cash, which enabled the candidates to hit the air early and often. Wetterling's
showdown with Republican Michele Bachmann has raked in a combined $4.6 million,
a record for a House contest in Minnesota.

"At this time of year, people often say that campaigns are getting nastier,"
Kunkel said. "Probably what's going on is it started earlier."

Negative attacks work

For better or worse, most analysts say the ugliness serves a purpose: It works.
It energizes a candidate's base and sways swing voters.

For their part, political operatives say negative attacks can sharpen
differences between candidates and bring to light important character traits.
The Kline-Rowley race, arguably the most acrimonious in the state, is a case
study.

In a recent flier, the Kline campaign charged that Rowley "approved comparing a
Marine Corps veteran to a Nazi."

The Marine is Kline, who was lampooned earlier this year on Rowley's campaign
website with a doctored photo making him look like Col. Klink of the old TV
series "Hogan's Heroes."

Rowley, known best as a pre-9/11 FBI whistleblower and Time magazine Person of
the Year, has long since apologized.

Reviving the issue now, she argues, serves no purpose but to distract voters
from more important fare such as the increasingly unpopular war in Iraq, which
she opposes and Kline supports.

"It's just a terrible low blow," Rowley said. "It's distracting trivia."

Kline's camp argues that negative is as negative does.

"We're discussing something that she did," said Kline campaign coordinator
Marcus Esmay. "A candidate's judgment and how they run their campaign are an
issue."

Besides the Col. Klink photo, Kline's side complains about a Rowley radio ad
linking his votes on price-gouging legislation to special interest money from
the oil and gas industry.

Kline said he's essentially being called corrupt.

Rowley said there's a difference between attacks based on votes and "ad hominem"
attacks based on character.

It's a fuzzy line.

Asked in a Minnesota Public Radio debate this week whether she believes Kline is
personally corrupt, Rowley said, "The `corrupt' I have to put in quotes."

Kevin Diaz is a correspondent in the Star Tribune Washington Bureau.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Star (Shelby, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 28, 2010 Wednesday

Will it be a home run? County officials, supporters head to Indianapolis to sway
Legion baseball

BYLINE: Graham Cawthon, The Star, Shelby, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 618 words


Apr. 28--SHELBY -- In 2008, an extra $4 million poured into Cleveland County.

Hotels were packed. Seats were taken at restaurants. And local shops saw a lot
of new faces.

County leaders and volunteers are hoping to recreate the magic by bringing the
American Legion World Series back to town on perhaps a permanent basis beginning
in 2011. And, after making the short list of potential host cities and recently
taking Legion officials on a tour of the area, hopefuls have one last chance to
sway Legion baseball to Cleveland County.

Friday night, the American Legion World Series Executive Committee and any
volunteers that want to come with will leave on two buses bound for
Indianapolis, Ind. There they will give their final demonstration to members of
the national subcommittee, who will announce the host city a few days later.

According to Eddie Holbrook, who helps lead the ALWS Executive Committee, the
county's vision for the World Series goes far beyond just baseball. If  the
games come to Cleveland County, it will be just one part of the 'World Series
Festival.'

"We want to be doing things uptown, sponsoring concerts, attending things at the
(Don) Gibson, Alive After Five, an outdoor concert at the stadium," Holbrook
said. "We're really trying to manufacture a whole lot more than a series of
baseball games."

As for who's taking the road trip to the national headquarters, Holbrook says
some bus seats haven't been claimed. But he doesn't want just anyone grabbing
them. He wants supporters who realize the national identity that will go with
hosting the games.

"We want fans who believe this is a golden opportunity for our community and
fans who believe it will make a positive economic impact," he said. "It's like
recruiting a new business (to the county) for the economic impact it has."

Holbrook, who wanted to thank those supporters that will make the bus trip
possible, said the next host city will hold the World Series from 2011 to 2014.
But the organization is seeking a home and it's likely that whichever city lands
the games for 2011 will host them on a permanent basis.

What: American Legion presentation in Indianapolis, Ind.

When: Friday, 11 p.m. Buses will leave from behind the Law Enforcement Center in
Shelby.

"Don't drive up at 11," Holbrook said. "Get there early."

Who is wanted: Space is limited and only about 15 seats are left on the buses.
Want to go? Contact Eddie Holbrook at 704-473-7865 or Emily Sisk at
704-484-6626. The bus ride is free but you will need to pay for hotel
accommodations.

Weekend plans:

The bus should arrive in Indianapolis around 9 a.m. Saturday. After checking
into the hotel, supporters can visit the city and possibly take a bus trip to
local tourist spots. In other words, it's low key. The only item on the weekend
agenda is the Sunday presentation at the national headquarters, which will take
place around 3:30 p.m. About 100 people in all will be on hand representing
Cleveland County's bid.

Following the presentation, the bus will depart for Shelby around 5 to 5: 30
p.m.

Reach City Editor Graham Cawthon at 704-669-3334.

The Star's City Editor Graham Cawthon will be along for the ride and will post
updates and photos throughout the weekend. If you can't make the trip, follow it
online at shelbystar.com or on Twitter at "GrahamCawthon."

To see more of The Shelby Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.shelbystar.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Star, Shelby, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100428-SS-Will-it-be-a-home-run-County-officials-supporters-head-to-Indianapol
is-to-sway-Legion-baseball-0428

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SS


                            Copyright 2010 The Star


                              921 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              May 3, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Big givers propel Clinton, other 2008 leaders;
That gives fewer people more sway over candidates, some campaign experts say

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 1058 words


WASHINGTON -- Nancy Corzine used to vote exclusively for -- and give money to --
Republicans. Until she met Hillary Rodham Clinton.

"I think she's one of the best-informed people in the Senate," said the interior
designer, who said she talks up Clinton to friends, workers in her Los Angeles
furniture factory, even cab drivers.

Corzine, no relation to New Jersey Gov. Jon Corzine, contributed $4,600 to
Clinton's  presidential campaign this year. That is the maximum the law allows
an individual to give a single candidate for the primary and general elections.

Nearly half of the $26 million Clinton raised for her White House bid in the
first three months of the year has come from givers such as Corzine, according
to a USA TODAY analysis of campaign-finance data filed with the Federal Election
Commission (FEC). The Democratic New York senator has relied more heavily on
donors who have hit the $4,600 limit than any other candidate.

Shared views, more access

Campaign-finance laws limit contributions from individuals to $4,600, or $2,300
apiece for the primary and general elections. Overall, nine of the 11
presidential candidates who raised at least $1million during the first three
months received at least one such donation, the analysis shows.

The reliance on big givers bothers some campaign-finance experts, who say it
gives fewer people more sway over a candidate. It also shrinks the fundraising
base for candidates, since these big donors cannot give any more.

Many of these donors open their address books for the campaigns, hoping to raise
hundreds of thousands more for their favorite candidate and perhaps curry favor
in the future. "When people ... provide a total of $25,000, $50,000 or $100,000
or more to a candidate, the candidate takes notice and is more inclined to give
them access, spend time with them and perhaps absorb their point of view," said
Steve Weissman of the non-partisan Campaign Finance Institute.

Overall, Clinton collected the maximum donation from more than 2,600 people,
raising about $12 million, the analysis shows. Illinois Sen. Barack Obama
collected about $320,000 from about 70 people who gave the maximum. Each raised
about $26 million in the first three months of the year, significantly more than
their Democratic rivals.

Among Republicans, former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani tapped more than 600
people who gave the maximum donation. These donors account for nearly $3 million
of the $14.8 million he raised in the first quarter.

Former New York congressman Bill Paxon, a Washington lobbyist, has given the
maximum to Giuliani. Paxon was one of President Bush's Pioneers, individuals who
collected at least $100,000 for Bush's two White House bids.

Though Paxon said he does not plan to become a major Giuliani fundraiser, "I've
written my check and certainly have had the opportunity to talk with other Bush
Pioneers" about him.

The big givers to campaigns this year are diverse, including New York Yankees
owner George Steinbrenner (a Giuliani giver) and fashion designer Oscar de la
Renta (a Clinton contributor). Barbara Kasler, a Detroit retiree, gave to
Colorado Rep. Tom Tancredo because the Republican shares her concerns about
rising illegal immigration.

Obama's big donors range from actor Tom Hanks and Internet mogul Barry Diller to
William Kennard, who headed the Federal Communications Commission under
President Clinton and is managing director of  a private equity firm.

Former Virginia lieutenant governor Don Beyer is among those who have given the
maximum to Obama. Beyer also raised $250,000 from friends and associates for the
Illinois senator and hopes to collect another $250,000 by the end of November.
"If I raise half a million dollars, I will probably have a higher profile than
someone who gives $1,000," said Beyer, who owns several Volvo dealerships. "But
we're all valuable. We're all important. There is no quid pro quo."

Wealthy people, networks

Clinton's fundraising prowess with big donors reflects her effort "to show she
could raise money in a big push," said Paul Herrnson, an expert on political
fundraising at the University of Maryland in College Park. "She went where the
money was."

Clinton spokesman Blake Zeff said the campaign has "great potential" for broad
support. None of the 250,000 people who contributed to Clinton's two successful
Senate campaigns has given the maximum donation, he said.

At this stage, Herrnson said, no candidate is likely to have drained the
available pool of big givers. These donors "are wealthy people," he said. "They
are in networks of other wealthy people, who are capable of producing more
money."

That's what Steve Grossman, a former Democratic National Committee chairman and
Clinton fundraiser, counts on.

Grossman, a Massachusetts businessman, has contributed $4,600 to Clinton and is
among the 84 bundlers of campaign cash identified by her campaign. Each has
collected at least $100,000.

"Broadening the base is the name of the game," he said. He hosted a brunch at
his home outside Boston for 60 to 80 people Sunday. "Sixty percent of the people
coming to the brunch have not done any fundraising," Grossman said before the
event.

Final tallies of all the individuals who have given the maximum contribution to
presidential candidates are not available. That's because the candidates report
these donations to the FEC as they refund contributions or shift them between
elections to avoid exceeding donation limits.

Republican Mitt Romney raised money for the primary only during the first three
months of the year and plans to refund any contribution over the $2,300 limit
set for that election, spokesman Kevin Madden said.

Lobbyist William Nixon has persuaded several of his clients to contribute to the
former Massachusetts governor. Altogether, he estimates he has raised
$20,000-$30,000. Nixon said neither he nor his clients expect anything in
return. "To feel you can buy a president's support, even if you have maxed out
for him, is something that only a neophyte would believe," he said.

Corzine, the Clinton supporter, also plans to do more. She will organize a
fundraiser for the former first lady this summer. "I'd love to raise million and
millions" for Clinton, she said. "But more important than money is the number of
people I can convince that she's the best person for the job."

Contributing: Paul Overberg

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, 1998 photo by Scott K. Brown, AP
PHOTO, B/W, 2001 photo by Kenneth Lambert, AP
PHOTO, B/W, Robert F. Buakty, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              922 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           November 29, 2011 Tuesday

Jon Wilner on college football: Andrew Luck, the student, not part of Stanford's
Heisman push

BYLINE: By Jon Wilner Mercury News

SECTION: SPORTS; Breaking; College Sports; Stanford; News

LENGTH: 651 words


Stanford unleashed a full-throttle Heisman Trophy push Tuesday for quarterback
Andrew Luck.

Coach David Shaw conducted a teleconference for national media and a news
conference for Bay Area reporters that included a PowerPoint presentation and a
rare look inside Stanford's playbook.

Shaw said the P.R. blitz "was something I wanted to do when we had this break"
at the conclusion of the regular season. The timing couldn't have been better,
although Stanford missed an opportunity to promote Luck's impressive off-field
qualifications.

The Heisman favorite all season, Luck has lost momentum in recent weeks and is
locked a three-way race for the award, which will be presented in New York City
on Dec. 10. (Ballots are due Sunday.)

His primary challengers are Baylor quarterback Robert Griffin III and Alabama
running back Trent Richardson, who leads Luck by a few votes in the
well-respected Heisman Pundit tracking poll of 13 voters scattered across the
country.

To a certain extent, Luck's candidacy has been undermined by his own success.
Because he finished second in the Heisman voting last year and because he's
considered the best college quarterback in years, expectations are
stratospheric.

Voters are as likely to focus on the one interception he threw against Notre
Dame as the four touchdown passes.

"There's a certain truth to that," Shaw said. "But that can't be his fault."

With both the national and local media, Shaw focused on Luck's ability and
performance -- everything from his off-the-charts efficiency in the red zone to
his standing as the only quarterback in history to be 3-0 against both Notre
Dame and USC.

Shaw also emphasized that no player in college football comes close to matching
Luck's role as a coach on the field: He decides at the line of scrimmage which
play -- from a group of three called by the coaches -- Stanford will run.

If none of the three is right for the defensive alignment, Luck has the option
to call an audible of his choosing.

Shaw then used his PowerPoint to illustrate what that entails. One play appeared
on the screen as this:

96 Sway Tango Edge Kill Spider 2 Y Banana Z Reno Alert 6 Zeus.

There are hundreds like that in the playbook.

"To say Andrew is just a quarterback is misleading," Shaw said.

What does Luck think of Stanford's Heisman push? He wasn't available for comment
Tuesday, but one can guess: It makes his stomach turn.

"I told him, 'Andrew, over the next week, we're going to talk about you a lot,
and you're going to hate every minute. Don't pay attention,' " Shaw recalled.

"But this is necessary. And the best thing is, none of it is fabricated."

It did seem a tad incomplete, however.

Stanford's focus Tuesday was largely on Luck's skill and success as a
quarterback. There was little mention of his off-field accomplishments,
including a 3.48 grade-point average in architectural design and being named
first-team all-academic by the Pac-12 Conference.

This is the perfect time for Stanford to cast Luck as not only a terrific
quarterback but the embodiment of the integrity for which the Heisman is
purported to stand. The school should be placing as much emphasis on his
character as his efficiency rating. That approach could sway undecided Heisman
voters weary of the last year's scandals involving USC's Reggie Bush and
Auburn's Cam Newton.

You can hardly fault Shaw for failing to capitalize on this. He's a football
coach. His job is not to craft the message; it's to deliver it. Whoever
formulated Tuesday's media blitz missed a central element to the Heisman
equation.

After all, the only reason Stanford is promoting Luck in the first place is
because he stiff-armed the NFL last winter. His motivation for doing so wasn't
to master 300 plays each week. It was to earn his degree.

For more on college sports, see Jon Wilner's College Hotline at
blogs.mercurynews.com/collegesports . Contact him at jwilner@mercurynews.com or
408-920-5716.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Stanford quarterback Andrew Luck and Stanford defensive line Terrence
Stephens, left, sing with the crowd after the game at Stanford University in
Stanford, California on Saturday, November 26, 2011. The Stanford Cardinal beat
the Notre Dame Fighting Irish, 28-14. (Jim Gensheimer/Mercury News)
Stanford quarterback Andrew Luck greets Notre Dame starting quarterback Tommy
Rees after the game at Stanford University in Stanford, California on Saturday,
November 26, 2011. The Stanford Cardinal beat the Notre Dame Fighting Irish,
28-14. (Jim Gensheimer/Mercury News)
Stanford quarterback Andrew Luck smiles on the sideline during the final moments
of an NCAA college football game against Oregon State in Corvallis, Ore.,
Saturday, Nov. 5, 2011. Luck threw for 206 yards, rushed for 28 yards and threw
three touchdown passes as they beat Oregon State 38-13.(AP Photo/Don Ryan)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            October 22, 2012 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Candidates must shine in Florida; Performance in foreign policy debate could
earn vital votes in tight race

BYLINE: William Marsden, Postmedia News

SECTION: CANADA & WORLD; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 860 words

DATELINE: BOCA RATON, FLA.


Foreign policy was not supposed to be a vital issue in this election, but with
the race to the White House in such a dead heat, no candidate can afford a
misstep that could swing even a thousand voters during Monday's third and final
presidential debate.

The fact that Monday's foreign policy debate is in the critical battle ground
state of Florida, creates added significance. U.S. President Barack Obama and
Republican challenger Mitt Romney will have to tread lightly across a
demographic that is both diverse and demanding, and very likely holds the key to
victory.

"This race is so close, there are so few undecided voters, the polls are so even
that from here on I think every handshake matters, every debate performance
matters, everything matters," said Prof. Robert Watson, a veteran historian of
Florida politics at Lynn University.

While both candidates desperately need this state, Romney in particular needs
Florida's 29 electoral votes if he is going to have any chance of taking the
White House because the other two states with the most electoral votes - New
York and California - are firmly in Obama's camp.

The state's demographics, which include veterans, retirees, a large black and
Latino population, as well as a sizable Jewish community, mirror that of the
United States as a whole. "So we have emerged not only as the most important
swing state but also the major bellwether state where candidates can kind of
test their message and see how they are running with every major demographic
that they want to target," he said. "We always say the road to the White House
runs through Florida but it literally does with the debate at Lynn University."

Watson holds about three town hall meetings a week during the election as he
surveys voter trends in the state. In his most recent meeting, he met with about
12 voters in nearby Delray Beach to discuss foreign policy. Three of the four
Jewish voters said that Israel was their Number 1 issue. One of the voters said,
""Israel, Israel, Israel are my three top issues and Obama is a Muslim."

"What do you do," Watson asked, referring to the inaccurate reference to Obama,
who is a Christian. "It is what it is."

He notes that the Jewish community, which voted 78 per cent for Obama in 2008,
is crucial for the Democrats. While they represent only 3.5 per cent of
registered voters, the fact that they come out in big numbers compared with the
black or Latino communities increases their percentage to eight.

Florida is said to be a southern state in the north and a northern state in the
south. The middle is agrarian like the Midwest. The Democrats' main stronghold
is in the heavily populated southeast from Miami up along the Atlantic coast on
I-95 past the cities of Fort Lauderdale and Boca Raton to the I-4 east-west
corridor that slices the state in half. Democrats have to score big there in
order to take the state, Watson said.

A plethora of major foreign policy/national security issues confronts the
candidates including the Arab spring, the Syrian civil war, the assassination of
an American ambassador in Libya, Syrian-Turkish border clashes, China trading
practices, Russia and a nuclear Iran. Any one of these could blow up in the
final two weeks and a major gaffe Monday night could sink a candidate.

"It doesn't have to sway many voters," he said. If it only sways maybe a few
thousand voters in two key counties in a swing state, that could be a factor. So
do I think this debate matters? I think it absolutely is a key moment."

Moderator Bob Schieffer, host of the CBS political roundtable Face the Nation,
will be posing questions on six different foreign policy themes. As in the first
debate, the candidates will have two minutes to respond followed by 15 minutes
of discussion. He has not made public his questions, but the themes will
concentrate on the Middle East, trade, China and the U.S. role in the world.

Anna Krift, a professor of international relations at Lynn, said she hopes there
will be room for the environment, which, she noted, hasn't surfaced at all in
this election. "My students are very concerned about that issue," she said.

More than 120 Florida officials and scientists who are experts in sea level rise
have written an open letter to Obama and Romney asking that they discuss at the
debate climate change and sea level rise.

"This rise in sea level is now resulting in the flooding of city streets and
parking areas at seasonal high tides, the abandonment of drinking water wells in
coastal communities due to salt water intrusion, and the failure of flood
control structures to operate during high tides," the letter says.

Romney started the campaign with a clumsy trip to Europe during which he managed
to insult Britain by saying that it wasn't ready for the Olympics. But the
assassination of American Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other
Americans in Benghazi, Libya, gave him the issue he needed to attack Obama on
what he calls Obama's lack of leadership on national security issues.

Still, Obama polls well ahead of Romney on foreign policy issues. But in a race
where a few thousand votes matter, both candidates have to come ready to rumble.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bob Care, The Associated Press, Florida Keys News Bureau; Cat Rambo
carves her interpretation of Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney at
the Underwater Pumpkin Carving Contest Sunday in the Florida Keys National
Marine Sanctuary.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Survey shows race for Ohio still volatile;
Clinton has slight edge, but undecided voters could sway outcome.;
ELECTION 2016

BYLINE: By Laura A. Bischoff

SECTION: ; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1402 words


COLUMBUS - The presidential race in Ohio remains a volatile contest that could
break either way depending on how undecided voters and those supporting
third-party candidates make their final decisions, a new survey shows.

Democrat Hillary Clinton leads by 3 percentage points over Republican Donald
Trump in the poll, which the University of Akron conducted for this and other
Ohio news organizations.

Clinton's lead is hardly safe: More than one in five Ohio voters - 21 percent -
say they are undecided or plan to vote for either Libertarian Gary Johnson or
Green Party candidate Jill Stein. The outcome in Ohio hinges largely on how
those voters make their final decisions.

"Stein appears to be taking away Clinton voters, but Johnson seems to be hurting
both candidates," said John C. Green, director of the Bliss C. Institute of
Applied Politics at the University of Akron.

The poll included more than 1,000 interviews conducted between Sept. 21 and Oct.
13 and has a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percent.

In the poll - the third the consortium has done measuring Ohioans' attitudes on
a variety of topics, including negative ads and voter frustration - Clinton has
41 percent of likely voters in Ohio followed by Trump with 38 percent, Johnson
with 6 percent and Stein with 1 percent.

The results come as Clinton and Trump head to Wednesday's third and final
debate, another high-stakes showdown that could sway undecided Ohio voters.

" The third debate i s important to both candidates because it is the last time
to influence a large number of voters directly," Green said. "Because Trump is
running behind in many states, it is especially important for him to make a good
impression."

The poll shows the Ohio electorate has been anything but static during these
final weeks before the election.

Trump lost 7 points of support after his first debate performance, and then
nearly gained it all back after the vice-presidential debate that most observers
thought was won by his running mate, Mike Pence. But support for Trump tumbled
again after his second debate performance, the "Access Hollywood" videotape that
caught him describing sexual assault and the allegations from a number of women
who say he kissed or groped them without their permission - allegations he has
denied.

'Felt like a show'

Poll respondents interviewed about the debates say they've had an impact, but
also highlighted some of their frustrations about the tone taken by the two
campaigns.

"I think she took it seriously. He didn't," Vincent Chandler, a truck driver
from Akron, said about the debate performance of the two candidates. "It just
felt like a show to me. It felt more like a reality TV show than an actual
policy debate. And I think a lot of people are more interested in policy than
old scandals and everything else that comes up."

Linda Hampton, 56, a legal secretary in the Columbus area, agreed. "The campaign
has been far too negative, far too personal," she said.

Although Hampton said she plans to vote for Clinton, she isn't happy about the
way either campaign has been conducted. "I think it goes the same for Hillary,
unfortunately, because neither are explaining enough about how they will make
these things happen," she said. "They are spending too much time attacking each
other's character."

Green said the perceived weaknesses of the candidates are a big factor in the
closeness of the race: 55.1 percent view Clinton in somewhat or very unfavorable
terms, while 61 percent view Trump that way, according to the poll.

Gutter politics

No one on either side seems too happy about what they are hearing from the
candidates.

Jeannie Mercer of Wooster is a Trump supporter who said she believes he is a
strong leader who will "look at everything with a fresh eye."

But Mercer, who is 61, said the campaigns have taken the country "down the
gutter."

"I hate to see that," she said. "At 18 I had a lot of hope that this country
would be improving. And at this point, I think it's at the lowest point since I
was 18."

Mercer said she believes the race is closer than many people believe. "The
pundits want to say that Hillary Clinton is going to win, but I don't know that
they are paying attention to people like me," she said.

Despite small shifts, the race in Ohio has been close throughout the election
cycle. University of Akron pollsters surveyed the same group of Ohio voters on
important topics and concerns over several months. The data
providesmoreofafilmstripthan just a snapshot in time. Over the past few weeks,
Clinton and Trump have traded the lead back and forth but the race remains
close.

'Diverse state'

"Ohio is a very diverse state politically, reflecting social and political
divisions across the country," said Green. "And because of this
diversity,boththeDemocrats and Republicans have been lavishing attention on
Ohio. A new factor is the unpopularity of both candidates."

This much is clear: Clinton supporters can't stand Trump and Trump supporters
can't stand Clinton. A little more than 95 percent of Trump supporters hold an
unfavorable view of Clinton. A little more than 94 percent of Clinton voters
have an unfavorable view of Trump, according to the poll.

Amber Rhinehart, an administrative assistant who lives in Dayton, reflects the
level of animosity many feel toward one or both of the candidates. Rhinehart
says she'll vote for Trump - not because she likes him but she can't stand her.

"The biggest thing for me is the lying about the emails," she said.

Vilified candidates

The negativity toward Clinton has mostly obscured the historic and
groundbreaking nature of her campaign: She is the first woman nominated for
president by a major party.

But she is also a candidate with a 30-year history in the public eye and baggage
that seems to get heavier with each passing year. Already bruised by her use of
a private email server while she served as U.S. secretary of state, Clinton now
faces almost daily disclosures of hacked political emails and paid speeches made
to Wall Street high rollers.

Huge numbers of Americans say they don't trust her.

Trump, too, is a vilified figure. While Clinton's secret speech transcripts and
leaked emails from her campaign and the Democratic National Committee have
captured media attention, they have been nearly drowned out by bombshells
landing on the Trump side of the race.

The New York Times published a story Oct. 1 showing that Trump took nearly a $1
billion business loss in 1995, which would allow him to avoid paying federal
income taxes for 18 years. Six days later, audio leaked of Trump talking to
"Access Hollywood" host Billy Bush 11 years ago, when Trump said in crude terms
that his celebrity status allows him to kiss and grope women against their will.

The tape, made when Trumpwasa59-year-oldman on his third marriage, triggered
national outrage and debate over sexual harassment and assault.

Some Ohioans are so turned off by both candidates they say they won't vote for
either of them.

Sue Henry, 69, a retired school teacher who lives in Bexley, said she was
leaning toward Trump and then changed her mind because of his "prejudicial
statements against various groups."

But Henry doesn't like Clinton's history - starting with her time as an attorney
in Arkansas to her service as secretary of state and "her continuous lying" -
and says she will vote for Johnson instead.

"Gary Johnson, he may not be the brightest bulb in the pack, but he does not
seem - at least at this point in time, to my knowledge - to have
theimmensenumberofscandals that both of these two have in their past," Henry
said. "Could we at least have someone who professes to have a moral character be
president?"

Paul Boocher, a Wright State University student and Marine Corps veteran who
lives in West Carrollton, also said he supports Johnson.

"The first thing is he's not either of them," he said. "He's not perfect but he
just seems to be like the more well-rounded candidate."

'We're voting'

While many American voters are unhappy with the choices, as the election nears
the excitement for some is increasing.

Hampton, the legal secretary in the Columbus area, said she has backed Clinton
since before Trump entered the race and nothing is stopping her from voting.

"I'm even driving my 85-year-old mother to the polls," she said. "We're voting."

Doug Livingston of the Akron Beacon Journal, Nadia Pflaum ofWEWS, and Tom Troy
ofThe (Toledo) Blade contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              925 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            February 9, 2015 Monday
                                FA CHASE EDITION

U.S. set to crank up aid to Ukraine;
Merkel to meet with Obama, says arming Kiev won't sway Putin

BYLINE: Erin Kelly, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 293 words


The United States will send more economic help and "other kinds" of assistance
to Ukraine to help it defend itself against Russian-backed rebels, Secretary of
State John Kerry said Sunday.

Kerry said he could not provide any details of possible military equipment the
United States might send to help Ukraine fight the rebels.

"I have no doubt that additional assistance of economic kind and other kinds
will be going to Ukraine," Kerry said  on NBC's Meet the Press. "We do so
understanding that there is no military solution. The solution is a political,
diplomatic one."

Kerry spoke before German Chancellor Angela Merkel's visit to Washington today
to meet with President Obama about Ukraine and other issues. Merkel opposes
sending weapons to Ukraine and will try to sway members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee.

Some senators are pushing hard for the United States to provide heavy artillery
to Ukraine.

"We need to be providing defensive arms to the people of Ukraine," Sen. Ted
Cruz, R-Texas, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said on ABC's
This Week on Sunday. "We have a treaty obligation to stand with them." Cruz said
he doesn't believe the Obama administration is honoring that obligation.

French and British leaders  worry that sending arms will exacerbate the conflict
between Ukraine and Russia.

Merkel and French President Fran¸ois Hollande are pushing a cease-fire proposal
and plan to meet Wednesday in Belarus with Russia's Vladimir Putin and Ukrainian
President Petro Poroshenko to discuss a peace plan.

"The problem is that I cannot envisage any situation in which an improved
equipment of the Ukrainian army leads to a situation where President Putin is so
impressed that he will lose militarily," Merkel said  Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Pool photo by JIM WATSON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 28, 2014 Friday
                                    National

A Small Subset of Voters That Holds a Lot of Sway

BYLINE: By JOHN REYNOLDS.

jreynolds@texastribune.org

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; THE TEXAS TRIBUNE; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 1005 words


In modern-day Texas, the election that matters is usually the Republican
primary.

The winners who emerge from Tuesday's Republican primary and subsequent May 27
runoff elections will in most cases be the prohibitive favorites to win in
November.

But the low turnout in the statewide primaries -- about 8 percent of the voting
age population cast ballots in the 2012 primaries -- and the dominance of the
Republican Party in winning statewide elections means that a small subset of the
state's electorate holds considerable influence. Democrats have not won a
statewide race since 1994.

Estimates vary on what turnout will be in the Republican primary. Richard
Murray, a University of Houston political science professor, projects that about
1.2 million Texans will cast ballots in the Republican primary. (The University
of Houston is a corporate sponsor of The Texas Tribune.)

Marc DelSignore, a Republican pollster and strategist, put a ''realistic range''
on Republican turnout at 1.2 million to 1.6 million, with 1.5 million a likely
good estimate. He attributed his expectation of a higher turnout to the large
number of statewide candidates battling and buying ads in races for a slate of
open seats not seen in 12 years.

In the past three elections -- 2008, 2010 and 2012 -- the totals of Republican
primary voters have peaked at 8 percent of the state's voting-age population. If
Mr. Murray's 1.2 million Republican voter projection proves true, that would
equate to 6 percent of the state's adults.

That power of the 8 percent (or 6 percent) has implications for Texas and its
ability to address long-term public policy challenges thrown up by the state's
high rate of population growth, like a persistent achievement gap between
minority and Anglo schoolchildren.

Mr. Murray said one concern was that the makeup of the primary electorate did
not reflect the state at large.

The Republican primary voter, he said, tends to be older, better educated and
not ''just conservative'' but ''very conservative.''

For that matter, the Democratic primary also skews from the general population,
tending to be more liberal with a higher percentage of minority voters, Mr.
Murray said.

''It seems to me not to be a good situation,'' Mr. Murray said.

From the 1970s until the early 1990s, when the Democrats were in power in Texas,
participation as a percentage of the voting-age population in their primaries
regularly hit double digits. It peaked in 1972, when 28 percent of the
voting-age population voted.

Aside from the anomaly of the 2008 primary -- when the Hillary Rodham
Clinton-Barack Obama contest drove participation to 16 percent of the voting-age
population -- participation rates in the Democratic primary have sunk to the
3-to-6 percent range in the last 15 years.

Participation rates in the Republican primary have overtaken those in the
Democratic primary, though double-digit percentages have been elusive.

Mark McKinnon, a onetime media adviser to former President George W. Bush, said
the situation ''is problematic, because then government becomes even less
responsive to the real policy needs of voters, and reactive to minor but vocal
constituencies that are more likely to just create paralysis.'' (Mark McKinnon
is a donor to The Texas Tribune.)

Public schools, for instance, are facing big challenges. And an older Republican
primary electorate means less of those voters have children enrolled in public
schools. That produces, in turn, ''Republican legislators who just aren't very
interested in the issue,'' Mr. Murray said.

One solution could be scrapping the traditional party primary to break the
stranglehold that the parties' respective bases have on the Legislature, Mr.
Murray said.

He pointed to California, which is experimenting with nonpartisan primary
elections in which the top two vote-getters of all candidates go on to the
general election.

But the parties in Texas have not shown much interest in a wholesale overhaul of
the primary process, Mr. Murray said.

Mr. DelSignore said he was sympathetic to others' ''good government'' argument
that the best primary electorate was one more representative of the state as a
whole. But, he added, ''you go to work with the primary electorate you have, not
the one you want.''

The average Republican primary voter might not overlap with the average Texas
adult, he said, but the average primary voter also tends to follow politics more
closely and has a higher familiarity with the basic issues.

Mr. DelSignore highlighted the continued impact of the Tea Party on Texas
politics.

The continued appeal of United States Senator Ted Cruz is the embodiment of what
sets Republican voters in Texas apart from their counterparts elsewhere in the
nation, Mr. DelSignore said.

''Ted Cruz remains in a class by himself in terms of his positive image among
primary voters in Texas,'' he said. ''But in the larger universe, his negatives
are increasing greatly.''

To Mr. DelSignore, the biggest battle for candidates in this year's primary is
the one to have their names recognized by more voters than their opponents. The
overlap between Tea Party views and Republican primary voters create a shortcut
for candidates looking to cut through the clutter of a crowded ballot.

The result is a lot of political advertising from candidates who invoke illegal
immigration or the Affordable Care Act even though they would have no
jurisdiction over either issue if elected.

He argued, though, that it would be wrong to conclude that Republican primary
voters' sympathies with Tea Party views preclude them from assessing and
approving needed investments in the state's future.

He pointed to the approval in November of an amendment to the Texas Constitution
establishing a new source of funding for water projects as an example of the
limitations of the Tea Party's influence on Republican primary voters.

''We expected a bigger fight on that,'' Mr. DelSignore said. ''But we found out
early on that even in that older, more Republican crowd, there was support'' for
investment in infrastructure.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/28/us/a-small-subset-of-texas-voters-who-hold-a-l
ot-of-sway.html

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Republican primary could get about 6 percent of Texas adults
to vote. (PHOTOGRAPH BY CALLIE RICHMOND FOR THE TEXAS TRIBUNE)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              927 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 22, 2013 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

An Outcast's Death, and a Glimpse Into a Sect's Sway Over Children

BYLINE: By JOSEPH BERGER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 1392 words


BRIDGETON, N.J. -- Abe Weiss came home on the last Friday in September to find
the lifeless body of his girlfriend, Deb Tambor, on the bedroom floor of their
ranch house here.

Her body was propped up against the bed; underneath lay a bag of pills and a
half-empty bottle of vodka. Nearby were photographs of the woman's three
increasingly estranged children, including a snapshot of the eldest, Chaya, 13,
at her elementary school graduation.

Mr. Weiss said Ms. Tambor had written a telling diary entry after Chaya refused
to accept her graduation gift of a bouquet.

''I'm done living,'' the entry said. ''I can't take the pain. People say give it
a shot. But it's not working. I'm done.''

Ms. Tambor, 33, had forsaken the Hasidic Jewish world in which she was raised
and married, a decision that undermined her relationship with her children. Her
Skver Hasidic sect in Rockland County, N.Y., was concerned that Ms. Tambor's
freer lifestyle might be a subversive influence on the children, and whether it
swayed the children to keep their distance and limited her opportunities to
visit has become an emotionally charged question in wider Jewish circles.

Articles in The Forward, The Jewish Week and the online magazine Tablet and on
blogs run by Hasidic defectors, like Failed Messiah, have detailed the agonizing
challenges facing those who leave the insular world of Hasidim, where dress is
austere, the language is Yiddish and religious obligations structure each day.

Former Hasidim seeking child custody arrangements find that rabbis, community
leaders and Orthodox Jewish family therapists line up with money and witnesses
behind the Hasidic spouse. Such influence is especially powerful in a place like
Rockland, a county near New York City where one-third of the residents are
Jewish.

Lani Santo, executive director of the decade-old Footsteps, an organization that
has offered support to more than 800 Hasidic exiles, called Ms. Tambor's death
''a tipping point.''

''People are seeing there's a possibility of losing their children because the
Orthodox community thinks it needs to protect each child's Jewish soul,'' Ms.
Santo said, ''and will go to great lengths to sever ties between the child and
the parents leaving to become more modern.''

Given how wrenching to one's identity throwing off the Hasidic way of life can
be, she said, ''suicidality is really an issue that haunts many of our
members.''

The causes of suicide are complex, experts say, and it seldom can be attributed
to a single event. Ms. Tambor did not leave a note, and the official cause of
her death is awaiting toxicology tests.

Even before she divorced and had to work out custody arrangements to see her
children, she had a troubled history that included depression and, according to
friends, sexual abuse by a relative. But Ms. Tambor's friends and supporters say
her alienation from her children weighed most heavily, and for that they blame
her family and the rest of the Hasidic community she left behind.

A spokesman for the sect would not comment and another did not respond to
messages.

Ms. Tambor's ex-husband, Moshe Dirnfeld, declined to comment.

Yeedle Melber, a cousin of Mr. Dirnfeld, said close family members had told him
that Ms. Tambor began to have mental problems several years ago after she was
struck by a car. There followed an attempt to take her own life during the
marriage and hospitalization for five months at Rockland Psychiatric Center.

''She became unbalanced,'' said Mr. Melber, who is Hasidic. ''Her husband tried
everything in his power to hold things together. She started going in a bad
direction. There was a feeling the kids are not safe with her because of mental
issues.''

But Mr. Weiss and friends of Ms. Tambor said her psychological issues had been
exacerbated by the way she was treated. One friend, Shulem Deen, a divorced
father who had also left the Skver sect, wrote an essay for Tablet comparing Ms.
Tambor's ordeal to his own estrangement from his five children.

''I was unaware that my relatively meager resources were no match for a
powerfully resourceful community with an ideological stake in the future of my
children,'' Mr. Deen wrote. ''Most of all I was naïve about the powers of
religious extremism to control the minds of children themselves.''

The article describes how the children ''grew withdrawn in my presence, eating
dinner in silence and refusing the books and games I bought them,'' and
inspecting foods he offered to be sure they were kosher.

''Mommy says you want to turn us into goyim,'' he said a son told him, using the
Yiddish term for non-Jews.

Mr. Deen has not seen his two eldest children in five years, and the next two
eldest stopped allowing visits after they turned 13. His youngest son, now 11,
sees him grudgingly.

Family Court records are sealed. But an official in the state courts familiar
with the Tambor case, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said decisions in
the children's custody were based entirely on Ms. Tambor's mercurial behavior
and the previous suicide attempt.

''There was a unanimous feeling that the mother was in no shape to get custody
or even unsupervised visits,'' the official said. ''The fact that she tragically
took her own life is the clearest indication that what the experts said about
her psychiatric problems was right.''

Once someone leaves a sect, he or she often becomes a pariah, virtually disowned
by parents and siblings, Hasidic exiles say. Hasidim realize it is important for
a child to know a mother or a father, but, Mr. Deen said, they think they can
remedy the absence ''by getting the religious spouse to remarry.''

One confidant who recorded interviews with Ms. Tambor and spoke on the condition
of anonymity so as not to draw attention to himself said Ms. Tambor had told him
that she did not want to leave the Skver sect but was forced out because she had
accused an uncle of molesting her. Mr. Weiss and other friends also said Ms.
Tambor had told them of the abuse.

Ms. Tambor, a dark-haired woman with a broad smile, was the daughter of a
yeshiva principal in New Square, a Rockland County enclave of over 7,000
residents, all Hasidic, that was established as a village in 1961 to maintain
its insularity, a place where men and women walk on opposite sides of the street
to avoid mingling.

After leaving the sect four years ago, Ms. Tambor moved to New City and got her
first driver's license. She supported herself through Social Security payments
for her mental disability and took courses at Rockland Community College. She no
longer kept kosher or observed Sabbath, and became an avid Yankees fan --
something that would be an aberration for a Hasid because sports are generally
discouraged as a distraction from a pious life. Nine months ago she started
living here in Bridgeton, in southern New Jersey, with Mr. Weiss, 38, another
former Skver Hasid she had met on Facebook.

''She was a beautiful woman with a heart of gold and we really loved each
other,'' Mr. Weiss said.

He doubted that the car accident mentioned by Mr. Melber, the cousin of Ms.
Tambor's ex-husband, had caused psychological problems because, he said, she
injured her leg, not her head.

''It's all part of the cover-up of sexual abuse,'' he said.

While she was in the psychiatric hospital, her husband obtained a divorce and
custody of their three children, now ages 10, 11 and 13. Initially, Mr. Weiss
said, she was allowed a supervised visit once a month at a therapist's office.
By this past summer, she was allowed to see the children twice a month at a
sister's home in Monsey, a Rockland County community almost a three-hour drive
from Bridgeton.

Mr. Deen said Ms. Tambor had told him that she felt humiliated because the
children called her Devorah and called their stepmother Mommy. A son answered
her questions with a resentful yes or no.

''Do you know how it hurts to hear your kid say they don't want to see you?''
Ms. Tambor wrote on Facebook.

Two days after her death, Mr. Weiss and friends gathered in New Square, hoping
to attend her funeral. Eventually, two of Ms. Tambor's brothers picked Mr. Weiss
up and took him to a minivan parked outside the village. Inside the vehicle was
the coffin for him to view.

The next morning he learned in a text message that Ms. Tambor was being buried
at that moment in a cemetery on Long Island. It was too late for him to be
there.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/11/22/nyregion/outcast-mothers-death-and-questions-a
bout-jewish-sects-sway-over-children.html

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Ms. Tambor, 33, had forsaken the Hasidic Jewish world.
 The home in Bridgeton, N.J., where Deb Tambor died from an overdose of pills in
September. She had recently posted in her diary: ''People say give it a shot.
But it's not working. I'm done.'' (PHOTOGRAPH BY MARK MAKELA FOR THE NEW YORK
TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              928 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              June 18, 2012 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Sheriffs' alliance criticizes NRA poll ;
 Gun-rights survey called a 'tool' to sway elections.

BYLINE: By Dara Kam Palm Beach Post Capital Bureau

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1605 words


TALLAHASSEE -- It isn't often that Florida sheriffs back down from a fight.

But the National Rifle Association isn't any ordinary combatant.

The NRA's Florida lobbyist, Marion Hammer, sent a survey on behalf of the NRA
and the United Sportsmen of Florida, whom she also represents, to sheriffs
candidates around the state for the first time this month. The questions, which
critics say are lopsided, involve often controversial issues such as the state's
"Stand Your Ground" law and the sheriffs' opposition to an "open carry" bill.

But the Florida Sheriffs Association is staying out of the fight, at least
officially. The group decided last week it would be best to let candidates
decide on their own whether they want to complete the questionnaire, FSA
Executive Director Steve Casey said.

That hasn't stopped Casey from criticizing the survey.

"This is definitely a political tool," he said. "This is not your standard
survey. This is a tool they plan to use to sway the election towards one
candidate over another based on the things they were asking. They're telling you
what their agenda is on the survey and what your answers should be. It
potentially could affect the primary and the general election."

The survey erroneously creates two kinds of sheriffs, Casey said: "pro-gun" and
"anti-gun." But he says they are neither. "They're pro-public safety," he said.

Hammer, however, said, "Candidate questionnaires are traditionally how most
organizations find out where candidates stand on issues that are important to
their members. This is an educational process. Voters have a right and a
responsibility to know who they are voting for. I'm not apologetic if that
offends the Florida Sheriffs Association and anti-gun sheriffs."

Like other special-interest groups, including the League of Women Voters and the
Florida Chamber of Commerce, the NRA has long sent similar questionnaires to
legislative candidates.

But it's the first time Hammer has asked sheriffs candidates to give their
written views on weapons and gun owners, whom she repeatedly calls "law-abiding
citizens" in the questionnaire.

More than half of the state's 66 elected sheriffs, including Palm Beach County
Sheriff Ric Bradshaw, are running for re-election and have opposition in this
year's Aug. 14 primary or Nov. 6 general election. With an estimated 6 million
NRA members in Florida, many of them active voters, an NRA endorsement or
castigation can make or break a candidate.

Hammer says she plans to rate the sheriffs and their opponents "and we will let
our people know."

Not answering may not be a way out for candidates. The cover sheet attached to
the four-page survey warns in bold letters, "No endorsement or support will be
provided to a candidate who fails to return the questionnaire."

"They're smart enough to read it and understand that there are some questions
that appear to be somewhat slanted and there's kind of an implied threat
regarding how you answer it," Casey said. "And then if you don't answer it
you'll get no support from the NRA or the United Sportsmen of America."

He said he's heard from sheriffs who said they plan to respond and others who
are "considering their options."

Bradshaw could not be reached for comment, but his campaign manager said he had
not received the survey.

Duval County Sheriff John Rutherford, the legislative chairman of the FSA, was
re-elected just last year but he's filling out the form anyway, he said, because
he's a Second Amendment supporter and NRA member.

Still, he said he's disappointed with the questionnaire.

"I think it's unreasonable the way that some of the questions read," he said.
"You're given choices that aren't choices."

For example, the candidate answering the question about Florida's
first-in-the-nation Stand Your Ground law has the option of checking "Yes, I
believe the 'Castle Doctrine/Stand Your Ground' is appropriate and victims have
a right to fight back without a duty to retreat," or "No, I oppose the 'Castle
Doctrine/Stand Your Ground' and believe victims should surrender to criminals or
retreat to avoid fighting back."

The survey received media attention when it was released June 5 as a task force
assembled by Gov. Rick Scott was preparing to meet in Orlando to consider
whether Florida's use-of-deadly-force law needs to be repealed, amended or left
alone in the aftermath of the fatal shooting of an unarmed 17-year-old, Trayvon
Martin, by neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman in Sanford in February.
Zimmerman invoked the Stand Your Ground defense after shooting Martin, who was
walking with an iced tea and a bag of candy on a rainy night in a gated
community.

Another question asks whether candidates support a law that would allow someone
with a concealed weapons permit to openly display a gun. Those in favor can
answer, "Yes, I support open carry ... as a means to stop harassment by those
anti-gun law enforcement officers."

Critics says this is a veiled reference to an Orange County deputy who last year
distributed to key legislators the photos of seven biker-gang members who had
concealed carry permits. The deputy was trying to dissuade lawmakers from
endorsing an open carry bill.

But concealed carry permit information is secret, and a complaint was filed
against the deputy. The state attorney decided the deputy did not know he was
breaking the law and did not press charges. Orange County Sheriff Frank Deming
disciplined the deputy, Casey said.

The bill that eventually passed modified existing law to prohibit prosecution if
a firearm is "accidentally, inadvertently or unintentionally" exposed to public
view.

Several other questions address the NRA's goal of banning sheriffs from lobbying
on gun issues. One question notes that sheriffs travel to the Capitol to lobby
on "Second Amendment issues and the rights of law-abiding gun owners" and "even
make these trips using official vehicles, while officially on duty and lobby in
their official uniforms."

Respondents must say whether they would allow lobbying or not.

"I'm disappointed that we either support open carry or we're somehow anti-Second
Amendment. ... We have lobbied for bills on behalf of the NRA many times,"
Rutherford said. "And now because we're on the opposite side of Marion on this
issue of open carry, now somehow we shouldn't be able to lobby on behalf of our
constituents. I just think that's wrong."

But Hammer said, "We don't believe it's appropriate for any law-enforcement
agency to be lobbying against the Second Amendment rights guaranteed by the
Constitution of the citizens they were elected to protect and represent."

dara_kam@pbpost.com

Questionnaire excerpts

In 2005, the Florida Legislature codified common law into statutory law and
passed 'Castle Doctrine/Stand Your Ground' legislation to protect the rights of
victims.

Now, anti-gun agitators, who oppose self-defense, are working to destroy the
freedom and rights of innocent victims in favor of protecting criminals.

QUESTION: Do you agree that no victim of crime should be required to surrender
his life, health, safety, personal dignity, autonomy, or property to a criminal,
nor should a victim be required to retreat in the face of attack from any place
he or she has a right to be?

a. ___ Yes, I believe the 'Castle Doctrine/Stand Your Ground' is appropriate and
victims have a right to fight back without a duty to retreat.

b. ___ No, I oppose the 'Castle Doctrine/Stand Your Ground' and believe victims
should surrender to criminals or retreat to avoid fighting back.

It is a growing practice of some sheriffs and their deputies to travel to
Tallahassee during legislative session to lobby against Second Amendment issues
and the rights of law-abiding gun owners. Some even make those trips using
official vehicles, while officially on duty and lobby in their official
uniforms.

QUESTION, Part A: Do you believe it is appropriate for a sheriff to lobby or use
deputies and/or their deputies to lobby against the Second Amendment rights of
the law-abiding citizens they are sworn to serve?

a. ___ No, I would not do it and I would not allow it.

b. ___ Yes, I think it's appropriate.

QUESTION, Part B: Do you believe it is appropriate for a sheriff or any of his
deputies or employees to lobby on issues against the constitutional rights of
law-abiding firearms owners, in the name of the Sheriff, Sheriffs department or
any Organization or Association in any official law enforcement capacity?

a. ___ No, I would not allow it. Our duty is to respect and serve our community
and uphold the law and the Constitution.

b. ___Yes, I would allow it if it makes things more convenient for law
enforcement.

During the 2011 legislative session, legislation was introduced to protect
concealed weapons/firearms (CW) license holders against harassment, persecution
and prosecution, if -- in the course of carrying concealed -- a firearm was
accidentally, inadvertently or unintentionally exposed to public view or if the
imprint of a firearm was recognized by a law enforcement officer.

The legislation was opposed by anti-gun Sheriffs, so the legislation was
modified to protect CW license holders if a firearm was briefly exposed, with a
caveat that if the harassment continued, new legislation would be pursued.
Unfortunately, the harassment and prosecutions continue and the definition of
'briefly' is in dispute.

QUESTION: Do you support allowing law-abiding persons licensed by the state to
carry a concealed firearm to also carry openly?

a. ___ Yes, I support open carry by CW license holders as a means to stop
harassment by those anti-gun law enforcement officers.

b. ___ No, I oppose open carry by CW license holders.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  POST IN TALLAHASSEE  Gun-rights surveyPost in Tallahassee: Gun-rights
survey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              April 9, 1999 Friday

No sway

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports In Brief BOXING; Pg. S4

LENGTH: 66 words


The boxing judge criticized for her scoring in the Evander Holyfield-Lennox
Lewis heavyweight boxing title fight told a federal grand jury that no one
attempted to sway her decision, her lawyer said yesterday at Newark, N.J..
Eugenia Williams also answered "absolutely not" when asked if anyone had ever
offered her bribes or tried to influence her in any bout, said the lawyer, Louis
B. Priluker.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1999 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 FINAL Edition

Kanye West, one of Trump's kind

SECTION: EDITORIAL OPINION; P-com Opinion; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 773 words


THESE DAYS, when President-elect Donald Trump says, "Look at my African American
over here," he's not referring to the lone black supporter who appears to have
lost his way in a sea of white folks at a campaign rally.

No, he is referring to Kanye West, one of very few blacks who have made the
pilgrimage to Trump Tower to kiss the ring of the president-elect.

That's because Kanye, hip-hop celebrity and husband of reality star Kim
Kardashian, exemplifies the African Americans in whom Trump seems most
interested. These blacks are nothing like the majority of us - middle-class
taxpayers who live and work much as our white counterparts do. Rather, the
African Americans whom Trump values most are rich, disconnected from the larger
black community, and most importantly, they don't vote.

But don't take my word for it. Trump himself lauded non-voting blacks while
addressing a lily-white crowd in Grand Rapids Michigan during his self-declared
victory tour.

"The African-American community was great to us," Trump said. "They came
through, big league. Big league.

"And frankly if they had any doubt, they didn't vote, and that was almost as
good because a lot of people didn't show up, because they felt good about me."

Never mind that exit polls suggest the black community did not feel good about
Trump, who garnered only 8 percent of the black vote. The fact is Trump is right
about the nearly two million black Obama voters who failed to turn out for
Clinton. By staying home, they helped to sway the election for Trump.

And who better than Kanye West to push the message that a couple million blacks
stayed home out of love for Trump?

Kanye, after all, declared during a November concert in San Jose, Calif., that
he did not vote. But if he would have done so, Kanye said to thunderous boos, he
"would have voted for Trump."

In making that declaration, Kanye promptly went from selling out concerts to
selling out black people.

Because for those of us who are not Kanye, Trump's history of being sued by the
Justice Dept. for discriminating against blacks is an issue. Trump's five years
of repeating the racist lie that Barack Obama was born in Kenya is an issue.
Trump demanding the death penalty for five boys of color falsely accused of
raping a white women is an issue. Trump bringing the bigotry of Steve Bannon's
alt-right to the White House is an issue.

Apparently, those issues don't matter so much for Kanye because Kanye is one of
Trump's African Americans.

Not just because Kanye has done his best to disconnect from his black peers,
including famed Obama supporters Jay Z and Beyonce, whom he twice dissed
publicly during his latest concert tour. Not just because Kanye is a cultural
icon who might be able to sway left-leaning hip-hop fans towards Trump.

Kanye is one of Trump's African Americans because he is the high profile
non-voting black supporter Trump wants us to embrace as the norm.

However, Kanye is far from normal, not just because of the eccentric behavior,
but also because he likely believes money and fame insulate him from racism. And
though billionaire Oprah Winfrey, whom a clerk refused to show a purse because
she was black, might disagree with that assessment, Kanye lives in his own
reality. The rest of us live in another.

That's why I can say with confidence that black voters who stayed home during
the presidential election did not do so because they felt good about Donald
Trump.

They stayed home because they were disappointed that Bernie Sanders lost the
Democratic primary or because they were less enthusiastic about Hillary Clinton
than they were about Barack Obama. Some stayed home because the years-long
campaign to smear Clinton's character was effective. Still others stayed home
because there was a concerted effort to suppress black votes.

In a number of Republican-run states, voter suppression methods like curtailing
early voting, requiring voter ID and moving polling or registration locations
affected black voting numbers.

And therein lies my biggest concern.

In saying that non-voting blacks helped him, the man who will soon be President
of the United States has lent his support to the kind of voter suppression that
a federal appeals panel said targeted blacks with "almost surgical precision."

That Kanye West would support such a man is no surprise. Kanye, after all, is
much like Trump, in that he is living his life like a reality show.

But for those of us who refuse to be like Trump's African Americans, the reality
is this: A man whose campaign rhetoric has served to normalize racism and
bigotry is about to take office.

That's a reality that none of us should accept.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 14, 2015 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Several reports out this week could sway Fed rate decision

BYLINE: Paul Davidson, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 467 words


This week's economic news features a pivotal Federal Reserve meeting and a
packed lineup of reports -- on inflation, retail sales, factory output, and
housing starts -- that could help sway a Fed struggling to decide whether to
hike interest rates for the first time in nine years.

Retail sales generally have been solid in recent months, with low gas prices and
steady job and income growth finally prodding consumers to open their wallets. A
positive report on the service sector last month suggests retailers continued to
see brisk activity, though job growth in the industry slowed, says Lewis
Alexander, chief U.S. economist of Nomura. Economists expect the Commerce
Department to report Tuesday that a core measure of sales rose a moderate 0.4%
in August.

Industrial production has not fared as well as a strong dollar and low oil
prices continue to hammer manufacturers' exports and their production of steel
and other oil-drilling materials. Both the greenback and oil were expected to
stabilize by the second half of the year, but weak global demand, particularly
in China, has extended the troubles for U.S. factories. Further dampening output
was a likely pullback in vehicle production after a seasonally adjusted surge in
July. Economists expect the Fed to report that total industrial output fell 0.2%
last month.

Wednesday's report on consumer prices will likely be the most critical evidence
for the Fed's deliberations. Annual inflation has been virtually flat in recent
months and stubbornly below the Fed's 2% target as the rising greenback curtails
the price of imported goods and cheap oil pushes down pump prices. Gains in
"core" prices, which the Fed scrutinizes more closely because they exclude
volatile food and energy costs, also have been modest in recent months, partly
because of declines in airline fares. Alexander reckons those trends persisted
in August. Economists expect the Labor Department to report a 0.1% drop in total
consumer prices and a slight 0.1% rise in the core measure.

Housing starts have been a bright spot, hitting an eight-year high in July and
generally advancing smartly this year. But building permits, a gauge of future
construction, fell sharply recently and economists expect some payback for the
July's outsize gains. They project Commerce on Thursday will report a 3.8% drop
in starts for August.

A two-day Fed meeting that ends Thursday is a cliffhanger, with economists
almost evenly divided on whether the Fed will nudge up a benchmark rate that has
been near zero since the 2008 financial crisis. Those expecting a hike cite a
5.1% unemployment rate that's already below the Fed's year-end forecast and at
its long-run goal. Analysts are betting on a delay point to recently volatile
financial markets and their potential effect on the economy.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Manuel Balce Ceneta, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                          February 27, 2013 Wednesday

Same-sex marriage gets an unexpected boost;
Prominent Republicans sign legal brief in effort to sway Supreme Court

BYLINE: SHERYL GAY STOLBERG

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1181 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

ABSTRACT

Dozens of prominent Republicans have signed a legal brief that will be submitted
to the U.S. Supreme Court arguing that gay people have a constitutional right to
marry.

FULL TEXT

Dozens of prominent Republicans - including top advisers to former President
George W. Bush, four former governors and two members of Congress - have signed
a legal brief arguing that gay people have a constitutional right to marry, a
position that amounts to a direct challenge to the House speaker, John A.
Boehner, and reflects the civil war in the Republican Party since the November
election.

The document will be submitted this week to the Supreme Court in support of a
suit seeking to strike down Proposition 8, a California ballot initiative
barring same-sex marriage, and all similar bans. The court will hear
back-to-back arguments next month in that case and another pivotal gay rights
case that challenges the U.S. government's 1996 Defense of Marriage Act.

The Proposition 8 case already has a powerful conservative supporter: Theodore
B. Olson, the former solicitor general under Mr. Bush and one of the suit's two
lead lawyers. The amicus, or friend-of-the-court, brief is being filed with Mr.
Olson's blessing. It argues, as he does, that same-sex marriage promotes family
values by allowing children of gay couples to grow up in two-parent homes and
that it advances conservative values of ''limited government and maximizing
individual freedom.''

Legal analysts said the brief, which was shared with The New York Times by its
drafters, had the potential to sway conservative justices as much for the
prominent names attached to it as for its legal arguments. The list of signers
includes a string of Republican officials and influential thinkers - 75 as of
Monday evening - who are not ordinarily associated with gay rights advocacy,
including some who are speaking out for the first time and others who have
changed their previous positions.

Among them are Meg Whitman, who supported Proposition 8 when she ran for
California governor in 2010; Representatives Ileana Ros-Lehtinen of Florida and
Richard Hanna of New York; Stephen J. Hadley, a Bush national security adviser;
Carlos Gutierrez, a commerce secretary to Mr. Bush; James B. Comey, a top Bush
Justice Department official; David A. Stockman, President Ronald Reagan's first
budget director; and Deborah Pryce, a former member of the House Republican
leadership from Ohio who is retired from Congress.

Ms. Pryce said Monday: ''Like a lot of the country, my views have evolved on
this from the first day I set foot in Congress. I think it's just the right
thing, and I think it's on solid legal footing, too.''

Jon M. Huntsman Jr., the former governor of Utah and former ambassador to China
who favored civil unions but opposed same-sex marriage during his 2012
presidential bid, also signed. Last week, Mr. Huntsman announced his new
position in an article titled ''Marriage Equality Is a Conservative Cause.'' Mr.
Huntsman's position is an indication that the 2016 Republican presidential
candidates could be divided on the issue for the first time.

''The ground on this is obviously changing, but it is changing more rapidly than
people think,'' said John Feehery, a Republican strategist and former House
leadership aide who did not sign the brief. ''I think that Republicans in the
future are going to be a little bit more careful about focusing on these issues
that tend to divide the party.''

Some high-profile Republicans who support same-sex marriage - including Laura
Bush, the former first lady; former Vice President Dick Cheney; and Colin L.
Powell, a former secretary of state - were not on the list as of Monday.

The presence of so many well-known former officials suggests that once
Republicans are out of public life they feel freer to speak out against the
party's official platform, which calls for amending the Constitution to define
marriage as ''the union of one man and one woman.''

By contrast, the brief cites past Supreme Court rulings dear to conservatives,
including the Citizens United decision lifting restrictions on campaign
financing, and a Second Amendment case that overturned a law barring handgun
ownership in the District of Columbia.

''We are trying to say to the court that we are judicial and political
conservatives, and it is consistent with our values and philosophy for you to
overturn Proposition 8,'' said Ken Mehlman, the former chairman of the
Republican National Committee, who came out as gay several years ago. He is on
the board of the American Foundation for Equal Rights, which brought the
California suit, and has spent months in quiet conversations with fellow
Republicans to gather signatures for the brief.

In making an expansive argument that same-sex marriage bans are discriminatory,
the brief's signatories are at odds with the House Republican leadership, which
has authorized the expenditure of tax dollars to defend the 1996 marriage law.
The law defines marriage in the eyes of the U.S. government as the union of a
man and a woman.

Polls show that attitudes have shifted drastically on same-sex marriage over the
past decade. A majority of Americans now favor same-sex marriage, up from
roughly one-third in 2003. While Republicans lag behind the general population -
the latest New York Times survey found a third of Republicans favor letting gay
people marry - that, too, is changing quickly as more young people reach voting
age. Several recent polls show that about 70 percent of voters under 30 back
same-sex marriage.

''The die is cast on this issue when you look at the percentage of younger
voters who support gay marriage,'' said Steve Schmidt, who was a senior adviser
to the 2004 Republican presidential nominee, Senator John McCain of Arizona, and
who signed the brief. ''As Dick Cheney said years ago, 'Freedom means freedom
for everybody.'''

Still, it is clear that Republican backers of same-sex marriage have yet to
bring the rest of the party around to their views. Mr. Feehery said there were
regional as well as generational divisions, with opposition especially strong in
the South. Speaking of Mr. Boehner, he said, ''I doubt very seriously that he is
going to change his position.''

Experts say that amicus briefs generally do not change Supreme Court justices'
minds. But on Monday some said that the Republican brief, written by Seth P.
Waxman, a former solicitor general in the administration of President Bill
Clinton, and Reginald Brown, who served in the Bush White House Counsel's
Office, might be an exception.

Tom Goldstein, publisher of Scotusblog, a Web site that analyzes Supreme Court
cases, said the amicus filing ''has the potential to break through and make a
real difference.''

He added: ''The person who is going to decide this case, if it's going to be
close, is going to be a conservative justice who respects traditional marriage
but nonetheless is sympathetic to the claims that this is just another form of
hatred. If you're trying to persuade someone like that, you can't persuade them
from the perspective of gay rights advocacy.''

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            December 27, 2010 Monday

Parents have less sway over kids' diets than expected

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1142 words


BALTIMORE -- Susanna DeRocco uses homegrown vegetables in meals that her two
young sons help prepare. She helps the boys understand food labels and decode
messages from advertisers. She supports improvements in school lunches.

With a little effort, she says, parents can lay a solid foundation that helps
their kids make good food decisions for the rest of their lives.

"There are a lot of influences out there," said the Towson mother and educator.
"They are going to have to make choices, and I feel I've given them a really
good framework."

But while  Ben, 10, and Griffin, 7, are now following their parents' lead, most
parents are not heavily influencing their children's diets, according to a new
study from the Johns Hopkins University's Bloomberg School of Public Health.
Researchers looked at 30 years' worth of studies and found that kids' diets have
become far different from their parents', and they appear less healthy.

Outside forces

MayBeydoun, a co-author of the study, said many people assume that parents have
a strong say in what their children eat. But outside forces might have more
sway, particularly over older kids who eat out more, concluded Beydoun and Dr.
Youfa Wang, lead author of the study and an associate professor in the
department of international health.

The outside forces are many: friends, schools, area stores and advertisers,
among others.

"The parents' influence was weak," said Beydoun, a staff scientist at the
National Institute on Aging and a former postdoctoral fellow at the Bloomberg
School. "Parents can have an influence, but there needs to be a concerted effort
outside the home."

The many negative messages are contributing to the obesity epidemic among young
people, she said.

About 17 percent of children ages 2 to 19 are obese, according to the federal
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The CDC says they are at risk for
heart disease and diabetes, and are much more likely to become obese adults.

Steps are being taken to combat obesity. Recently, President Barack Obama signed
the Healthy Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010. It means $4.5 billion for more free
and reduced-price school lunches and more government power to decide what will
go in the meals and school vending machines. The money, an estimated extra 6
cents a meal, aims to improve nutrition standards and encourage use of local
produce.

Ahead of the new law, many schools in the Baltimore area have been making menu
and curriculum changes. Baltimore students, for example, learn about healthy
foods at a city-owned farm, and fresh produce has been incorporated into meals.

Better food options

City health officials have been working to bring better food options to
neighborhoods that lack supermarkets by increasing the number of community
gardens and delivering groceries. The city recently raised the tax on bottled
sodas, which research shows could lead to lower consumption. And in the spring,
officials will launch an advertising campaign aimed at countering ads for
unhealthy foods.

Called Healthy Food in Motion, it will get elementary school children to design
the ads that will be placed in city buses. The messages are aimed more at the
kids than the bus riders. The campaign is part of a larger effort called Get
Fresh Baltimore, aimed at increasing healthy food access and information. It's
funded by a grant of more than $100,000 from Kaiser Permanente. Another element
of the program is "food literacy" instruction in the schools from the University
of Maryland Cooperative Extension Service.

"There are so many more influences on youth now," said Holly Freishtat, the
city's food czar, who is overseeing the bus ad campaign. "Kids are eating out
more. ... They are also spending hours a day on the computer and watching TV and
being bombarded by advertising. This is why food literacy is so important. We
need to create a society with youth who are able to consciously decide what is
healthy food and what is not."

It takes everyone

Freishtat said it is the responsibility of everyone -- government, schools,
community centers, religious organizations, parents -- to provide good
influences and counter all of the negative information.

Coping with all of the outside influences has frustrated Kristen Diggs, a
Pasadena, Md., mother. She is a vegetarian who is passionate about healthy
foods, yet her daughter, Erin, eschews fruits or vegetables no matter what Diggs
tries, including little rewards for "trying something new" and refusing to let
her eat only what she wants. Erin, 7, sees sugary cereal on TV and candy at the
market, and she wants it.

"I only wish I could influence my daughter's eating habits, and it definitely
has not been for a lack of trying," Diggs said. "I just don't understand how she
can be with me at every breakfast and dinner and not ever want to try a
vegetable or fruit, like I eat. It's an issue that is constantly on my mind, and
one that I worry about, that rather than me influencing her, it's the outside
environment."

Melissa Schober, a mother from Baltimore's Charles Village, said she tries to
influence her 2½-year-old Ruth by having her eat what they eat. The family has
no television, which helps avoid commercials for junk food.

But Schober knows there can still be "food struggles." She will sometimes modify
meals to appeal to Ruth, and like most parents, wishes the toddler would eat
more vegetables. If she refuses to eat a meal altogether, she can have only
yogurt with fruit.

"That isn't to say we don't occasionally let her watch Dora via Netflix on our
computer or let her eat all the french fries she can hold in an airport or when
we go out to PaperMoon Diner," she said. "But mostly we try to buy and serve
healthy, and we involve her in the cooking process by letting her help stir or
pick what side we're having."

Giving support

DeRocco is working with a new group called Baltimore County Healthy Kids
Coalition. The group supports the school district's efforts to improve meals and
add exercise to the day. It wants to offer information and resources, including
the parents themselves, which can supplement current offerings.

She said many schools have taken matters into their own hands. At West Towson
Elementary, where DeRocco's sons attend, parents lead short aerobic exercises
between classes, and officials are considering planting container gardens with
produce that could be used in the cafeteria.

She said she's encouraged by everyone's willingness to help steer kids to a more
healthful lifestyle, but said parents need to stay vigilant about the food their
children consume at their table and away from home. That means pushing for
transparency in school lunch and grocery store ingredients

"I would encourage parents to continue leading by example and not to give up on
the quest for a healthy lifestyle," DeRocco said. "They have a tremendous
influence on their children."

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 10, 2012 Monday

Pro: Religion dictates how candidates view the world

BYLINE: Jennifer Preyss, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 501 words


Sept. 10--Religious diversity among American political candidates has steadily
increased since John F. Kennedy was elected the nation's first Catholic
president in 1961.

Today, political leaders of every faith -- Christian, Jewish, Catholic, Muslim,
among others -- abound in every state.

The presidential office, however, is most often clinched by Protestant nominees.

But in 2012, is a candidate's religious affiliation relevant when voters head to
the polls? Does it still play a role in the election process?

Eric McDaniel, who has a doctorate and is associate professor in the Department
of Government at the University of Texas at Austin, maintains religion continues
to play a role in the election process of American politics.

"One thing you see is when candidates make decisions, it's often made on gut
instinct, and they make those decisions based on their background," said
McDaniel, whose research centers on religion and politics, and racial and ethnic
politics. "A candidate's religion can be a cue for someone deciding whether or
not a person sees the world as they do."

McDaniel said the Mormon affiliation of Republican presidential nominee Mitt
Romney may dissuade some of his Republican constituents who may not be
comfortable with an unfamiliar sect of Christianity.

Of all the candidates, "It's more going to hurt Romney for being Mormon. One of
the key things that was done among Romney's conservative (opponents) was to
expose Mormonism as a cult and question whether he's Christian," McDaniel said.
"But the Mormon church has gone out of their way to say, 'We're just like
anybody else even if our faith might be different.'"

Among voters, McDaniel said he expects a high level of Mormon backlash and
perhaps some Catholic backlash as well.

Jobby McClanahan, of Victoria, agreed with McDaniel that religion may affect the
way he votes in November.

"I don't think I'm interested in religion first ... but it could sway my vote,"
he said. "Some religions scare me more than others."

Victoria resident Sarah Rivas said she, too, would be inclined to vote for a
candidate based on his or her faith.

"I don't really follow politics that much, but religion would sway my decision
making because if they have the same morals and beliefs I do, then they would
put forth their efforts to change things that I agree with," Rivas said.

McDaniel said religious diversity in politics is increasing, and the country is
showing signs of moving progressively forward. But a candidate's religion
continues to share a role in the election process.

"I still think it's important that a candidate be Protestant to get elected, but
it's not as important anymore," he said. "The image of the proper American
(Protestant, white, male) is falling apart, but it's still pretty dominant. It's
one of the plastic images we still have in our heads of being an American."

___ (c)2012 Victoria Advocate (Victoria, Texas) Visit Victoria Advocate
(Victoria, Texas) at www.victoriaadvocate.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120910-VI-Pro-Religion-dictates-how-candidates-view-the-world-0910-20120910

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2012 Victoria Advocate


                              935 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           February 28, 2009 Saturday

Mapping a world of pain and love

SECTION: WEEKEND; Book Reviews; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1178 words


JOHN MONTAGUE AT 80: John Montague was born this day 80 years ago in Brooklyn,
New York, the child of Irish parents. To mark this milestone his publishers, the
Gallery Press, asked an array of poets who have published with them to pick a
Montague poem and write about it. Here, poet  CIARAN BERRYexplores Montague s  A
Graveyard in Queens

IF YOU LOOK at New York City on a map you will see, among the markings that
delineate streets and rivers, bridges and peninsulas, large swathes of green
space that signify, not just the presence of the city s many parks, but also its
umpteen graveyards.

In the Bronx there s Woodlawn, which occupies more than 400 acres, and where the
most notable occupants include Miles Davis and Herman Melville. In Brooklyn
there s Greenwood with its ornate Civil War-era gates where feral monk parrots
make their home. You ll notice, though, as you bend over your map, that most of
New York s graveyards are in Queens.

There s a simple reason for this. As the population of Manhattan began to swell
in the early 19th-century, the dead were uprooted to make room for the living,
new tenements built where the deceased had been interred. Today there are more
than five million of the departed at rest, or still restless, in the 29 or so
graveyards of Queens, where the dead outnumber the living by three to one. On
the stone slab over one of those graves is written the name of Louis Armstrong.
On another you will find the name of Emma Lazarus whose poem adorns the Statue
of Liberty.

You will also find, if you look hard enough, a stone inscribed with the name
John Montague. Thankfully for us, it is not the John Montague born in St
Catharine s Hospital on Bushwick Avenue, Brooklyn, on February 28th, 1929, the
third son of James Montague and Mary ( Molly ) Carney. It is instead the poet s
uncle and  namesake ,  the country fiddler  whose grave, which lies in the same
plot as those of a second uncle and a cousin, Montague stands over with his
still grieving aunt in A  Graveyard in Queens.

I d just arrived in New York when I first came across this poem in a selected
volume I found in one of those dusty bookshops that used to dot Manhattan. I
felt immediate kinship with the piece s solemn, slightly disoriented poet, who
has just returned from the  hidden village  of his ancestors to this  American
earth , the strange land of his birth. With great pleasure I followed the poet
as he is led by a squirrel  through the water / sprinklered grass  to  sway
with his aunt above those graves. I could hear, as I can still, their footsteps
rising and falling in the many terse, double and triple-stressed lines of a
piece that sways back and forth between worlds in  the slow pride/ of a lament .

So effortlessly we re moved here from the poet s present in a graveyard in
Queens to his past in that  doll s house  of aunts in his  supposed home .

We re even invited to look with him into the future as he submits  again/ to
stare soberly  at his  own name/ cut on a gravestone . Here, and elsewhere, the
poem seems to manage shifts not just in time and place, but also in terms of the
various meanings the word  home  might have, not just as dwelling and native
land, but also as the abiding place of the affections (which the poet s aunt
finds in the grave that holds almost all her life) and as one s abode after
death.

Effortlessly too we re led between the earth that holds this particular aunt s
husband son  to the air where the  ghostly fiddle  of that other uncle still
creaks, and from the sphere of humans, living and dead, to the sphere of
creatures   that squirrel finally coming to a stop holding a nut or leaf  like
an offering / inside its paws  and a waterhen  mournful  as she shushes her
young  along the autumn // flood , both of which, in this new world of
collapsing wreaths , offer the poet consolation, just as his presence seems to
offer consolation to his widowed aunt.

It seems that all this back and forth is brought about, or at least made more
acute and therefore more palpable, by the poet s own displacement, the
disorientation of arriving in what seems to be again a new city, a new country,
and of finding himself standing on the border between the living and the dead,
Ireland and America, the world of adulthood and the world of childhood. Because,
as he moves in these couplets, it seems to me the poet too is playing
cartographer, orienting himself, and us, by making a map that traces lines
between those places and times   a map that offers to guide us a little through
a world, a life where there is  no end // to pain , but also, he would add,  nor
of / love to match it , which is a handy map to have wherever you are.


EAVAN BOLAND on reading John Montague

I remember exactly where I was when I first read All Legendary Obstacles. It was
my introduction to John Montague s work and it was 1966. The big,
awkward-to-hold Dolmen book, with its cream endpapers and mock-vellum boards was
a true surprise. It was also the year of my final exams at Trinity. I would be
required therefore, for hour upon hour, to answer questions on British court
poets and Renaissance essayists. Now here, all of a sudden, was an Irish poet,
as familiar with the Central Valley as Garvaghey, inscribing both with a
migrant, unsettled and luminously estranged sense of place.

MICHAEL LONGLEY on meeting John Montague for the first time

I am reminded of when I first met John Montague decades ago on the campus of
Queen s University in Belfast. He emerged out of the darkness of the quadrangle
and into the dimly-lit colonade that led to the lecture theatre where he was
going to read. This poet whom I had been studying for years all of a sudden took
shape like one of his slim-lined poems.  We meet at last,  he said.

He was nimble and wry, a commanding presence, and friendlier than he needed to
be. He read very well, with the audience gradually growing accustomed to his
unpredictable stammer. The literary conversation that followed was full of
angles like a good game of squash. And so it continues. I want to wish this
complicated man and superlative poet a happy 80th birthday. It is high time I
thanked him for his poems and for his devotion to the craft,  a hand ceaselessly
/combing and stroking /the landscape.

A Distant Echo

for John Montague on his 80th birthday

Garvaghey, a rough field,

Dungannon and Armagh

remember the O Neills

before the Tudor armies

trampled bog and sheugh.

We revel in that stuff

still relevant enough

as our own new century

crushes the wild contours

of the ancestral dream.

Earth-movers champ and cough

at ancient glen and stream.

Same story everywhere,

the old St-Germain

market and Super-Cannes

a corporate nightmare

while a bard holds aloof

under the leaking roof

of a dark house in Schull.

A killer roams the hills

but Muses mind with love

the hierophantic cave.

The ceol mór of long ago

lives on as a distant echo

drowned out by the noise

of ambient retail rock;

but the poet makes his soul

as only he can make

in a great singing school

of heather and wild dog rose.

DEREK MAHON

(Published by the Gallery Press)

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                      July 14, 2001 Saturday Final Edition

Caribbean cowboys of Roatan: Lush, untouched paradise where country music is
still king

SOURCE: For Calgary Herald; Southam Newspapers

BYLINE: Cindy Chobanik

SECTION: Travel; Pg. K2

LENGTH: 1159 words

DATELINE: Roatan

Country music floats through the air. Horses amble down the road.

Locals give a friendly wave to visitors. Palm trees sway in the breeze.

Whoa, palm trees sway in the breeze?

That's right. While the atmosphere of Roatan might lead you to believe you're in
Calgary during Stampede, the flora and fauna here are a definite reminder you're
in the Caribbean.

Roatan is the western-most island of the Caribbean and, well, it's the most
"western" in terms of its country and western flare, too.

The largest of the Bay Islands located on the northern coast of Honduras, Roatan
is where a traveller can still discover a lush, untouched paradise where horses
and country music rule.

Admittedly, the island is still a little rough around the edges, but Canadians
don't seem to mind that. There are still a few degrees of separation
(thankfully) between us and the Cayman crowd who expect a swizzle stick with
every drink.

In Roatan, it's OK to get a little western. After all, it was civilized by
pirates, profiteers, and adventurers (see outlaws, oilmen and cowboys), who
named their New Orleans-style port towns French Harbor, Camp Bay and Coxen's
Hole, with typical swashbuckling flair.

Today, the population of Roatan is a tropical blend of English-speaking
islanders, who call themselves caracoles, immigrants from mainland Honduras and
expatriates from a vast assortment of nations.

Of the roughly 25,000 people who live across Roatan's nearly 64 kilometres of
mountains, lush forest, and coastlines, there exists a unique harmony that has
solidified into la vida islena -- the island life.

To a distinct group of travellers, Roatan has long been the belle of the ball.

Venture out to the reef and discover the world's most beautiful natural
aquarium, teeming with a variety of live coral and colourful marine life.

Prepare to be dazzled, for unlike its more popular cousin, Belize, you don't
need a boat to get to this kind of beauty.

Best Coral in the Caribbean

In Roatan, you can explore the best coral in the Caribbean 30 metres from shore.

Along with its numerous dive resorts, Roatan offers incredible sport fishing
with tuna, barracuda (what a fight!), wahoo, grouper and red snapper in
abundance.

Once my companion snagged his barracuda (with his ace wood paddle) and Captain
Alex landed it, then clubbed it -- then stabbed it (repeatedly, which I believe
only ticked it off more), he finally dragged its still battling carcass home
behind the boat.

We then were told it had to be spread on an anthill to determine if it was
poisonous.

Well -- we planned to let him have it, anyway. How could we know there was more
sport to be had?

But does the country atmosphere still have you pining for Trigger?

Cut your losses -- you don't need 'em, because in Roatan, Flipper's your new
best friend. For the price of a fancy dinner you can swim with the dolphins and
I'm not talking about a quick pat on the back while a trainer tries to coax a
dolphin near you with a fish.

At Anthony's Key Resort, they have a number of tame and curious dolphins where
job No. 1 is to play all day long. The dolphins will let you hold them and ham
it up (for a great photo op), swim in for kisses, and play endless games of
fetch with sea grass.

These strange-looking "children" can really tire you out. They're so playful and
affectionate, you may never buy Japanese tuna again.

By now, you may be thinking, "So, how the heck do I get to Roatan?"

Roatan has its own international airport (a travel agent can help with
connections) and a new paved road that runs nearly the entire length of the
island makes rental cars worth having.

Water taxis are also plentiful, and if you're feeling romantic, you can taxi to
and from Roatan's hot spot, the West End.

This is where some of the best local restaurants and beachfront dance bars are
located, with many set prettily on pilings over the water. How cool.

You can also use the friendly and inexpensive water taxis during the day to
whisk you to culturally rich villages, historical sights, private beaches and a
growing number of luxury resorts.

There are, of course, other seemingly perfect tropical islands with their coral
beaches yet untouched by Cancun-esque developments, but what's unique in Roatan
is the seamless blend of emerging development with the existing culture.

The island also boasts that no one starves on Roatan -- the fish are too
plentiful, the fruit and cashew trees too abundant, and the soil too rich. It
makes for a good lifestyle for locals, meaning visitors don't have to worry too
much about the security of their travellers' cheques.

If you take a look at this diamond in the rough, where nothing over three
stories has been built or where neon franchises have yet to scratch dirt, you
can catch a fleeting glimpse of innocence meeting the modern world.

It's an exciting time when your electric company has just blown out its 10th
birthday candle, and cruise ships (a.k.a. money) are just discovering your
harbour.

Just ask Calgarian Dan Jenkins about the rare opportunities here.

An architect in Calgary for more than 20 years, and a key designer of the
award-winning community Garrison Woods, Jenkins is developing a seaside village
resort in one of the pristine crescent-shaped bays on the island's
tradewind-favourable southside.

Anchored by the ultra-luxury Rosewood Resort and Spa, his Caribe Pointe project
will have more than 700 units, including fractionals, condos and homes with a
tropical village square featuring local and European-influenced boutiques.

With the intention of "making paradise more wondrous because we were here,"
Jenkins is inspired to build a resort community that will not only attract those
seeking luxurious amenities.

Jenkins also wants to provide jobs and a better quality of life for the local
community.

Attracting Attention

The area is expected to get even more attention in coming months.

The reality television show Temptation Island will be filming a series of
episodes in Roatan, bringing the lush beauty of the island into homes around the
world.

The TV show could definitely have positive economic spinoff, I learned from a
fellow passenger on my flight to Roatan. He explained he was selling his island
dive resort just off Belize to a group that had seen it featured on Temptation
Island earlier this year.

Curious, I asked what it was like. He replied, "Well the majority is swamp,
covered by gators and jaguars, and we also have tarantulas the size of my fist."

Mortified, yet curiously unable to take my eyes off his large mitts, I asked,
"So, what's your pop?"

Without blinking an eye he answered, "Five hundred per cent."

That's a nice chunk of change, given that in Roatan you can still get 100 feet
of beachfront property for the price of an SUV.

If you're looking for more information on Roatan, contact a travel agent or go
to www.roatan.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Southam Newspapers, Calgary Herald; Roatan is a tropical
playground for adults and children alike.

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Massachusetts: Chameleon Arts Ensemble: music heard above the sway

LENGTH: 177  words

DATELINE: Boston


City of Boston, The State of Massachusetts has issued the following news
release:

Sunday, September 28, 2014
4pm Chameleon Arts Ensemble: music heard above the sway Chameleon Arts Ensemble
opens its 17th chamber music season opens with a program that explores the
region between human imagination and the world around us: music that shimmers
with the spirit of place. It includes Ralph Vaughan Williams' sublime song-cycle
Along the Field for tenor and violin with acclaimed tenor William Ferguson,
praised for his "tenderness and appealing impetuosity" by The New York Times;
recent Pulitzer Prize winner John Luther Adams' reflection on the Alaskan night,
Dark Wind for bass clarinet, marimba, vibraphone, and piano; Karen Tanaka's
exploration of space-time, Invisible Curve for flute, string trio, and piano;
and Franz Schubert's "Trout" Quintet, a joyous portrayal of the Austrian
countryside. First Church in Boston
66 Marlborough St
Boston, MA 02116

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Massachusetts: Chameleon Arts Ensemble: music heard above the sway

LENGTH: 178  words

DATELINE: Boston


City of Boston, The State of Massachusetts has issued the following news
release:

Saturday, September 27, 2014
8pm Chameleon Arts Ensemble: music heard above the sway Chameleon Arts Ensemble
opens its 17th chamber music season opens with a program that explores the
region between human imagination and the world around us: music that shimmers
with the spirit of place. It includes Ralph Vaughan Williams' sublime song-cycle
Along the Field for tenor and violin with acclaimed tenor William Ferguson,
praised for his "tenderness and appealing impetuosity" by The New York Times;
recent Pulitzer Prize winner John Luther Adams' reflection on the Alaskan night,
Dark Wind for bass clarinet, marimba, vibraphone, and piano; Karen Tanaka's
exploration of space-time, Invisible Curve for flute, string trio, and piano;
and Franz Schubert's "Trout" Quintet, a joyous portrayal of the Austrian
countryside. First Church in Boston
66 Marlborough St
Boston, MA 02116

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           January 28, 2009 Wednesday

Bank robber's plea fails to sway judge;
With 16 convictions, he got the maximum sentence of 78 months.

BYLINE: TERESA STEPZINSKI

SECTION: Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 492 words


BRUNSWICK - A convicted bank robber's assertion Tuesday that he deserved
leniency for a Brunswick heist because he is "a real good man at heart'' did not
sway a federal judge.

Senior U.S. District Judge Anthony Alaimo sentenced Roy Anthony Pruitt, 43, of
Myrtle Beach, S.C., to 78 months in prison for robbing the SunTrust Bank inside
the Publix supermarket at 110 Altama Connector on Oct. 1, 2007.

Alaimo also sentenced Pruitt to pay $5,375 in restitution and ordered him to
serve three years on federal probation after his release.

The sentence was the maximum under sentencing guidelines for Pruitt, who has 16
prior convictions.

Before being sentenced, Pruitt testified he robbed the SunTrust three days after
holding up a Jacksonville bank in which he "only got $500 out of it."

"I've done wrong. I'm ashamed of what I did. I was desperate and confused," said
Pruitt, who denied threatening the SunTrust tellers. "I ask you to be lenient
because I'm a good man at heart. A real good man at heart."

Pruitt, who has two young children, pleaded guilty Aug. 29 to one count of bank
robbery for the SunTrust heist. During Tuesday's sentencing, Pruitt said he
would never hurt anyone and never intended to harm anyone.

Pruitt faces charges in the Sept. 29, 2007, robbery of a Bank of America branch
in Jacksonville, court records show. Like the SunTrust robbery, that holdup was
carried out by a man, later identified as Pruitt, who gave tellers a threatening
note demanding money.

FBI Special Agent Tony Alig testified Pruitt verbally threatened the teller when
the teller hesitated after receiving the note. Pruitt told the teller he would
be killed by three men watching nearby to ensure Pruitt got the money, Alig
testified.

"The defendant said ... 'if you don't comply. Boom. You are dead'. Another
teller standing nearby confirmed the threat," Alig testified.

As Pruitt fled with the money, he left the robbery note on the bank counter.
When Pruitt was arrested on Dec. 27, 2007, in South Carolina, he had paper
imprinted from a second bank robbery note. That note was similar to the one used
at SunTrust, Alig said.

"To me, the presence of another note indicates Mr. Pruitt was a serial bank
robber," Alig testified.

Pruitt, a construction worker, was on probation for check fraud in South
Carolina at the time the banks were robbed.

Pruitt has a "significant criminal history" including 16 prior convictions for
fraud and theft and seven other arrests for similar crimes.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Brian McEvoy said although Pruitt wasn't armed he
endangered people during the holdup. The teller is undergoing counseling in an
effort to overcome the trauma resulting from Pruitt's actions, he said.

"When you walk into a bank and threaten to kill somebody to steal the money ...
that's dangerous. That's serious and that's why the defendant shouldn't be
afforded the benefit of the doubt by this court," McEvoy said.

teresa.stepzinski@jacksonville.com, (912) 264-0405

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Florida Times-Union


                              940 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            November 7, 2005 Monday

See FORUM;
FORUM IN L.A.: GOVERNOR TRIES TO SWAY VOTERS BEFORE TUESDAY

BYLINE: Kate Folmar, Mercury News Sacramento Bureau

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 860 words


In the final televised forum of the 2005 special election campaign, Gov. Arnold
Schwarzenegger and his opponents sharpened their rhetoric in a final push to
sway voters before Tuesday's election.

Schwarzenegger implored the audience to vote for the four initiatives he is
promoting: ``Don't listen to the other side,'' he said. ``The other side wants
you to keep a system that created a big mess.''

His special election foes said it's Schwarzenegger's ideas that will harm the
state. ``If these bad initiatives pass, they're going to be on the books
forever'' because they change the state's constitution, said Democratic Assembly
Speaker Fabian Núñez of Los Angeles.

At stake Tuesday are government overhauls that would change how quickly teachers
earn permanent employment status, how public employee unions engage in politics,
how the state balances its books and how political lines are drawn.
Schwarzenegger has been campaigning furiously for Propositions 74 through 77 in
recent days, although it remains to be seen whether he can overcome voter
distaste for the election and his proposals.

With polling running against him, Schwarzenegger had more to prove Sunday night
than his opponents. His performance was solid -- convincing even -- but not
blockbuster, said two forum participants interviewed after the event.

Susan Ramsey, a massage therapist from Burbank, thought the governor ``didn't
listen'' carefully to her question about teacher tenure. ``I think that says a
great deal, although I came away with a better impression of him than when I
came in, because he believes in what he's saying.'' Still, she plans to vote no
on all his initiatives -- and the other four on the ballot, too.

Erich Mueller, a Los Angeles contractor, asked whether three retired judges
would do a better job of drawing district lines than politicians do now. Both
sides were ``very knowledgeable,'' he said. He plans to decide to do more
research and decide how to vote over the next two days.

Both sides stayed on message Sunday night.

Schwarzenegger asserted he wants to improve education by making it easier to
dismiss lousy teachers; ensure that public employee union members get to decide
whether to spend union dues on politics; stabilize education funding by making
sure the state doesn't spend money it doesn't have; and create political
districts that serve the public, not politicians.

His opponents contended the governor's plans will penalize teachers at a time of
educator shortage without doing anything to create smaller classes; muzzle the
governor's most vocal critics, union members; give the governor power to make
unilateral budget cuts and hurt school funding; and take an admittedly bad
system of drawing political seats and hand it to retired judges not accountable
to anyone.

Both sides shaded facts at times. Núñez said the budget initiative, Proposition
76, would give the governor unilateral power to cut the budget in fiscal
emergencies. He left out that the Legislature would get first crack at it.
Schwarzenegger said Proposition 76 would stabilize education funding and create
a ``payment plan'' to give schools $4 billion they are owed. He omitted that the
payment plan would be in one-time payments rather than in ongoing funding, as is
called for now.

After the event, the governor's chief political consultant, Mike Murphy,
predicted that the governor would ``win initiatives'' on Tuesday. ``Hope and
change,'' he said, ``is going to defeat fear and smear.''

Steve Maviglio, a spokesman for the Alliance for a Better California, the union-
and Democrat-backed group fighting the governor's agenda, characterized the
governor's performance as a ``Hail Mary pass'' that ``was intercepted in the end
zone.''

The governor's previous televised forum in Los Angeles yielded some
uncomfortably hostile questions to Schwarzenegger. The host station, KNBC, later
apologized to the governor's camp for apparently admitting audience members who
were active in the Democratic Party.

That was not a problem for Sunday night's host, Fox affiliate KTTV, which both
sides agreed hosted a balanced event. An audience research group picked the 40
people who were in the studio. Their questions were reviewed by the station for
clarity, but not content. The governor has not shared the stage with his
opponents in any of the forums, something many political consultants think he
should do. Núñez pointed that out to audience members twice.

In an interview Saturday, the governor explained why not: ``My reforms are not
for Fabian. My reforms are not for a union boss,'' he said. ``My reforms are for
the people of California. So, true democracy is to make yourself available to
the people of California, not showing yourself on the same stage, and to have
someone be on the same level as, the governor. That's not the way it works.''

The governor plans to fly to seven California cities up and down the state
today, including one stop in the East Bay. His main opponent, the Democrat- and
union-backed Alliance for a Better California, is planning massive
get-out-the-vote rallies in Oakland and Burbank.

Contact Kate Folmar at kfolmar@mercurynews.com or (916) 441-4602.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   September 26, 1987, Saturday, City Edition

Sides in tax fight press their points // Letters, ads become weapons in battle
to sway opinions

BYLINE: DAVID DAHL; TIM NICKENS

SECTION: METRO AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1063 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



TALLAHASSEE - Amid all the trappings of a political campaign,    supporters and
opponents of the sales tax on services are trying to    sway public opinion and
lawmakers before the Legislature's special    session resumes Monday.

     On one side are Gov. Bob Martinez, the state Republican Party and    major
lobbying groups representing the state's realtors and certified    public
accountants.

     On the other are Education Commissioner Betty Castor, officials    from
local governments and social service groups and a newly formed    business group
that will start broadcasting advertisements throughout    the state Sunday
night.

     Martinez, who helped push the tax through the Legislature last    spring,
has since reversed his position.

     It started Aug. 22, when the governor announced that he wanted to    put
the issue on the ballot next March. After lawmakers rejected that    idea, he
formally called for its repeal on Sept. 18.

     Martinez called the Legislature into special session this week to    repeal
the tax, but the lawmakers haven't yet done what he's asked.

     Whether the campaigning and rhetoric will have an effect on    legislators
when the special session resumes next week is uncertain.

     "I don't know if they have enough time to make a difference,"    Senate
President John Vogt said earlier this week of the tax    supporters' efforts.

 The opponents

   The governor is sending letters to 7,000 Floridians who wrote    complaining
about the tax. The letters advise that Martinez now wants    the tax removed.

     And, the state Republican Party has mailed out a letter opposing    the tax
to 50,000 party activists, said Martinez's chief of staff, J.M.    "Mac"
Stipanovich. Republican women's groups also are making phone    calls.

     "The governor's position is repeal, and we're using the resources
available to get that across," said Stipanovich, who ran Martinez's    1986
campaign.

     Joining Martinez's office in opposing the tax are two major    lobbying
groups, who this weekend are mobilizing their thousands of    members.

     The two groups, the Florida Association of Realtors and the Florida
Institute of Certified Public Accountants, have mailed out letters    urging
their members to contact state lawmakers about the tax. Both    groups are
advocating repeal of the services tax and replacing it with    a 1-cent increase
in the sales tax on goods.

     "We don't want public opinion swayed by the organized efforts of
teachers and other union groups," said Marvin Arrington, a lobbyist    with the
Florida Association of Realtors.

     "We need to counteract it," agreed Buddy Turman, a lobbyist with    the
Florida Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

     Both groups have a membership that numbers in the thousands. They    also
contribute heavily to political campaigns.

     For instance, the realtors' political action committee gave    $ 220,550 to
winning legislative candidates in the 1986 election. That's    the most of any
political action committee that donated to Florida 1986    legislative races,
according to an analysis by the St. Petersburg    Times.

 The supporters

   The supporters of the tax, who were criticized by legislators this    week
for not working hard enough this summer to promote the tax, are    also stepping
up their efforts.

     In Tallahassee, Education Commissioner Betty Castor was joined at a
press conference Friday afternoon by officials from local governments    and
social service groups who want to keep the tax on services and    revise it.
Castor traveled throughout the state this week to lobby for    the tax, and she
and others said education and social services will    suffer if the tax is
repealed.

     In Tampa, students and faculty members at the University of South
Florida are making up to 2,000 telephone calls to legislators to    encourage
them to keep the tax.

     A new nonprofit group of businesses also announced that it has    , raised
$ 125,000 and will start broadcasting two advertisements    throughout the state
Sunday night in support of keeping and revising    the tax.

     The group, called Citizens For Fair Taxation Inc., is led by    Charles J.
Zwick, chairman of Southeast Bank in Miami. He was the    chairman of a
committee that recommended that the tax on services be    adopted to meet
Florida's growth.

      The group hopes to raise $ 250,000 to keep the advertisements on
television for two weeks, said Jon Shebel, a group spokesman and the    head of
Associated Industries of Florida, a powerful lobbying group.

 Recent opinion polls indicate that at least three-quarters of the    state's
voters oppose the tax on services, which has been heavily    criticized in
advertisements by broadcasters and other groups. But    Shebel said the new
group's mission is not to "turn the polls    around."

     "What we are saying is that the other side has never been told,"    he
said.

     In one advertisement, a construction worker says, "Wake up    Florida
Somebody's gotta pay for educating our kids, fixing our roads,    helping old
folks, and I can't do any more than I'm doing. That's why    I'm in favor of
fixing the service tax instead of increasing the sales    tax."

     The other advertisement features a Duval County teacher who says,
"Personally, I'm stretched to the limit. That's why I think folks who    can
afford lawyers and accountants and pool service ought to foot the    bill. Let
them pay their dues. I've already paid mine."

     What the advertisements don't say is that the business groups want    the
revision of the tax to include an exemption for advertising.

     Shebel said the nonprofit group is paying for air time for the
advertisements, but television stations in Miami, Tallahassee and Fort    Myers
have refused to run the ads to avoid controversy.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Betty Castor

                            Times Publishing Company


                              942 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            April 10, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Jana loses board battle with fertilizer giant Agrium

BYLINE: Lauren Krugel, The Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 402 words

DATELINE: CALGARY


Jana Partners LLC was defeated Tuesday in its battle to win seats on fertilizer
giant Agrium Inc.'s board, but the New York hedge fund suggested the fight may
not be over.

All 12 of the company's nominees were elected to the board - some by a much
wider margin than others - denying a spot to the five that had been nominated by
activist investor Jana.

"We're very pleased that this proxy battle is behind us," Agrium CEO Mike Wilson
told reporters after the meeting. "It's been a long 10 months and now we can go
and focus on what's very important to our shareholders, and that's growing the
company, continuing to improve in the way we operate the company, looking at how
we return capital to shareholders and embracing all kinds of new ways to expand
shareholder value."

Jana managing partner Barry Rosenstein told shareholders the vote was "tainted"
and said the fund intends to investigate whether Agrium lobbied investors to
switch their vote after Friday's deadline and whether the company engaged in
"vote buying" to sway the results. He vowed Jana would "pursue all appropriate
remedies."

Jana, which is Agrium's largest shareholder, said it had enough votes as of
Friday to get two of its nominees - Rosenstein and former UAP executive David
Bullock - on the board.

However, Rosenstein said Tuesday that enough votes were revoked over the weekend
to sway the election.

He said Jana will continue to be a big shareholder in Agrium and that "we're not
going away."

For its part, Agrium said the vote was done according to the rules.

"The loss was pure and simple, fair and square," said Walied Soliman, a lawyer
working on behalf of Agrium, following the vote count.

"The results speak for themselves and stand up to any scrutiny. All of Agrium's
shareholders had their say today and they supported Agrium. The victory of
Agrium's nominees was decisive, unequivocal and beyond reproach."

New York-based Jana, which has spent more than $1 billion for a 7.5 per cent
stake in Agrium, has made a number of proposals for changes at the company - the
most controversial of which has been to spin off Agrium's retail business into a
separate company.

Agrium said the board has weighed the idea of a split and determined such a move
would destroy shareholder value. Jana has said it merely wants Agrium to
thoroughly and independently review that option, as well as better manage
capital, improve governance and cut costs.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                              May 10, 2016 Tuesday

Axis of Zionism

BYLINE: Dr. Ikhlaq Hussain

SECTION: Vol. 30 No. 68

LENGTH: 967  words


The undeniable fact is that the Jews living in Europe and United States of
America although in small number but are so strong, powerful and influential
that they effectively dominate and control the economy and their political
policies.

They exercise this influence through their powerful print and electronic media.

The public of these countries swing and sway with the tunes of Jewish controlled
media.

So much so that their Governments are so scared of Jewish that they can't dare
utter a word against the Jews or Israel and Holocaust.

The Zionist International Jewry (ZINJRY), the founder of the Zionist state of
Israel and still its master decisions maker, operates behind the front body of
the World Zionist Organisation (WZO) whose existence was made public for the
first time in August 1897 at the first Zionist world conference in Basal,
Switzerland.

The Zionists having acquired vast resources and hold over international
instruments of power and having succeeded in imposing the Zionist order in the
west is now seeking to bring the world under the sway of the Zionist ideology
and the system.

It is now aiming at nothing less than establishing one world government to run
according to the Zionist order under its political and economic control.

There is only one obstacle left in the way of ZINJRY's aim of global control and
that is the faith and ideology of Islam which has an inherent capacity on one
hand to resist Zionism and on the other to transform any sizeable muslim country
that choose to function fully under the Islamic political, economic and social
order into a great power.

The Zionist Jewry with its powerful resources of money, media and Israel with
its main field arm is ruthlessly engaged in subverting and subdividing the
religion of Islam as well as the muslim countries especially those that have the
potential to emerge as powerful opponents of Zionism and the Zionist state.

It does not require much insight to realise why the Zionist Jewry and Israel
consider the Islamic Republic of Pakistan as their number one enemy.

The ZINJRY setup conducted the breakup scheme but the responsibility for letting
it happen lay squarely on the people of Pakistan.

The scheme was launched not long after the birth of Pakistan in August 1947.

A secret axis comprising the United States, Britain, Israel, India and Soviet
Union carried out the scheme as directed by principal Zionist schemers sitting
at key posts in white house and the Government in Washington and UN security
council in New York.

Soon after the Arab Israel war in 1967, Israel's first Prime Minister and a
fanatic Zionist David Ben Gorion, inflated with arrogance of victory against
Arabs gave out the outline of the scheme for undoing Pakistan.

The weekly Jewish chronicle London reported in these words: The world Zionist
movement should not be neglectful of the dangers of Pakistan to it and Pakistan
now should be its first target, for this ideological state is threat to our
existence.

The inhabitants of the Indian Peninsula are Hindus whose hearts have been full
of hatred through history against Muslims.

Therefore India is the most important base for us to work against Pakistan.

It is essential that we exploit this base India and strike Pakistan.

The politico military nexus between Israel and India have already tried such
adventurism in the past.

It is an established fact that both Israel and India are nuclear powers and are
producing lethal weapons.

The entire world is fully aware that every US and European government helps,
supports and protects these countries.

It is a fact that the armies of both Israel and India are killing innocent
Palestinians and Kashmiris and are committing gross human rights violations and
as is expected, the Governments of US and Europe and their bias print and
powerful electronic media is myopic about it.

Today again the Zionists, Israel and India altogether have started to fulfil
their long awaited designs and desires.

Pakistan, which has remained in the past centre of regional wars, target of
global conspiracies in collaboration with internal traitors and an attraction
for big powers is under the attack of the terrorism, insurgencies by India and
its national economy is being squeezed to force it to default and collapse by
the Zionist and Israelis sitting in the loans giving international banks.

In Middle East, the Zionist and the Israeli's agencies have implanted a
terrorist organization, so called ISIS, which is heavily armed and has full
financial support.

It is involved in breaking Muslim countries and has created terror in the region
by killing innocent people, forcing them to leave their country and it is
committing gross human rights violations.

It is surprising to note that neither the ISIS leadership nor any of its member
has ever uttered a word about or against Israel nor they have so far touched or
harmed the soil of immediately located Israel.

The United Nation Security Council comprises five permanent members and each has
the veto power.

They decide the fates and fortunes of the nations.

The Security Council maintains global peace through their resolutions, sanctions
and use of force.

It is an established fact however that its resolutions on record particularly
regarding the solutions of Kashmir and the Palestine issues have not been
implemented till today.

In case such injustices continue, atrocities do not stop, issues are not
resolved, the day is not far when the united nation will break up or face its
dissolution like the League of Nations and consequently its head quarter would
be shifted to Beijing, China.

It is true that man proposes and Almighty God disposes.

The Islamic Republic of Pakistan had been created at the cost of the human blood
of millions of muslims of India, therefore it will exist forever Inshallah.

Pakistan Zindabad.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

Washington: Determine Optimal Stimulus Amplitude for Using Vestibular Stochastic
Stimulation to Improve Balance Function

LENGTH: 500  words

DATELINE: Washington


National Aeronautics and Space Administration, The Government of USA has issued
the following news release:


Sensorimotor changes such as postural and gait instabilities can affect the
functional performance of astronauts when they transition across different
gravity environments. We are developing a method, based on stochastic resonance
(SR), to enhance information transfer by applying non-zero levels of external
noise on the vestibular system (vestibular stochastic resonance, VSR). Our
previous work has shown the advantageous effects of VSR in a balance task of
standing on an unstable surface [1]. This technique to improve detection of
vestibular signals uses a stimulus delivery system that provides imperceptibly
low levels of white noise-based binaural bipolar electrical stimulation of the
vestibular system. The goal of this project is to determine optimal levels of
stimulation for SR applications by using a defined vestibular threshold of
motion detection.

A series of experiments were carried out to determine a robust paradigm to
identify a vestibular threshold that can then be used to recommend optimal
stimulation levels for sensorimotor adaptability (SA) training applications
customized to each crewmember. The amplitude of stimulation to be used in the
VSR application has varied across studies in the literature such as 60% of
nociceptive stimulus thresholds [2]. We compared subjects' perceptual threshold
with that obtained from two measures of body sway. Each test session was 463s
long and consisted of several 15s long sinusoidal stimuli, at different current
amplitudes (0-2 mA), interspersed with 20-20.5s periods of no stimulation.
Subjects sat on a chair with their eyes closed and had to report their
perception of motion through a joystick. A force plate underneath the chair
recorded medio-lateral shear forces and roll moments. Comparison of threshold of
motion detection obtained from joystick data versus body sway suggests that
perceptual thresholds were significantly lower. In the balance task, subjects
stood on an unstable surface and had to maintain balance, and the stimulation
was administered from 20-400% of subjects' vestibular threshold. Optimal
stimulation amplitude was determined at which the balance performance was best
compared to control (no stimulation). Preliminary results show that, in general,
using stimulation amplitudes at 40-60% of perceptual motion threshold
significantly improved the balance performance. We hypothesize that VSR
stimulation will act synergistically with SA training to improve adaptability by
increasing utilization of vestibular information and therefore will help us to
optimize and personalize a SA countermeasure prescription. This combination may
help to significantly reduce the number of days required to recover functional
performance to preflight levels after long-duration spaceflight.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             August 9, 2013 Friday

Long Bar compromise example, or exception?

BYLINE: ZAC ANDERSON

SECTION: A; ARCHIVES; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 993 words


LAND-USE LAW: Bennett says it shows developers don't have undue sway

When Florida lawmakers dramatically scaled back state oversight of local
land-use decisions in 2011, critics worried that ill-conceived projects would
gain approval more easily because of deep-pocketed developers' influence over
local officials.

In Manatee County, developer Carlos Beruff is about as politically plugged in as
they come. Beruff and his partner on the Long Bar Pointe development have
donated nearly $90,000 to County Commission campaigns since 2009.

So when Beruff was rebuffed this week in his efforts to dredge a marina at Long
Bar Pointe, former Bradenton state senator Mike Bennett felt a certain level of
vindication.

Bennett, now Manatee County's elections supervisor, spearheaded the overhaul of
Florida's growth management law. During the legislative debate, he heard a lot
about the environmental harm that would come from repealing the regulations.
Critics argued unsuccessfully that a second layer of dispassionate state
oversight is still needed.

Long Bar Pointe illustrates the limits of political influence, Bennett said.

"I think it's a good example that those county commissioners we have elected are
not going to roll over for anybody," he said.

Bennett said he supports Beruff's marina plans and was disappointed by the
decision. But he said the compromise shows that local officials are eager to
balance public interests against the rights of landowners, and do not improperly
favor the latter.

But others see Long Bar Pointe as the exception, a project that drew unusual
scrutiny because of its location. The overwhelming opposition forced elected
leaders to take notice, said Dan Lobeck, a Sarasota attorney who advocates for
strong-growth control measures.

Less high-profile projects -- but ones that may have similar environmental or
traffic congestion issues -- will be easier to push through in the future
without state oversight, Lobeck said.

Astounding turnout

Long Bar Pointe touched a nerve because of the impact dredging a marina could
have on Sarasota Bay, and its proximity to the historic fishing village of
Cortez.

The project became a symbol of environmental and cultural loss, prompting more
than 6,000 petition signatures in opposition.

Roughly 1,000 people showed up for a hearing that stretched 12 hours, an
astounding turnout for a local government meeting.

"I wouldn't want the public to perceive they can breathe a sigh of relief on
growth-management concerns under the new law," Lobeck said. "Because you're not
going to be able to generate 1,000 people for many issues."

In the crowd Tuesday was Les McGrath, a retired insurance agent who owns a
condominium near Cortez. McGrath wore a t-shirt with "Save Our Bay" written
above the image of a mangrove tree. He carried a sign reading "No!! To Long Bar
Pointe."

More than 200 blue "Save the Bay" T-shirts were sold on Tuesday, with the
proceeds going to benefit the Cortez Village Historical Society. The audience at
the Bradenton Area Convention Center was a sea of blue, peppered with a smaller
number of green buttons and hats bearing the "YES" logo favored by project
supporters.

The blue shirts applauded loudly when speakers blasted the marina idea.

"I think it was pretty hard for them to ignore the numbers," McGrath said of the
commissioners.

Yet many opponents of the project remain concerned about the traffic congestion
that could arise from the decision -- narrowly approved by commissioners in a
4-3 vote -- to allow more intense commercial development on the Long Bar Pointe
site.

While the marina was jettisoned from the application, commissioners still signed
off on a change to the county's comprehensive plan that allows twice as much
commercial development on the Long Bar Pointe site.

The plan revision also allows more high-traffic businesses on the site, instead
of just neighborhood retail shops. A hotel, convention center and movie theatre
are all possibilities, potentially drawing many more cars into the development.

Traffic congestion was once a major point of friction between state regulators
and local officials. The state office that reviewed local development decisions
sometimes held up projects over transportation issues said Kathleen Thompson,
Manatee County's long-range planning expert.

'Important state resources'

Under the regulatory overhaul pushed by Bennett, state officials with the
Department of Economic Opportunity only weigh in more aggressively if a project
affects "important state resources and facilities."

What constitutes an important state resource was not defined in the law.

But Bill Killingsworth, who heads the DEO division that conducts the reviews,
told a group gathered at a land development conference last month that
regulators have largely settled on three categories for greater protection:
Affordable housing, the buffers around military bases and coastal high hazard
zones.

The proposed Long Bar Pointe development sits in a coastal high hazard zone that
is prone to flooding in a hurricane, but Thompson said a tougher state review
only would be triggered if Beruff were proposing a greater number of homes than
the current land use allows, and that is not the case.

A DEO spokeswoman said other state agencies such as the Department of
Transportation can still weigh in on traffic issues and other concerns, but
local officials say the state is providing little oversight.

Since the growth management rules were changed in 2011, rolling back many of the
regulations implemented after passage of Florida's landmark program passed in
the 1980s, state regulators have not raised any concerns about revisions to
Manatee County's comprehensive plan, Thompson said.

Statewide, more than 1,500 comprehensive plan changes have been submitted for
state review since 2011. None have been ruled out of compliance with state
regulations, said DEO communications director Monica Russell.

"The idea was to turn it more into a local focus," Russell said.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: In Manatee County, developer Carlos Beruff is about as politically
plugged in as they come. But his ties to the County Commission weren't enough to
sway leaders who heard from the Cortez fishing village that a marina could hurt
their livelihood. STAFF PHOTO / THOMAS BENDER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              November 19, 2003 Wednesday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Sides try to sway vote on Medicare bill

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 343 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; TORONTO


A handful of votes stood in the way of a prescription drug bill and Medicare
overhaul on Tuesday, but Democrats conceded that support by the powerful AARP
seniors' lobby could ultimately sway fence-sitters to vote for the sweeping
legislation.

The AARP was scheduled to begin a $7-million advertising blitz Wednesday to
secure passage of the bill, a move that riled Democratic critics of the bill and
provoked some of the AARP's 35-million members.

But as some Democrats reconsidered their opposition, some conservative
Republicans were re-examining their support, raising new doubts about the
outcome. The House could vote on the bill by the end of the week. The Senate
might wait until Tuesday.

The legislation would provide a $400-billion, 10-year prescription drug benefit
for Americans over 65, the biggest expansion of Medicare since the health plan
was created in 1965.

The AARP is emerging as the most influential player in the shaping of the final
bill. It helped guide the original Senate bill that passed last summer and
stepped into the final negotiations with Republican leaders to soften provisions
demanded by many conservatives.

The AARP is "falling into a trap that has been set by the pharmaceutical
companies and HMOs," said Rep. Dick Gephardt, D-Mo.

Two other Democratic presidential candidates, retired Gen. Wesley Clark and Sen.
John Kerry, D-Mass., criticized AARP's decision to pay for a weeklong
advertising blitz promoting the legislation.

Web drug accord signed

TORONTO - U.S. and Canadian officials signed an agreement to collaborate on the
regulation of Canada's Internet pharmacy industry, which is selling millions of
dollars of low-priced prescription drugs to U.S. consumers.

Food and Drug Administration officials came to Canada to ask their Canadian
counterparts to find ways to ensure the safety of drugs sent to the United
States.

Under the agreement, the two countries said they would share information about
prescription drugs, and attempt to work together to ensure the quality of drugs.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: IN BRIEF

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                              947 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            February 7, 1995 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Chamber pursuing Motorola;
Members asked to write letters of warm welcome to company

BYLINE: J. WARD BEST The Herald-Sun

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 372 words


The Greater Durham Chamber of Commerce wants its members to extend a welcoming
hand to Motorola.

The chamber has sent out 3,000 letters to its members asking them to write to
Motorola, extolling the virtues of Durham and inviting the electronics and
communications company to become a part of the business community. The chamber
hopes letters from members to the president of the semiconductor division can
sway Motorola's decision-making.

``If they're interested in us, we want them to know we're interested in them,''
said John C. Marlowe III, chairman of the chamber.

Motorola has narrowed its search for a new chip-making plant to a 160-acre
parcel in Treyburn and a site outside Richmond, Va. The $1.7 billion Motorola
plant would employ as many as 5,000 workers.

The company is expected to make a decision next month.

``Motorola, with its $1.7 billion investment and 5,000 new jobs is approaching
the point when they decide either to come to Durham/Treyburn or cast their lot
with the Richmond area,'' the chamber letter states. ``Capturing this
world-class corporation would be one of the greatest image-builders and economic
boosts this community has ever known.''

Marlowe and Robert H. Booth, president and chief executive officer of the
chamber, don't know what type of response the appeal will get. But any letters
of support could bolster Durham's standing with the company, Booth said.

``I think any company that goes anywhere wants to be wanted and is interested in
the public opinion in the area they're considering,'' he said.

Durham County Commissioners and City Council members have issued proclamations
encouraging Motorola to locate in Durham. The elected boards, though, have taken
a back seat to recruitment efforts by the chamber.

Over the past 18 months, the chamber has spearheaded efforts to lure Motorola to
Durham. Company officials have made repeated visits to the area, talking with
recruiters on the local and state level about the Treyburn site.

Motorola has declined to discuss the search for a new manufacturing site.

Booth said the letter-writing alone would not sway the company, but a hearty
welcome from one of two finalists couldn't hurt. ``That southern hospitality
approach can be appealing,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1995 The Durham Herald Co.


                              948 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 5, 2012 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

In Silicon Valley, Chieftains Hold Sway With Few Checks and Balances

BYLINE: By STEVEN M. DAVIDOFF.

Steven M. Davidoff is a professor of law and finance at Ohio State University.
His columns can be found at nytimes.com/dealbook. Follow @StevenDavidoff on
Twitter.

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; DEALBOOK; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1210 words


Silicon Valley is different, they say. One of the most economically creative and
dynamic pockets of the United States, it is where entrepreneurs rule. Perhaps it
is no surprise then that the men who hold sway in the Valley are now looking to
transform not only the global economy but the way that public companies are run,
locking out both public shareholders and directors.

That the call for shareholder rights is a refrain seldom heard in the Internet
sector is not new. Since Google went public in 2004 in a way that maintained
control for its founders, the leaders of Silicon Valley have been chary about
shareholder voting rights.

In the latest wave of Internet initial public offerings, shareholder voting
rights have become even more diminished. Facebook, Zynga, LinkedIn and Groupon
all gave control of the company to the founding shareholders over public
shareholders. Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook appears to have even negotiated
arrangements that give him - or really, his heirs - control over some shares
after his death. Google is planning to issue a class of nonvoting shares that
will further disenfranchise shareholders, partly justifying its actions in its
annual founders' letter as maintaining a governance structure that ''is now
somewhat standard among newer technology companies.''

To be fair to these companies, shareholders who invest in them do so with full
knowledge that such a lack of control was disclosed.

But shareholders may accept these arrangements because they assume that a board
will act independently. Directors are meant to act as a check on executives or
at least add their expertise and advice to big decisions.

In the Valley, however, the idea of the visionary chief executive dominates, and
there may be little room for input from directors.

This sentiment was voiced recently by Reed Hastings, the chief of Netflix and a
director for Facebook and Microsoft. Speaking at the Stanford Directors'
College, a yearly retreat where public company directors learn the art of being
a director, he reportedly cast skepticism on the traditional board model.

According to Kevin M. LaCroix of the D&O Diary, ''Hastings said several times
that for the board of a large publicly traded company 'the fundamental job is to
replace and compensate the C.E.O.' Where the company has the resources to hire
outside consultants as needed, it is not the board's role to offer counsel or
advice.''

After resistance from the audience during questioning, Mr. LaCroix reported, Mr.
Hastings backpedaled, stating that his remarks applied only to ''the largest
public companies'' or ''special situations'' where a board was required to act.
(Mr. Hastings did not respond to requests made through Netflix for a comment.)

Such a sentiment is at odds with what corporate governance advocates and others
suggest for boards. Today, boards are expected to be actively involved in
supervising executives and participating in major decisions affecting the
company. This represents a revolution from the 1970s, when the chief executive
ruled, directors were often cronies of the chief and boards were extremely
deferential.

Mr. Hastings's attitude can be found elsewhere among Silicon Valley's new elite.
When Mr. Zuckerberg negotiated to acquire Instagram for $1 billion, he
reportedly told his board only about 24 hours before the deal was approved,
appearing to present it as a fait accompli.

Even if these boards did feel free to challenge these founders, they are tight
and interlocking. Two of the directors of Netflix sit on the board of LinkedIn.
Reid Hoffman, the chairman and co-founder of LinkedIn, sits on the board of
Zynga, which has a director who is a partner of Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers
and sits on the boards of Klout and Amazon.com. Mr. Hastings is joined on the
board of Facebook by Marc Andreessen, one of the biggest deal makers in Silicon
Valley who sits on the board of eBay. And so on.

These directors all work in the same environment, often invest in one another's
companies and have little incentive to challenge the chief executive because it
will affect their own ability to serve as directors or participate in the next
big thing in Silicon Valley.

Take Mr. Andreessen, who recently stated on the ''Charlie Rose'' show that the
28-year old Mr. Zuckerberg is one of the ''best C.E.O.'s in the world.'' Between
Mr. Andreessen and Mr. Hastings, one has to wonder how active the Facebook board
is.

Another example of the incestuous Silicon Valley board comes from Mr. Hastings's
own board at Netflix. Its members include the co-founder of Zillow, a
professional director who sits on the Google board, two directors for LinkedIn
and partners of Technology Crossover Ventures and Redpoint Ventures, two big
venture capital players. It is a rather clubby Silicon Valley board.

But this does not necessarily mean that these entrepreneurs are wrong. Maybe
boards are overrated in Silicon Valley, where technology moves quickly,
innovation is a must and decision-making must be fast and creative for a company
to survive. Presumably, these companies give control to their founders and chief
executives because they have to act decisively. And these founders built these
companies into successes. Why should they be subject to collective
decision-making and oversight by a board? After all, boards of financial
institutions didn't acquit themselves well during the financial crisis, and they
were supposedly active, involved boards.

The counterargument is that a board willing to engage in vigorous debate
prevents hubris and dumb decisions by chief executives. Mr. Hastings, for
example, was heavily criticized for trying to split Netflix's Internet and DVD
movie businesses, a decision he reversed after the public outcry. And the number
of so-called visionary chieftains who made incredibly bad decisions is legion.

A board can serve as a check on executives and prevent abuse. The conceit is
that an actively involved board leads to better decision-making and outcomes, an
idea heatedly debated in the world of corporate governance. An active board may
be particularly important in these tightly controlled companies where ego may
get the better of decision-making. Not everyone can be Steve Jobs.

These companies may lack shareholders or directors to check executive behavior,
but they are also free from becoming takeover bait, another important check. An
active merger market in the 1980s worked as a disciplining force - pushing
managers to shape up if their companies were performing poorly, under threat of
a takeover attempt. The days are gone when a company like RJR Nabisco could
spend lavishly on executive perks without consequence from a passive board. But
these technology companies are controlled by small groups of shareholders and
are unlikely to become takeover targets.

So the new thing in Silicon Valley appears to be for public companies to be run
as private ones without significant input from boards and shareholders. This
leaves the wunderkinder of the Internet free to run their companies without
interference. The question is whether this is merely a bubble in corporate
governance or a trend that will spread to the rest of corporate America.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY HARRY CAMPBELL)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              949 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 18, 1997, Tuesday

RUDY FRIEND JOINED AT HIP
LAW FIRM GOT 375G TO SWAY CITY HALL

BYLINE: By TOM ROBBINS and JOE CALDERONE

SECTION: News; Pg.  20

LENGTH: 573 words


One of the city's largest health insurance firms hired Mayor Giuliani's close
political pal Ray Harding in an effort to sway City Hall on an important
Medicaid issue.

The Health Insurance Plan of Greater New York asked Liberal Party boss Harding
to help persuade the Giuliani administration to lift a ban that prohibited HIP
from signing up new members receiving Medicaid benefits.

HIP paid Harding's law firm, Fischbein Badillo, $ 375,000 during an eightmonth
period, state records show. The law firm reported receiving only $ 6,125 from
HIP for lobbying work on separate documents it filed with the city clerk.

Law firm spokesmen refused to specify what legal services were done. A HIP
spokesman said the bulk of the money paid the firm for its legal advice into the
workings of government operations.

State insurance department records show HIP paid $ 2.6 million last year to
another law firm Stroock & Stroock & Lavan and a computer check of lawsuits
involving HIP showed the Stroock firm as defense counsel for HIP in 15 cases.
Fischbein Badillo is not listed in any current HIP cases.

Harding is one of the mayor's closest political advisers. His activities as a $
375-an-hour lobbyist of administration members has come under fire.

In addition to the $ 375,000 HIP payment, the Daily News has revealed four other
large fees the firm collected from lobbying clients but described as legal fees.
The HIP fee is the largest one documented to date.

Lobbyists are required to reveal the amount they receive and the names of
officials in city government they are attempting to influence on a client's
behalf. The system of reporting is designed to let the public know about
lobbyists' activities.

City and state officials imposed the Medicaid enrollment ban after complaints
that low-income Medicaid recipients were being improperly pressured by HMOs to
enroll or risk losing their health benefits. HIP stood to gain as many as 10,000
new members and as much as $ 13 million in premiums if the ban was lifted. The
ban was eventually ended.

HIP did not report paying any lobbying fees to the law firm. That discrepancy
could not be immediately explained, a HIP spokesman said.

HIP spokesman Ron Maiorana, a former Giuliani aide, said lobbying was the
"smallest part" of what the law firm was asked to do for HIP. He acknowledged,
however, that Harding was hired in part to "to find out what [the city's]
intentions were in respect to lifting the ban."

Asked what Harding's firm did for the rest of the money, Maiorana said,
"Basically the firm is hired for its knowledge of government operations in New
York City." HIP needed "a law firm that knows what it is doing in order to
maneuver around the regulatory environment," he said.

Harding's partner, Richard Fischbein, declined to describe the work the firm did
for HIP. He accused The News of waging a "malicious vendetta" against the law
firm.

On the forms Harding's firm filed with the city clerk, Harding disclosed he
lobbied Maria Mitchell, Mayor Giuliani's former special adviser for health
policy. She oversaw the Mayor's Office of Medicaid Managed Care and served as
chairwoman of the city Health and Hospitals Corp.

Records show Harding called on Mitchell at least twice in an effort to repeal
the ban on enrolling Medicaid patients. Mitchell said Harding did speak to her
about the ban but she could not recall how many times.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1997 Daily News, L.P.


                              950 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             March 1, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Casino backers launch bid to sway opinion; Lottery corporation, B.C. Pavilion
Corp. join Nevada company to correct 'misstatements'

BYLINE: Jeff Lee, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 919  words


The backers of a controversial $450-million proposal to build the largest casino
in Western Canada in downtown Vancouver are launching a campaign to try to sway
public opinion as the issue heads to a public hearing in less than a week.

Today the B.C. Lottery Corporation, the B.C. Pavilion Corporation and the owners
of a Nevada company trying to open a 1,500-slot machine casino and hotel complex
adjacent to BC Place will meet reporters to try to correct what they say are
"misstatements" being made by their opponents.

They face a growing headwind from some community groups, residents' associations
and a group of well-known and powerful Vancouverites who say the proposal by
Paragon Gaming to expand an existing casino licence would fundamentally alter
the city's makeup.

The opposition claims casinos operate as "parasitic businesses" that drain money
from other businesses and prey upon the elderly and low-income people.

More than 120 people have signed up to address council at the March 7 public
hearing.

But in an interview Monday with The Vancouver Sun, PavCo chairman David Podmore
said he believes the opposition largely gained a foothold because of a
provincial government decision two years ago to cut back gambling-proceeds
grants to non-profit groups. He said the expanded casino would create thousands
of jobs and bring commercial vitality to the northeast side of False Creek.

The provincial funding cuts to arts and community groups enraged groups
dependent on gambling revenue and whipped up a backlash just as Paragon's
expansion was being promoted, Podmore said.

"I don't think there would have been this stir if it hadn't been for the
government making these changes to the social, arts and culture grants," he
said.

"There is absolutely no question that this made it more difficult for us. Is
that what people are really objecting to and is that what really generated this
fuss? I think it is. I think that is where it started."

PavCo, the B.C. Crown corporation that owns BC Place, has leased an adjacent
parcel to Paragon Gaming on which the company wants to build the casino and two
hotels.

BCLC is the Crown corporation that oversees gambling.

Paragon, formed in Las Vegas, owns the nearby 750slot, 15-gambling table
Edgewater Casino. It bought the licence in 2006 for $42 million after Edgewater
entered receivership.

Podmore believes most of those who have signed a petition by Vancouver, Not
Vegas!, the coalition leading the opposition, have probably not read the
Paragon/BCLC proposal.

"I don't know how they've informed themselves," Podmore said. "I am a little bit
suspicious as to how much each of those individuals have studied this proposal."

Among those in the coalition are many former Vancouver city politicians and
MLAs, architect Bing Thom, former Expo 86 commissioner Patrick Reid, and Peter
Ditchfield, the former deputy chief of the Organized Crime Agency of B.C.

Former Vancouver councillor Peter Ladner, an outspoken critic of the casino,
said opposition may have been started by aggrieved charities who didn't like the
government cuts to grants, but it has "morphed into a much greater debate about
the future of our city."

"Some people are actually likening this to the freeway debates [of the 1970s],"
he said.

"It is about what Vancouver is and wants to be. The proponents will tell you
they are just moving a casino and ramping it a bit. But I think it is going over
a line and nobody in Vancouver has been asked if they want our stadium to be an
annex to a casino."

Premier-designate Christy Clark has said she will revisit the B.C. government's
decision in 2009 to deeply cut the operating grants charitable groups receive.
The province partly restored some funding in 2010, but critics say the level of
support, coming as the province's share of gambling revenues approaches $1
billion annually, is a pittance

Meanwhile, Premier Gordon Campbell said he remains untroubled by the casino
expansion project and says it would deliver much-needed jobs to the city.

On another issue, Podmore said in the interview that he remains troubled by
former BCLC chairman T. Richard Turner's involvement in Paragon and has told him
he can't be involved in any negotiations with PavCo.

Turner resigned from BCLC in 2005 and then formed Paragon Canada, which became a
subsidiary of Paragon Developments. Turner gave a $50,000 donation to the B.C.
Liberals in 2009, shortly before the request for proposals for the BC Place
development closed on May 22, 2009.

He later acknowledged to the media that he had made investments in Paragon's
River Cree casino in Alberta while he was still the chair of BCLC. However,
Paragon said he had no involvement in its application for the BC Place project.

Turner has said he was cleared of conflicts by the B.C. gaming policy and
enforcement branch before he joined the board of Paragon.

But Podmore said on Monday he told Turner as recently as two months ago to stay
away from the BC Place project.

"I told him he can't have any involvement in the negotiations between PavCo and
Paragon, and that our dealings must be with the principals, Scott Menke and
Diana Bennett," Podmore said.

Bennett is the daughter of the late William Bennett, the former owner of Circus
Circus (now Mandalay Resort Group) and the Sahara Resort. Menke is William
Bennett's nephew. Documents Paragon filed for a casino application in Missouri
indicate the two are the majority shareholders in the company.

jefflee@vancouversun.com

Twitter.com/sunciviclee

Blog: www.vancouversun.com/jefflee

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             March 1, 2011 Tuesday
                                Final C Edition

Casino backers launch bid to sway opinion; Lottery corporation, B.C. Pavilion
Corp. join Nevada company to correct 'misstatements'

BYLINE: Jeff Lee, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 920  words


The backers of a controversial $450-million proposal to build the largest casino
in Western Canada in downtown Vancouver are launching a campaign to try to sway
public opinion as the issue heads to a public hearing in less than a week.

Today the B.C. Lottery Corporation, the B.C. Pavilion Corporation and the owners
of a Nevada company trying to open a 1,500-slot machine casino and hotel complex
adjacent to BC Place will meet reporters to try to correct what they say are
"misstatements" being made by their opponents.

They face a growing headwind from some community groups, residents' associations
and a group of well-known and powerful Vancouverites who say the proposal by
Paragon Gaming to expand an existing casino licence would fundamentally alter
the city's makeup.

The opposition claims casinos operate as "parasitic businesses" that drain money
from other businesses and prey upon the elderly and low-income people.

More than 120 people have signed up to address council at the March 7 public
hearing.

But in an interview Monday with The Vancouver Sun, PavCo chairman David Podmore
said he believes the opposition largely gained a foothold because of a
provincial government decision two years ago to cut back gambling-proceeds
grants to non-profit groups. He said the expanded casino would create thousands
of jobs and bring improved commercial vitality to the northeast side of False
Creek.

The provincial funding cuts to arts and community groups enraged groups
dependent on gambling revenue and whipped up a backlash just as Paragon's
expansion was being promoted, Podmore said.

"I don't think there would have been this stir if it hadn't been for the
government making these changes to the social, arts and culture grants," he
said.

"There is absolutely no question that this made it more difficult for us. Is
that what people are really objecting to and is that what really generated this
fuss? I think it is. I think that is where it started."

PavCo, the B.C. Crown corporation that owns BC Place, has leased an adjacent
parcel to Paragon Gaming on which the company wants to build the casino and two
hotels.

BCLC is the Crown corporation that oversees gambling.

Paragon, formed in Las Vegas, owns the nearby 750slot, 15-gambling table
Edgewater Casino. It bought the licence in 2006 for $42 million after Edgewater
entered receivership.

Podmore says most of those who have signed a petition by Vancouver, Not Vegas!,
the coalition leading the opposition, have probably not read the Paragon/BCLC
proposal.

"I don't know how they've informed themselves," Podmore said. "I am a little bit
suspicious as to how much each of those individuals have studied this proposal."

Among those in the coalition are many former Vancouver city politicians and
MLAs, architect Bing Thom, former Expo 86 commissioner Patrick Reid, and Peter
Ditchfield, the former deputy chief of the Organized Crime Agency of B.C.

Former Vancouver councillor Peter Ladner, an outspoken critic of the casino,
said opposition may have been started by aggrieved charities who didn't like the
government cuts to grants, but it has "morphed into a much greater debate about
the future of our city."

"Some people are actually likening this to the freeway debates [of the 1970s],"
he said.

"It is about what Vancouver is and wants to be. The proponents will tell you
they are just moving a casino and ramping it a bit. But I think it is going over
a line and nobody in Vancouver has been asked if they want our stadium to be an
annex to a casino."

Premier-designate Christy Clark has said she will revisit the B.C. government's
decision in 2009 to deeply cut the operating grants charitable groups receive.
The province partly restored some funding in 2010, but critics say the level of
support, coming as the province's share of gambling revenues approaches $1
billion annually, is a pittance

Meanwhile, Premier Gordon Campbell said he remains untroubled by the casino
expansion project and says it would deliver much-needed jobs to the city.

On another issue, Podmore said in the interview that he remains troubled by
former BCLC chairman T. Richard Turner's involvement in Paragon and has told him
he can't be involved in any negotiations with PavCo.

Turner resigned from BCLC in 2005 and then formed Paragon Canada, which became a
subsidiary of Paragon Developments. Turner gave a $50,000 donation to the B.C.
Liberals in 2009, shortly before the request for proposals for the BC Place
development closed on May 22, 2009.

He later acknowledged to the media that he had made investments in Paragon's
River Cree casino in Alberta while he was still the chair of BCLC. However,
Paragon said he had no involvement in its application for the BC Place project.

Turner has said he was cleared of conflicts by the B.C. gaming policy and
enforcement branch before he joined the board of Paragon.

But Podmore said on Monday he told Turner as recently as two months ago to stay
away from the BC Place project.

"I told him he can't have any involvement in the negotiations between PavCo and
Paragon, and that our dealings must be with the principals, Scott Menke and
Diana Bennett," Podmore said.

Bennett is the daughter of the late William Bennett, the former owner of Circus
Circus (now Mandalay Resort Group) and the Sahara Resort. Menke is William
Bennett's nephew. Documents Paragon filed for a casino application in Missouri
indicate the two are the majority shareholders in the company.

jefflee@vancouversun.com Twitter.com/sunciviclee Blog:
www.vancouversun.com/jefflee

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           November 12, 2009 Thursday

Protections for gays face tough fight on Hill

LENGTH: 1206 words


Government and civic leaders said Wednesday the fight will be much tougher in
the conservative Legislature, though the odds of passing an anti-discrimination
law may get a boost from the LDS Church's endorsement Tuesday of the Salt Lake
City Council's ordinances. Lawmakers could do three things when they come into
January's general session: They could adopt a statewide law similar to the
city's; they could actually repeal the city ordinance and ban all other local
governments from doing likewise; or they could do nothing, which would let the
city ordinance stand. Rep. Chris Johnson, D-Salt Lake, said Wednesday she will
again introduce a bill that is "very similar" to the city's new ordinance.
Whether it will pass or not is certainly debatable, said Johnson, one of three
openly gay Utah legislators.

House Speaker Dave Clark, R-Santa Clara, said he's not sure what the reaction
would be to such legislation. But, he pointed out, "the position the LDS Church
takes does have a tremendous sway on public sentiment. And public sentiment does
have a tremendous sway on the Legislature." Senate President Michael Waddoups,
R-Taylorsville, said he expects the issue to come up next session. "I don't know
where it will go," he said. "It depends on whether they try to plow new ground
with it." Waddoups said he would be willing to support legislation protecting
employment and housing rights for gay Utahns if current statutes are unclear.
However, Waddoups, a property manager, said he wants the "right to protect the
image of my company" against gay employees "out flaunting the gay lifestyle"
during work hours. He said he also had concerns about similar behavior among his
tenants. "I'm not going to put up with that on any of my properties," Waddoups
said. Angie Welling, the governor's spokeswoman, said, "As a strong proponent of
local government, Herbert respects the right of municipalities to pass rules and
ordinances in their jurisdictions. As such, the governor defers to Salt Lake
City in this case." Regarding possible statewide legislation, Welling said it
would be premature for Herbert to discuss undrafted legislation. A spokesman for
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormon) also said it's too
early to comment on bills that haven't been proffered. "The church statement
(Tuesday) night addressed the employment and housing ordinances in Salt Lake
City and that statement speaks for itself," Scott Trotter said. "As to any other
legislation, the church would reserve judgment. We are not prepared to speculate
on something we haven't seen." Church public affairs director Michael Otterson
told the Associated Press the church had supported "basic civil values," but the
church's position found some critics on both sides even as it preserved its
religious belief that same-sex marriage poses a threat to traditional marriage.
"There are going to be gay advocates who don't think we've gone nearly far
enough, and people very conservative who think we've gone too far," Otterson
said. "The vast majority of people are between those polar extremes and we think
that's going to resonate with people on the basis of fair-mindedness." During
the last legislative session, a suite of legislative anti-discrimination
proposals known as the Common Ground Initiative failed after they were strongly
opposed by conservative groups, including the Sutherland Institute, a Salt Lake
think tank. The six bills sought to level the playing field for gays, lesbians,
bisexuals and transgender Utahns in the areas of hospitalization/medical care,
wrongful death benefits, housing/employment and adoption rights. Sutherland
argued the bills would undermine the tenet of "traditional marriage" between a
man and a woman, and launched a push-back campaign it called the Sacred Ground
Initiative. Sutherland issued a statement Tuesday night expressing
disappointment in the council's vote and the LDS Church's stance. "As a public
relations opportunity, the LDS Church's statement before the Salt Lake City
Council may assuage the minds and soften the hearts of 'gay rights' in Utah,"
the Sutherland statement read. "As a policy statement, it is problematic." "The
approved ordinances before the Salt Lake City Council are unsound in principle,
clarity and effect." Rep. Jackie Biskupski, D-Salt Lake, who was among
legislators who sponsored Common Ground Initiative bills last year and another
of the Legislature's openly gay members, lauded the council's decision, and the
church's support. "This appears to be an olive branch being offered by the LDS
Church," Biskupski said. "It's a very positive move and one I am extremely
thankful for. This is the kind of messaging our community, and the entire state
of Utah, really needs." Rep. Carl Wimmer, R-Herriman, said earlier this year
that if Salt Lake City took the actions it did Tuesday night, he would sponsor
legislation to overturn it. But Wednesday, Wimmer said while he still supports
such legislation and believes the Legislature should pass such a prohibition, he
won't sponsor it. He is too busy with states' rights laws, he said. He believes
others will introduce a bill to prohibit statewide what Salt Lake City did.
Gayle Ruzicka, president of the Utah chapter of Eagle Forum, a pro-traditional
family organization, also believes the Legislature, dominated by conservative
Republicans, won't pass any "pro-gay and lesbian" anti-discrimination laws. "We
knew that the city was going to do this," Ruzicka said. "We knew that the LDS
Church, appropriately, would not oppose it because religions were carved out of
the law. It does not affect the church, or any religious organization. But it
certainly affects all the rest of Utahns who were not carved out based on our
beliefs. We also have the right to be carved out, otherwise we become the
victims of it." Both Wimmer and Ruzicka said the city's new ordinance violates
employers' and property owners' rights, specifically the right to own and manage
private property. "The housing the LDS Church owns around Brigham Young
University would not have to rent to a couple living the homosexual lifestyle,"
Ruzicka said.  "But I as a private property owner would, even if I disapproved
of that lifestyle," said Ruzicka. "I call that discrimination" against the
property owner. A bookstore owned by a religion would not have to hire a gay
person, but a private bookstore, even it sold mainly religious books, would, she
added. Johnson said her bill and the Salt Lake City law make exemptions for
small businesses and property owners. Wimmer and Ruzicka and other opponents to
equal rights are "entitled to (their) perspectives," Johnson said. Gay, lesbian
and transgender people "live all over this state, in all the cities and towns,"
and they deserve equal protection under the law, not just those who live in Salt
Lake City, she said. House Minority Leader David Litvack, D-Salt Lake, said he
hopes the dialogue between the LDS Church and the gay community continues. "I
don't know if that's fair to anyone, particularly the LDS Church, to speculate
on what (Tuesday) night might mean," he said. "I would hope this is just a
beginning." e-mail: bbjr@desnews.com, lisa@desnews.com, araymond@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              953 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      July 7, 2001 Saturday FINAL EDITION

Caribbean Cowboys: The island of Roatan is a tropical cowboy paradise

BYLINE: Cindy Chobanik

SOURCE: For The Calgary Herald

SECTION: TRAVEL, Pg. TS01 / FRONT

LENGTH: 1238 words

DATELINE: ROATAN


Country music floats through the air. Horses amble down the road. Locals give a
friendly wave to visitors. Palm trees sway in the breeze. Whoa, palm trees sway
in the breeze? That's right. While the atmosphere of Roatan might lead you to
believe you're back at home in Calgary during Stampede, the flora and fauna here
are a definite reminder you're in the Caribbean.

Roatan is the western-most island of the Caribbean and, well, it's the most
"western" in terms of its country and western flare, too.

The largest of the Bay Islands located on the northern coast of Honduras, Roatan
is where a traveller can still discover a lush, untouched paradise where horses
and country music rule. Admittedly, the island is still a little rough around
the edges, but Calgarians don't seem to mind that. There are still a few degrees
of separation (thankfully) between us and the Cayman crowd who expect a swizzle
stick with every drink.

In Roatan, it's OK to get a little western. After all, it was civilized by
pirates, profiteers, and adventurers (see outlaws, oilmen and cowboys), who
named their New Orleans-style port towns French Harbor, Camp Bay and Coxen's
Hole, with typical swashbuckling flair.

Today, the population of Roatan is a tropical blend of English-speaking
islanders, who call themselves caracoles, immigrants from mainland Honduras and
expatriates from a vast assortment of nations.

Of the roughly 25,000 people who live across Roatan's nearly 64 kilometres of
mountains, lush forest, and coastlines, there exists a unique harmony that has
solidified into la vida islena -- the island life.

To a distinct group of travellers, Roatan has long been the belle of the ball.

Venture out to the reef and discover the world's most beautiful natural
aquarium, teeming with a variety of live coral and colourful marine life.

Prepare to be dazzled, for unlike its more popular cousin, Belize, you don't
need a boat to get to this kind of beauty.

In Roatan, you can explore the best coral in the Caribbean 30 metres from shore.
Along with its numerous dive resorts, Roatan offers incredible sport fishing
with tuna, barracuda (what a fight!), wahoo, grouper and red snapper in
abundance.

Once my companion snagged his barracuda (with his ace wood paddle) and Captain
Alex landed it, then clubbed it -- then stabbed it (repeatedly, which I believe
only ticked it off more), he finally dragged its still battling carcass home
behind the boat.

We then were told it had to be spread on an anthill to determine if it was
poisonous. Well -- we planned to let him have it anyway. How could we know there
was more sport to be had?

But does the country atmosphere still have you pining for Trigger? Cut your
losses -- you don't need 'em, because in Roatan, Flipper's your new best friend.
For the price of a fancy dinner you can swim with the dolphins and I'm not
talking about a quick pat on the back while a trainer tries to coax a dolphin
near you with a fish.

At Anthony's Key Resort, they have a number of tame and curious dolphins where
job No. 1 is to play all day long. The dolphins will let you hold them and ham
it up (for a great photo op), swim in for kisses, and play endless games of
fetch with sea grass. These strange-looking "children" can really tire you out.
There so playful and affectionate, you may never buy Japanese tuna again.

By now, you may be thinking, "So, how the heck do I get to Roatan?" Roatan has
its own international airport (a travel agent can help with connections) and a
new paved road that runs nearly the entire length of the island makes rental
cars worth having.

Water taxis are also plentiful, and if you're feeling romantic you can taxi to
and from Roatan's hot spot, the West End. This is where some of the best local
restaurants and beachfront dance bars are located, with many set prettily on
pilings over the water. How cool.

You can also use the friendly and inexpensive water taxis during the day to
whisk you to culturally rich villages, historical sights, private beaches and a
growing number of luxury resorts.

There are, of course, other seemingly perfect tropical islands with their coral
beaches yet untouched by Cancun-esque developments, but what's unique in Roatan
is the seamless blend of emerging development with the existing culture. The
island also boasts that no one starves on Roatan -- the fish are too plentiful,
the fruit and cashew trees too abundant, and the soil too rich. It makes for a
good lifestyle for locals, meaning visitors don't have to worry too much about
the security of their travellers' cheques.

Similarly, how many islands can boast a safe and civilized natural wildlife?
Unlike the Garden of Eden (I hear they have bad apples), there is a noticeable
lack of anything dangerous, creepy or crawly. (The iguanas are actually quite
comical). There are no poisonous snakes, big spiders, stalking cats or
alligators -- and no known shark attacks (not too surprising since Roatan is
nearly completely surrounded by coral reef).

For fun, we questioned every local and could not find one who had first-hand
recollection of a shark attack.

If you take a look at this diamond in the rough, where nothing over three
stories has been built or where neon franchises have yet to scratch dirt, you
can catch a fleeting glimpse of innocence meeting the modern world. It's an
exciting time when your electric company has just blown out its 10th birthday
candle, and cruise ships (a.k.a. money) are just discovering your harbour.

Just ask Calgarian Dan Jenkins about the rare opportunities here. An architect
in Calgary for more than 20 years, and a key designer of the award-winning
community Garrison Woods, Jenkins is developing a seaside village resort in one
of the pristine crescent-shaped bays on the island's tradewind-favourable
southside.

Anchored by the ultra-luxury Rosewood Resort and Spa, his Caribe Pointe project
will have more than 700 units, including fractionals, condos and homes with a
tropical village square featuring local and European-influenced boutiques.

With the intention of "making paradise more wondrous because we were here,"
Jenkins is inspired to build a resort community that will not only attract those
seeking luxurious amenities. He also wants to provide jobs and a better quality
of life for the local community.

The area is expected to get even more attention in coming months. The reality
television show Temptation Island will be filming a series of episodes in
Roatan, bringing the lush beauty of the island into homes around the world.

The TV show could definitely have positive economic spinoff, I learned from a
fellow passenger on my flight to Roatan. He explained he was selling his island
dive resort just off Belize to a group that had seen it featured on Temptation
Island earlier this year.

Curious, I asked what it was like. He replied, "Well the majority is swamp,
covered by gators and jaguars, and we also have tarantulas the size of my fist."

Mortified, yet curiously unable to take my eyes off his large mitts, I asked,
"So, what's your pop?"

Without blinking an eye he answered, "Five hundred per cent."

That's a nice chunk of change, given that in Roatan you can still get 100 feet
of beachfront property for the price of an SUV.

If you go

If you're looking for more information on Roatan, contact a travel agent or go
to www.roatan.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Daniel Jenkins, For The Calgary Herald ; Roatan, is a
tropical playground for adults and kids alike.; Color Photo:, Daniel Jenkins,
For The Calgary Herald ; (The island of Roatan);, Color Photo: Daniel Jenkins,
For The Calgary Herald ; The, western-most island of the Caribbean is a lush,
untouched getaway.;, Photo: Dan Jenkins, For The Calgary Herald ; The reality TV
show, Temptation Island will film several episodes on the island.

TYPE: Feature

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           October 2, 2013 Wednesday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Police free 73 kidnap victims in raid on cartel

BYLINE: James Hider

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 436 words


Police in northern Mexico have freed 73 people abducted from buses or bus
stations and held for ransom by a gang that holds sway near the US border.

The security forces raided a house in Tamaulipas, one of the worst-affected
states in Mexico's drugs war, after following suspects to the building and
hearing frantic calls for help from inside. The victims, from Mexico, Honduras,
Guatemala and El Salvador, included children and women, many of whom said they
had been sexually abused while being held in captivity for months.

The gangs had contacted the families of the victims and demanded payment for
their release. In the past, kidnap victims have been forced to smuggle drugs
across the border and murdered if they refused.

Monday's raid, in the city of Reynosa, also unearthed a stash of weapons and
drugs, including more than 10 tons of mariJuana. Police followed a suspect
vehicle to a building in the working-class neighbourhood of Las Fuentes, where
the men got out. The police heard cries for help from inside and arrested the
two occupants of the vehicle. A third man, aged 18, thought to be acting as a
lookout, was also arrested. In 2010, a grave was found in Tamaulipas containing
the bodies of 72 people, some of them Central American migrants, who had been
massacred by the Los Zetas cartel. One of the most ruthless in the country, it
was formed 15 years ago by army commandos who defected to the Gulf cartel before
breaking away to form their own gang.

Some of the drugs cartels in northern Mexico have diversified into people
trafficking and extortion. In recent years, the road from Tamaulipas's capital,
Ciudad Victoria, to Brownsville, Texas, has been dubbed the "highway of death",
or the "devil's road", because of the number of people abducted there by the
Zetas and other gangs. Some bus companies have cancelled services in the area
because of the danger. There was speculation that the 2010 massacre may have
been the result of one gang killing the "property" of a rival kidnapping outfit.

In 2011, the Houston Chronicle quoted a former member of the Zetas who recounted
how whole busloads of people were hiJacked by his cartel and forced to fight to
the death in Roman-style gladiatorial contests.

Hundreds of thousands of migrants make the dangerous Journey from Central
America to the US border each year, often suffering abuse and sexual harassment,
and being forced to pay large sums of money to people smugglers.

At least five were killed and 30 inJured in August when a train known as "The
Beast," on whose roof 250 Central Americans were riding, derailed in heavy rains
in southern Mexico.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Migrants riding "The Beast" on the long journey to the US. Many fall
prey to the gangs that hold sway by the border

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              955 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             August 26, 2012 Sunday

Democrats' Florida fight ramping up

BYLINE: ZAC ANDERSON

SECTION: A; ARCHIVES; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 468 words


Florida will be the center of the Republican universe this week, but behind the
scenes, Democrats are waging an unusual campaign aimed at winning the state in
November.

President Barack Obama's reelection campaign has quietly assembled what some are
describing as the most sweeping presidential campaign operation Florida has ever
seen.

The campaign opened 13 new field offices across Florida in the past week alone,
bringing the tally to more than 50 in the state.

Most of Obama's new Florida offices are in traditionally more conservative areas
of the state, including south Sarasota County.

A Washington Post analysis found that Obama and the Democratic National
Committee have dedicated $50 million to boosting staff and field offices in
swing states such as Florida, compared with $8 million for Romney and the
Republican National Committee.

Kevin Wagner, a Florida Atlantic University political science professor, said
the Obama campaign's spending nationwide this early in the campaign "is
relatively unprecedented."

"When they say they're building an organization, they really are," Wagner said.

The question is what will sway voters: political ads and news coverage or the
kind of "ground game" the Obama campaign is building. Wagner said that "in the
mass media age, you really can't underestimate the value of free advertising, so
they might be overestimating a little the impact of the ground game."

Meanwhile, the Obama campaign had also planned unusually aggressive efforts to
claim a piece of the spotlight during this week's Republican National
Convention. The opposing party traditionally lays low during the opponent's
convention, but the Obama campaign planned to send Vice President Joe Biden to
Tampa this week.

Late Friday, in response to the approach of Tropical Storm Isaac, the campaign
postponed Biden's campaign events for Monday "to ensure that all local emergency
management resources can stay focused" on public safety issues. After the storm
prompted emergency managers to declare a state of emergency Saturday, the
campaign postponed his scheduled stops in Orlando and St. Augustine on Tuesday.

Democrats will also have the now-obligatory "war room" near the convention site,
stocked with party officials who will respond to Republican speakers.

"Florida is a battleground state and we have 75 days left in this campaign,"
said Democratic National Committee spokeswoman Ellen Canale. "We can't concede
one of those days."

At Obama's new North Port campaign office, North Port retiree and Obama
volunteer Max Barnes, 70, said most of the residents in his mobile home park are
Republicans.

"We feel darned near alone in this area with our beliefs," Barnes said. "I felt
like I needed to do something."

So Barnes is volunteering. He hopes to sway a few more people.

"Every vote counts," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                 June 15, 2000

What The Critics Say

BYLINE: Compiled by Greg Torode in Washington

SECTION: FEATURE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 692 words


Elvis Mitchell

The New York Times

"By cranking up the action and adding a cast of magnetic, capable actors - the
Bruckheimer treatment - he almost achieves alchemy. It is only gold-filled
rather than pure gold, but that's quite an accomplishment. This new version is
mindless hot-rodding fun, especially for those with a weakness for vintage cars
hurtling down city streets, a group whose members include - sigh - me . . . Like
all of Bruckheimer's other films, Gone looks as if it were on alternate Earth,
where it's perpetually dusk, so that the warming golden-red rays of the sun can
light the concaves of his characters' cheekbones. "You look so good," Memphis'
mother (Grace Zabriskie) tells him and she's right. Everyone looks good in this
movie. The skies seem sepia-toned, even at night. All the smog from the speeding
autos may make the air in Southern California unsafe to breathe, but it is being
used to good effect; a filter for the cinematographer Paul Cameron's lighting
scheme."

Desson Howe

Washington Post

"There were moments when I thought Gone In 60 Seconds might be passably an
entertaining movie. I figure those moments, strung end to end, would total 30 or
40 seconds. But ... this still leaves about 118 minutes (and change) of
cruise-control junk, the kind of slick, soulless storytelling that passes for
entertainment these days. Cage has found a movie to challenge Snake Eyes and
Eight Millimetre as the dumbest of his career. Worst of all is the car thief
dialogue that's supposed to give us an authentic taste of this underworld ...
and then there's the jammed-up romance between Memphis and Sway (Jolie), an old
flame he left behind when he turned clean. At one point, the estranged lovers
sit together in a parked car waiting for the right moment to steal the sleek
sports car in front of them. But suddenly, the owner comes out on to the balcony
and starts to make love with his date, forcing Memphis and Sway to wait, watch
and imitate. This is the kind of "hot" scene that may "work" in a screenwriter's
head after a couple of drinks. But the next morning, it is time to press the
delete button and write a scene that imitates actual humans."

Love's Labour's Lost

Kenneth Branagh directs and stars in this Miramax update of one of Shakespeare's
early minor comedies. Set in Europe before the start of World War II, it
features old Technicolor and Broadway musicals as it follows the King of Navarre
and his best friends on a vow of chastity - a pledge tested by the arrival of a
French princess played by Alicia Silverstone. Also stars English character
actors Timothy Spall and Richard Briers.

A O Scott

The New York Times

"Spall, who looks like Peter Sellers inflated with a bicycle pump, delivers his
lines with hilarious pixilation. Nathan Lane, as the clown Costard, provides
another instalment in his continuing salute to vaudeville. (I'm sure that rubber
chicken came from his private collection.) He also sings a slowed -down wistful
rendition of There's No Business Like Show Business in top hat and tails ...
Even though Love's Labour's Lost is, in show biz terms, a turkey stuffed with
chestnuts, you wouldn't trade it for a pot of gold. The film ends with a long,
sweetly melancholic sequence set to They Can't Take That Away From Me. Even
after the song is ended, the melody lingers on, and you have to leave the
theatre tipsy on Shakespeare's raillery and Ira Gershwin's wit, as though you'd
had a glass or two of cheap champagne. There are worse ways to feel."

Gone In 60 Seconds

Producer Jerry Bruckheimer Top Gun, Flashdance and Beverly Hills Cop returns to
the screen with a car-theft action movie. Academy Award-winning Nicolas Cage
(right) plays Memphis, a retired car-jacker who reluctantly returns to the game
to help his kid brother steal 50 cars in four days to pacify a violent gang
boss. Cage heads an intriguing cast that includes Angelina Jolie, Robert Duvall,
Will Patton and Vinnie Jones, the former English footballer who starred in Lock,
Stock And Two Smoking Barrels. Dominic Sena directs this remake of a little
known 1974 flick Gone.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 2000 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              957 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 3, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Commercial Property;
The Bustle of 42nd Street, Architecturally Speaking

BYLINE: By JOHN HOLUSHA

SECTION: Section 11; Page 9; Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1249 words


THE redevelopment of 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues has required
some unusual structural engineering. Although not immediately obvious to the
public, innovative approaches have produced buildings not quite like anything
else in the city.

Both the E Walk retail and entertainment complex on the north side of 42nd
Street at Eighth Avenue and the Forest City Ratner development almost directly
across the street have movie theaters on the upper floors of the base
structures.

Since people watching films do not like to peer around columns, both structures
had to be built without the regular pattern of columns that support most office
and apartment buildings. And they were built with stadium-style seating, which
means the rows in the back are much higher than in a typical movie theater.

This produced large empty volumes of space, and engineers compensated by putting
massive steel columns in the walls of the buildings. This design problem
notwithstanding, Forest City Ratner put the 444-room, 60 million pound Hilton
Times Square hotel on top of its building, which also incorporates the historic
Liberty Theater, an even more fragile empty space.

Now, various affiliates of the Tishman Realty and Construction Company are
building an 858-room Westin hotel on the site along Eighth Avenue between the
back of E Walk and 43rd Street. As part of that project, they are planning to
build a portion of the hotel on top of the E Walk structure, which raises some
more technical puzzlers.

The first is how to join the hotel, which will be made of reinforced concrete,
to the steel-framed E Walk building. The second is how to allow movement of the
532-foot-tall main tower, which is likely to sway more in the wind or in an
earthquake, without damaging the 100-foot-tall E Walk building.

The section of the hotel that will be perched on top of E Walk is known to
project insiders as "the bustle" and does have a certain resemblance to that
archaic piece of women's fashion. The eight-story, 100-room building was
originally planned as a separate boutique hotel when the Walt Disney Company was
considering the project. It has since been incorporated into the main structure
of the hotel, which will be managed by Westin but owned by Tishman.

The hotel, which is due to open in the fall of 2002, will have an internal
connection to E Walk and entrances on both 42nd and 43rd Streets. It will
include 34 suites, including two presidential suites; 24,000 square feet of
meeting space; and business and fitness centers. The design is by Arquitectonica
of Miami, and the main part of the hotel is intended to look like two 45-story
prisms, separated by a beam of light.

"It was originally thought of as three separate buildings," said Allan M. Paull,
Tishman's chief structural engineer for the $300 million hotel project. But
because buildings do sway in the wind and because New York building codes now
require designers to prepare for earthquakes, the buildings would have to be
spaced away from each other, with expansion joints between them.

The problem with expansion joints, he explained, is that they tend to leak in
downpours and cause maintenance problems. "We wanted to avoid expansion joints
if we could," he said.

The answer was to join the bustle rigidly to the main hotel and employ some West
Coast earthquake technology to handle the differential movement of the two
buildings.

Mr. Paull said Tishman engineers and their consultants have been doing design
adaptations since the company won the right to develop E Walk. At the outset, it
was not even known that there would be theaters -- and theaters that vary
considerably in size -- on the upper floors of the building.

As a result, the building has an uneven pattern of interior walls. Since it was
not possible to simply hang the 17.2 million pound bustle from the side of the
main hotel -- engineers say cantilever -- the E Walk building had to support the
weight.

SINCE the hotel was part of the plan for the location -- although not finalized
or financed -- E Walk's designers extended the main vertical support columns 18
inches above the roof to attach to whatever was built later. The concrete roof
slab is 9 inches thick -- to insulate moviegoers below from the noise and
vibration of the air-conditioning and other machinery mounted on the roof -- but
it has no structural role in supporting the bustle.

Mr. Paull explained that hotels and apartment buildings are usually made of
reinforced concrete rather than steel because the use of concrete allows a
developer to cram more floors within the allowable height of a building. Because
the bottom of one concrete slab is the ceiling of the floor below, slab-to-slab
spacing is shorter than it would be for a steel-framed structure. However, he
said, steel is preferable for the long spans required for the movie theaters,
despite the need to hang ceilings.

To join the concrete columns of the bustle to the E Walk structure, the
engineers devised a system of 13 steel trusses. Because of the irregular spacing
of the E Walk's steel support columns, each truss was of a different size.

Between the trusses and the E Walk columns, 18 rubber and steel isolator pads
have been installed that will allow the hotel and bustle to move, without
disturbing the building below. In engineering terms, E Walk is supporting the
weight or "dead load" of the bustle, while the main hotel building is absorbing
wind or earthquake induced movements, or the "live load."

"We thought it was a novel approach," Mr. Paull said.

Gregory Lawson, an executive with Dynamic Isolation Systems of Reno, Nev., the
supplier of the pads, said they were designed to support a lot of weight
vertically, but to move horizontally, with relatively little force. He said they
are a sandwich of as many as 25 layers of round steel plates one-eighth inch
thick and rubber three-eighths of an inch thick.

They come in different sizes depending on the amount of load being supported.
The smaller isolators at the Tishman project weigh about 2,000 pounds, with the
larger size weighing in at 8,000 pounds.

He said mounting the pads 100 feet above the sidewalk is an "unusual
installation. "Usually they go at the bottom of a building or a bridge, so if
there is an earthquake, the bearing moves and the building stays intact," he
said. The installation, he said, was analogous to the suspension of an
automobile, which allows the axles of the car to move up and down in response to
bumps and potholes, while shielding the passengers from most of the vibration.

Engineers say they expect the lower portion of the hotel to move up to 4 inches
if there are heavy winds or if the ground starts shaking and as much as 14
inches at the top. They note that the World Trade Center moves as much as 2 feet
at the top but say that occupants often do not notice the movement because it is
slow and in one direction, rather than a back-and-forth swaying.

The trusses are 11 feet high and are placed at the eighth floor of the main
hotel structure. Since office space in New York is expensive, the trusses will
be outfitted with floors, ceilings and walls and will be used for the offices of
the hotel.

This ultimate use complicated the design as well, since office space that
followed the outlines of the beams and trusses would have been very odd indeed.
"We had to modify the design," Mr. Paull said, so that the offices would not
have sloping walls or triangular doors.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: The planned Westin hotel, with (1) E Walk and (2) a seven-story
'bustle' connecting to the hotel's tower. (Arquitectonica) Right, Allan M. Paull
on E Walk's roof, next to an isolator, a sandwich of steel plates and rubber
pads that will enable hotel to sway without disturbing the building below. (G.
Paul Burnett/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              958 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Sunday Telegram (Massachusetts)

                            February 19, 2017 Sunday
                              Worcester TG Edition

When car sways, check alignment

SECTION: NEWS; 1

LENGTH: 339 words


DEAR CAR TALK: I have owned my 1983 Datsun (Nissan) 280ZX Turbo since it was 6
months old. It has only 125,000 miles. It has never been in an accident. The
problem I have is that the front end now sways, or "floats," back and forth on
the highway; it almost feels like I'm driving on ice or hydroplaning. Two
separate mechanics have looked at it and can't figure out what is causing this.
Any ideas? --Elizabeth


RAY: Actually, Elizabeth, it sounds like a classic case of a car that's out of
alignment. For instance, if you have one front wheel that's pointing straight,
and the other front wheel is even slightly pointing in or out, it'll feel like
you're driving on roller skates. It's hard to imagine that two different
mechanics would have failed to check that, but I guess it's possible.

So the first thing you should do is take it to a good alignment shop and ask
them to align it. And don't forget to check the rear wheels, too. That's
something they may have missed. If it can't be aligned, then you've got a deeper
problem.

The other thing that could possibly cause this is bad tires. I know your tires
are new, but if there's some tread separation or some other defect, that could
cause squirming. Bad tires are more likely to squirm at lower speeds and create
a wobble at high speeds, but I wouldn't rule out a bad tire.

An easy test is to ask your mechanic to try swapping the front tires and rear
tires to see if that makes any difference.

If it's better, that suggests you've got a bad tire up front right now.

But start with the alignment. Your symptoms are classic, and if it hasn't been
properly aligned, an alignment could fix everything. Good luck, Elizabeth.

--If it ain't broke, you won't have to fix it! Order Tom and Ray's pamphlet "Ten
Ways You May Be Ruining Your Car Without Even Knowing It!" Send $4.75 (check or
money order) to Car Talk/Ruin, 628 Virginia Drive, Orlando, FL 32803. Got a
question about cars? Write to Car Talk in care of this newspaper, or email by
visiting the Car Talk website at www.cartalk.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2017 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            March 19, 2008 Wednesday

George Will: The right to sway, shuffle - and dance

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 805 words


THE government of Pinal County, Arizona, this fiefdom south of Phoenix, claims
that when it approved Dale Bell's blueprint for his Western-theme restaurant
with an outdoor stage in an enclosed courtyard, it assumed the stage would be
used for mimes or poetry readings. Mimes in Arizona scrubland? Poetry at the San
Tan Flat Steakhouse and Saloon? The authorities were, they insist, shocked when
country music broke out, and they are scandalized because some customers, not
content to tap their feet to the Western beat while they eat, get up and dance.

Foot tapping is, so far, still legal in Pinal County. Outdoor dancing is not, at
least at a dance hall, and Pinal says San Tan Flat morphs into one at certain
points on certain evenings, when customers dance and Bell does not make them
stop. He thinks the U.S. Constitution's protection of self-expression
encompasses the right to (in the language of his brief to the county court) "
sway, shuffle or even dance."

Pinal's harassment of Bell is a small provincial spat but it illustrates two
large themes of our national history. First, democracy requires judicial
supervision to thwart the excesses of elected officials. Second, governments
closest to the people are - never mind what sentimentalists say - often the
worst. This is because elected tyrants can most easily become entrenched where
rival factions are few.

Singer Lee Alexander, who on a recent night sang his melancholy ballad "You
Can't Dance Outside," says he has seen Sandie Smith, one of the three county
supervisors (all of them Democrats), at another Pinal steakhouse where people
dance outdoors. No one remembers when, if ever, Democrats did not control Pinal,
which was created in 1875. Bell, 58, who served in the Reagan administration,
calls himself "a Ron Paul guy."

He opened a steakhouse in his hometown of Spearfish, S.D., sold it and opened
another in Sand Creek, Wyo., then decided, with his son Spencer, now 17, to open
one here. The board of supervisors warmly approved. Soon after it opened in
November 2005, however, the trouble started.

He had four entrances from the road; the county restricted him to one. The
county cut his signs from two to one. It turned its squint on his firewood,
searching for defects. Supervisor Smith urged him to build a berm to confine the
restaurant's light and dampen its sounds, so he erected a high wall of straw
bales. Pinal toughened its noise ordinance, making it one of Arizona's
strictest, restricting businesses to 65 decibels during the day and 60 at night.
Sheriff's deputies checked the restaurant's decibel levels sometimes three times
a night without ever finding a violation. The county doubled the number of paved
parking spots originally required, costing Bell $40,000.

But when the county imposed fines against Bell of $5,000 every day that anyone
dances, he headed for court. The question concerns statutory interpretation. The
statute includes "dance hall" - along with bowling alleys, penny arcades,
skating rinks and other things - among the "amusement or recreational"
enterprises that must be "within a completely enclosed structure." Does Bell's
restaurant, which makes 99.75 percent of its revenues from food and drink (the
rest comes from pool tables and trinkets) become an illegal (because not
completely enclosed) dance hall when someone rises to "sway, shuffle or even
dance"?

Down in the legal weeds, Arizona's tax code says dance halls charge admission
fees. Bell does not. And there is no Pinal prohibition - an oversight, perhaps?
- of outdoor musical entertainment.

Beyond the weeds there is this mighty oak of a principle: There must be a
judicial leash on governments to prevent them from arbitrarily asserting that
the plain language of a statute means something that it plainly does not say.

The 14th Amendment's guarantees of equal protection and due process of law
should mean that government may interfere with a citizen's economic liberty only
to promote important government interests that cannot be advanced through less
restrictive means. Under today's weak "rational basis" standard, courts validate
virtually any abridgement of economic liberty, no matter how tenuous the
connection to even a minor public purpose. Conservatives, note well: Restoring
economic liberty requires a kind of judicial activism - judges judging rather
than merely ratifying government's caprices.

Despite Pinal County's nitpicking, Bell, who is represented by Arizona's chapter
of the Institute for Justice, is still in business, partly because his customers
fancy the Maine lobsters - not normal fare at dance halls. Children prefer
marshmallows they roast over fires next to the space for the forbidden dancing.
Roasting is not illegal in Pinal, yet.

georgewill@washpost.com

George Will is a syndicated columnist with Washington Post Writers Group.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 23, 2007 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Any Rabbits in the Hat?;
The Big Apple Circus Tries to Grab Americans' Attention With Its One-Ring Show

BYLINE: Peter Marks; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. M01

LENGTH: 1940 words

DATELINE: WALDEN, N.Y.


In a converted factory in the foothills of the Catskills, professional
aerialists and illusionists, perched unsteadily before a shifting entertainment
landscape, are learning a few new tricks.

"Yes! This is better. Turn a little bit that way. And sway. And sway!" the
director calls out as the Chinese wire-walker and Russian poodle-trainer and
Swiss hat-juggler and two dozen other circus performers tentatively work through
the slithery dance moves of a splashy production number.

It's rehearsal time on the 55-acre campus of the Big Apple Circus -- whose 30th
annual show has its world premiere this weekend under the big top in Dulles Town
Center -- and the focus is on tautness, speed, theatricality. But wandering Big
Apple's training camp an hour north of Manhattan, past the acrobats' trailers
and the poodle pen and the pony paddock, you're compelled to wonder what the
future bodes for a traditional enterprise that wants to stay current and yet
whose mission is avidly to honor the past.

The slick production values of behemoth competitors such as Cirque du Soleil and
even the impact on children of life in the digital lane are compelling the
circus, with its focus on animal acts and jugglers in the big-top spareness, to
pump up the technological tempo some. Big Apple, a one-ring circus inspired by
classical European versions, feels more heat to make its show move a little more
smartly, to seem a bit hipper.

Michel Barette, who returned this year to direct the Big Apple show for the
fifth time, explains the challenge: The circus has to make more of an effort to
respond to the modern craving for visual excitement.

"Today, a normal human being is able to read a more complex image," he says.
"You have to keep up with the rhythm of every other form of entertainment."

Which is why, for instance, a clown act that once might have held a crowd for
eight to 14 minutes now must be compressed to about half that time. Or why the
entrance of the outrageously sure-footed wire walker, Cong Tian, has been souped
up for this show: The plan is to make him seem a master of technology. He
gestures, and the lighting and audio systems respond as if under his control.

No one is pretending that at this point this is anything more than tinkering at
the margins of a formula that has worked pretty darn well: In less than three
decades, Big Apple's founders, Paul Binder and Michael Christensen, have turned
this enterprise into what is widely regarded as one of the top five traditional
circuses in the world.

Still, with its leadership aging, and more of a reliance on audiences in
strollers and diapers, there are the growing issues of competition from cirques
and, yes, even GameStop: When the entertainment kick from a gaming console
becomes equivalent to the rush of the high wire, must the circus continue to
find ways to amp it up?

Big Apple operates under a modest-size, custom Italian tent, but metaphorically
it seeks to be a big one, in the sense that it wants to appeal to the entire
family. In some ways, it is seeing the limits of that appeal.

Although ticket revenue continues to go up each year, the audience is not
growing. The company's nearly year-round tour, which traditionally includes a
months-long holiday-season stop in Manhattan, sold 25,000 more tickets in fiscal
2001 than this past year. (Sales for the three-week Dulles run have risen by
4,000 tickets in that same period.)

Big Apple officials note, too, that they're seeing more and more preschoolers in
the stands, with something of a drop-off in the number of early-adolescent
circusgoers -- an indication, perhaps, of what you might call a coolness gap:

Childlike wonder is becoming a harder sell for an age group with many more
options for their mesmerizing fix.

The American circus, in most of its forms today, is considered more like a
sideshow in our culture than a main event.

Featuring a live band and ringmaster, Big Apple's variety show format has always
seemed a little retro.

That, in fact, was its charming raison: It was born in part as a nonprofit
antidote to the heavily commercialized, sports-arena-compatible Ringling Bros.
and Barnum & Bailey Circus. Whether it's the gentle teasing of the audience by
the company's trademark clown, Grandma, or the stylish contortions of the
aerialists from exotic lands, the intimate show feels as if it materialized out
of the pages of an old-fashioned children's book -- the Curious George, if you
will, of live entertainment.

Big Apple's founders, though, are pondering what they need to do to stay fresh,
to stay relevant.

Binder and Christensen, the onetime Young Turks of the circus world, are in
their 60s now and are not at all sure who the troupe's next crop of leaders will
be. "What's my biggest problem?" asks Binder, the company's artistic director.
"The biggest problem is infusing a new generation of staff and a board with the
primary principles of the organization."

Binder's vision has long been one that ties the circus not only to show business
values, but also to those of social consciousness. (Big Apple's renowned Clown
Care unit, overseen by Christensen, regularly sends performers to hospitals and
other facilities.) He sees what he does as the link in a continuum that began
with the idea of theater as a cathartic, communal event, one that bound people
together and allowed them to express their hopes and purge their fears.

"These rituals were done in a circle in which the entire community
participated," Binder observes. "This is the surviving of that exercise -- in a
circle. And the community is invited."

The question now is: Which parts of the community will continue to RSVP?
Christensen, like Binder, talks about the "core values" -- no pun intended -- of
Big Apple, its desire for artistic excellence. But how that translates to
refining a circus performance in this age still seems a work in progress.

"We want to be in touch with the younger generation," he says, citing the
high-tech touches in the wire-walker's act. (In an effort to tap into aspects of
global pop culture, another sequence of this year's installment will riff on
Bollywood.)

Circus people such as Dominique Jando, a circus historian who for 20 years
worked alongside Binder and Christensen at Big Apple, say there are big-top
aspirations to be developed in some in the generation coming of age. With his
wife, the trapeze artist Elena Panova, Jando runs a professional program for
aerialists at San Francisco's Circus Center.

"The program is full," he says, "and the number of applications we received was
surprising."

But because of this nation's commercial orientation and lack of appreciation of
circus art, "America," Jando avers, "is in the backwater of the circus world."

Companies such as Big Apple have never inspired a powerful appetite for
homegrown art, of the polished type cultivated in other parts of the world. It's
intriguing to note that this celebrated circus must still import virtually all
its talent -- tumblers and aerialists, Hula-Hoop and teeterboard specialists,
equestrian and animal trainers -- from Europe, Asia and Latin America. (The one
year-in, year-out exception is the enormously popular Grandma, portrayed by the
self-effacing Barry Lubin.)

And while Montreal-based Cirque du Soleil -- with a vast creative infrastructure
and multiple touring and sit-down productions -- has become the preeminent
producer of circus spectacle of our time, another movement has been spawned that
pushes the circus form in other modern directions. The so-called New Circus
attempts to break down some of the stiffer conventions and use the techniques of
circus performance to generate a fuller spectrum of emotion.

One example of this turned up last weekend at the Kennedy Center, in the hipster
acrobatics of a Canadian troupe known as Les 7 Doigts de la Main (in English it
goes by the shorter Seven Fingers). Choreographing its feats of agility and
strength to the music of everyone from Radiohead to Blackalicious, the troupe
feels very much in tune with the Facebook generation. That these acrobats --
trained at the National Circus School of Canada -- are able to project
personality so casually onto impersonal gymnastic stunts may give them a more
intense link to a generation still searching for its own voice.

Some purists, like Jando, believe New Circus will never be anything but a
boutique aspect of the genre because the performers' techniques tend not to be
of the same caliber as the better-equipped circuses. (That did not seem to be a
problem for Seven Fingers, whose pole-climbing and ring-diving stunts in the
Terrace Theater were first-rate.) Even so, the New Circus sensibility might be
creeping into companies such as Big Apple. As director Barette notes, there is
an expectation at Big Apple that the acrobats will give more of themselves than
agility and strength.

"You ask more of the performers," he says. "Being an acrobat is not enough. You
need to be an actor, too. It's more demanding for me and it's more demanding for
them."

The rigorous calendar that Big Apple goes by has its own demands: Almost
immediately after ending its tour each July, the company is up here at
headquarters, putting together the new one. This year's is called "Celebrate!"
In honor of the 30th anniversary, some of the most popular acts of past seasons
have been asked to come back: Cong Tian; the Kovgar Troupe, a teeterboard act
from Russia; and Kris Kremo, a Czech-born juggler of such speed and dexterity
you keep looking for some hidden strings.

A celebrated Italian clown -- whose one-word moniker, Fumagalli, is a household
name in much of Europe but is virtually unknown here -- has also been recruited
as a star of the new production.

On a warm day in early September, the various acts take turns rehearsing their
routines in the practice ring of the factory building and the more formal ring
next door -- inside the tent that will be loaded onto one of 35 semis that will
take the show to its first stop, Dulles, the traditional warm-up run before New
York.

It is Barette's job to hone the disparate acts into a unit, and at the moment,
he and the show's choreographer, Valerie Dean, are trying to encourage the
"Celebrate!" cast to inject some vitality into the opening ensemble sequence,
known as charivari. The pressure of the clock is omnipresent: A dry-erase board
in the office next to the ring is what is known as the Big Apple "reality
board," which daily tracks alterations in the running time allotted to each act
and thus the entire show. The total at the bottom on this day reads "2:05:45,"
which seems to satisfy Christensen's dictum that the show should run just a
fraction more than two hours.

It might be a bit soon to tell, but at this point, the charivari probably won't
be the most exhilarating aspect of the production. "Keep it going! Keep it
going!" Barette implores, as the performers dutifully chug through the routine.
"Keep turning, keep turning! Don't stop!"

They don't and neither, it seems, do the challenges. Jando, whose comprehensive
history of circus performance is being published next year, says that perhaps
Big Apple shouldn't worry so much about the competition -- "A circus is a
circus," he says -- and should direct its admirable energies to what it does
best: Feature great acts.

"Why do you go to the circus?" he asks. "To see people doing incredible things.
So you have to deliver something that is going to surprise them." He mentions
the tape of a balancing act from Ukraine that blew him away -- "so novel, with
very young performers."

"That's the challenge for the Big Apple Circus," he adds. "To hunt for those new
things, and get them here."

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      MARCH 22, 1996 Friday CNORTH EDITION

NEWS IN BRIEF

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 552 words


LEGISLATORS' TALKS TO SWAY MEAD ARE UNSUCCESSFUL FALLS - In a last-ditch effort,
members of the Governor's Action Team, Sen. Robert "Tommy" Tomlinson, (R.,
Bucks) and Rep. Thomas Corrigan (D., Bucks) met with Mead Corp. officials
yesterday, hoping to sway the paper giant from closing its Fairless Hills
packaging plant.

Earlier this month, Mead announced it would shut down the 23-year-old plant,
firing about 100 workers this spring. The meeting, held in Philadelphia with
Mead heads of human resources and manufacturing, was not successful, said
Tomlinson spokesman Jim Cawley. Now, the focus will turn to helping the
displaced workers find jobs and drawing other industries to the Mead site,
Cawley said.

"Our main concern was making sure that Mead had made a decision with all the
information available to them. . . . We wanted them to know that we had a desire
to keep that factory open," said Cawley.

RELOCATION OF WATER MAIN BELOW ROUTE 202 WILL BEGIN The Philadelphia Suburban
Water Co. will spend $7.7 million to relocate a 42-inch water main below Route
202 in Valley Forge. The water main relocation is part of PennDot's construction
project and will continue for two years.

In addition, over the next year the water company will spend $2 million to
replace or clean old water mains in Conshohocken, Abington, Cheltenham, Lower
Merion and Upper Merion.

None of the projects will completely close streets or affect water service.

WHITEMARSH HOME BURGLAR PERFORMS AN ODD PRANK WHITEMARSH - Police believe a
thief crawled through the window of a home on the 4100 block of Joshua Road last
Friday morning and stole a purse. Before leaving, though, the intruder sneaked
into a 13-year-old girl's bedroom and did something rather odd.

The thief apparently took a plastic money container and makeup case off the
sleeping girl's dresser and placed the items in her hands. The girl awoke later
grasping the two items, unsure of how they got there.

The father awoke after the intruder had left, but no one discovered the theft or
realized the thief had entered the girl's bedroom until the next day. The thief
made off with $50 cash and some credit cards.

3 TRENTON TEENS CHARGED IN THE THEFT OF TWO CARS MIDDLETOWN TOWNSHIP - A police
chase from Morrisville into Trenton led to the arrest of three Trenton teens
accused in the theft of two cars, including a late-model Acura from the Oxford
Valley Mall, police said.

Middletown Police Lt. Pat McGinty said the teens, all males between the ages of
13 and 17, were spotted about 8:30 p.m. Wednesday acting suspiciously in a green
Honda parked outside the United Artists Theatres. Police Officer Andy Amoroso,
assigned to the mall detail, approached the car, McGinty said, and the three
fled from it, got into the red Acura, and drove off.

Amoroso radioed a description of the vehicle to Bucks County police radio, and
within minutes, Morrisville police spotted the vehicle on West Bridge Street and
pursued it into Trenton, where it was stopped and the youths taken into custody
with the aid of Trenton police. The three were being held at the Mercer County
Juvenile Detention Facility, McGinty said, in the theft of the Acura and the
Honda recovered at the mall, which had been stolen earlier Wednesday in Trenton.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           The Nikkei Weekly (Japan)

                               December 25, 1995

Hands across the water sway to hula rhythms
200 Japanese Dancers Invited To Perform At Honolulu Festival

SECTION: ISSUES & PEOPLE; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 378 words


Every week at Sun Plaza Gakuen, a private culture school in western Tokyo, about
70 women, most of them over 50, gather to wiggle their hips and dream of wearing
grass skirts.

Simply put, they hula dance.

"While dancing to Hawaiian music, I move every part of my body. It's good
exercise and prevents me from getting forgetful," said 78-year-old Hideko
Takahashi, who has been doing the hula for seven years.

As the director of the Sun Plaza school can attest, hula dancing gets more
popular in Japan every year. There's even an All Japan Hula Association, which
claims that 20,000 mostly middle-aged and elderly women sway regularly to the
rhythm of the islands.

Hula, in fact, has become so prominent that 200 Japanese housewives recently
were invited to perform the flowing, pantamonic dance at next March's Honolulu
Festival as part of a cultural-exchange program with the U.S.

"I've been teaching hula in Japan for 35 years, but this is the first such
invitation we've received," said Maire Honma, chairwoman of the hula
association. "I think there will never be another opportunity like this. So, I
replied at once to participate." She said the group started recruiting
participants in early November and about 200 immediately applied.

The fair at the Oahu town's City Hall is organized by the Honolulu Festival
Committee, which consists of U.S. and Japanese politicians and business leaders
including Hawaii Governor Benjamin J. Cayetano, Honolulu Mayor Jeremy Harris and
Matsuo Toshimitsu, executive adviser to Japan Airlines Co.

The Japanese housewives will appear in the opening ceremony, dancing in groups
of 15-20. Their performance will mark the second by a delegation from Japan,
which has played a major role in the islands' culture since the first Japanese
visited in 1868. Last year, Japanese participants flew kites and demonstrated
traditional martial arts.

"I dance hula to promote Hawaiian culture, which I like very much," said Masako
Masuda, a 63-year-old resident of Musashino, a Tokyo suburb.

"Hula is good for your health," agreed Haruko Fukuzawa, 55, of Hachioji, another
community near the capital. "More than that, each action of the dance has a
meaning. It has depth and its music is also cheerful. I really enjoy it."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                              963 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    August 20, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Flamenco stirs the blood: Fiery Spanish dance raising temperatures in Calgary

BYLINE: SHELLEY KNAPP, CALGARY HERALD

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. C6 / FRONT

LENGTH: 826 words


They spin, they stomp and seductively sway. Their movements are as sultry as a
summer night in New Orleans and as passionate as a bride and groom's first kiss.

They are doing the flamenco and many Calgarians are learning the intricate
dance.

"Maybe it's because of the numbers in Riverdance. Or movies like Dance With Me
(which opens tomorrow in Calgary), I don't know. All I know is, we are getting a
lot more calls from people wanting to learn," says Carmen Galvez, owner and
instructor at Aire Flamenco.

Once she puts on her high-heeled black flamenco shoes, coils her raven hair atop
her head and puts on her scarlet dress, it's apparent that Galvez truly loves
this dance.

As the music begins, her hands gracefully sway above her and a loud bang echoes
through the studio.

The sharp staccato bangs punctuating the music emanate from her slender feet,
turning them into another instrument.

She explains that flamenco shoes have more than 50 nails driven into the toe and
heel, which create the loud sound that characterizes today's flamenco.

But the dancer is only one component of the traditional dance style. Vocals and
guitars are also part of the experience.

Flamenco started with singing and some hand clapping known as "palmas." The
guitar came later. Some songs are even performed without dancing and some dances
without singing.

"There are no hard and fast rules," explains Galvez. "The important thing to
remember about flamenco is that it's about passion and that it comes from the
heart."

The new brand of the dance is done to the strains of flute, sax and percussion
instruments, she adds. And sometimes the whirling movements are accompanied by a
complete orchestra.

"It's nice to see how it all changes and I truly love everything about
flamenco."

Galvez, a Chilean native, fell in love with the dance at an early age. She says
it was like a fire in her blood. She fanned her passion and eventually travelled
to Spain for a year to study at some of the world's premier flamenco studios.

"It was truly amazing, the dance you see and learn is way more advanced than
what I could have studied at home."

She hopes to instill that love and passion into the students who come to her
studio.

Maria Beston, a first year student of Galvez, says she adores everything
flamenco. "It's a fun thing for me. I really love it, it has a lot of passion
and it's great exercise -- what more can I say?"

She adds that she had spent seven years in Spain so dancing the flamenco brings
her back to her time in Seville. "I was very happy there, it's so beautiful --
just like the flamenco."

Galvez smiles, saying that a phrase like that demonstrates the power of the
dance.

"It's something that comes from your soul and you either love it or you don't.
My students seem to be the lovers."

Others are led to flamenco because of the air of mystique that shrouds its
origin, she adds.

Flamenco was the dance of the Gypsies who travelled from northern India and
settled in Europe, Galvez explains. But Gypsies don't call themselves that, they
are known as "Ruma Calk," meaning "from the plains" or "runner from the plains,"
a fact she uncovered while in Spain. Even the name flamenco is believed to be a
blend of mispronounced Arabic words, "felag" meaning peasant and "mengu" meaning
fugitive.

And despite the dislike of the Gypsy culture by the European elite, the
passionate dance made its official debut in an Italian opera in the 18th
century.

"The history of the dance is as fascinating and as intricate as the steps we
dancers perform," says Galvez with a smile.

And now Calgarians will have the opportunity to see those intricate steps
performed by flamenco masters.

Spain's Elias Vargas & Company will perform Gypsy Soul on Saturday to kick off
this year's Hispanic Festival.

"It's wonderful that we can have such high calibre flamenco in Calgary. It will
be a fantastic show," says Galvez, adding that it will be a blend of traditional
and modern styles.

If the flamenco fire is burning in your blood, Vargas will be holding workshops
from Aug. 23 to 27. Galvez, who adds classes are filling up quickly, can be
contacted at 271-2744 for more information.

Where to find Flamenco in Calgary

- Direct from Spain, Gypsy Soul, with Elias Vargas & Company perform Saturday at
the University Theatre. Call Ticketmaster to get your tickets at 777-0000.

- From Aug. 23 to the 27 Elias Vargas and his partner Pastora de Umbria are
holding flamenco workshops for novice to advanced levels. Classes will take
place at the Calgary Multicultural Centre, 712 5th St. S.E. For more information
call 271-2744.

- Aire Flamenco, 712 5th St. S.E., offers flamenco dance lessons for all ages.
Call 271-2744.

- The Blue House Cafe, 3843 19th St. N.W., is the place to go in Calgary to
listen to authentic flamenco music. Ricardos Madrid, plays Thursday through
Sunday from 7 p.m. to 10 p.m.


LOAD-DATE: August 21, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Hispanic Performing Arts Society / Elias Vargas & Company
from Spain will perform Saturday to kick off the Hispanic Festival.
Color Photo: Trudie Lee / Christian Vezina and Hannah Stilwell of Decidedly Jazz
Danceworks strike a classic flamenco pose.

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            November 13, 2016 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

TECHNOLOGY;
Has Facebook grown too influential?;
After Trump's victory, even some in Silicon Valley worry about social media's
sway.

BYLINE: David Pierson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1343 words


Hillary Clinton was the choice of nearly every American newspaper editorial
board. It didn't matter.

When it comes to influencing public opinion, the 2016 presidential election
demonstrated with sobering effect the weakening role of traditional media and
the ascendant power of social networks such as Facebook.

Forty-four percent of Americans get their news from Facebook, according to the
Pew Research Center, filling a void left by the declining ranks of newspapers.
By comparison, only 2 in 10 U.S. adults get news from print newspapers today.

The consequences of Facebook's growing sway became clear during an election
cycle that saw the rise of partisan news, conspiracies, fake articles and a
winning candidate who fully embraced social media as a way to circumvent the
media establishment and its proclivity for checking facts.

The problem with rumors and fake news grew so acute that President Obama felt
the need to address it at a Clinton rally Monday in Michigan.

"And people, if they just repeat attacks enough, and outright lies over and over
again, as long as it's on Facebook and people can see it, as long as it's on
social media, people start believing it. And it creates this dust cloud of
nonsense," he said.

In a Thursday Q&A, Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg dismissed the notion
that his company had any role in influencing the outcome of Tuesday's election.

"The idea that fake news on Facebook ... influenced the election in any way I
think is a pretty crazy idea," he said.

"I do think," Zuckerberg continued, "there is a certain profound lack of empathy
in asserting that the only reason why someone could have voted the way they did
is because they saw some fake news."

Pew research shows social media can have an impact, however. A survey conducted
by the center over the summer found 20% of social media users changed their
views on a political or social issue because of something they read on social
media.

The question now is whether Facebook and other social media platforms have the
responsibility to stop, or at least identify to readers, phony news. That's
eliciting some reflection in Silicon Valley, which has always advocated a
laissez faire approach to information.

In a widely shared video Wednesday, Dave McClure, founder of the business
accelerator 500 Startups, went on an expletive-laden tirade about technology and
President-elect Donald Trump's victory at a tech summit in Lisbon.

"Technology has a role in that we ... provide communication platforms for the
rest of the ... country and we are allowing ... like the cable news networks....
It's a propaganda medium. People aren't aware" of what they're consuming, he
said.

In a phone interview later, McClure challenged other entrepreneurs to live up to
the industry cliche of making the world a better place.

"We have to support the well-being of society," he said. "With great power comes
great responsibility. These are platforms with hundreds of millions of people."

Even backers of Reddit, a sprawling network of user-generated forums that bills
itself as the "front page of the Internet," are having second thoughts about an
ecosystem that prizes virality and offers little reward for accuracy.

"Back when Reddit was first started, I thought their cheeky tag line 'freedom
from the press' was all to the good," said Paul Graham, co-founder of tech
incubator Y-Combinator and the first investor in Reddit. "Now I worry about
where we're headed."

"Technological change is mostly inevitable," Graham continued. "I don't think we
could have avoided what's happened. Often when technology causes a problem, it
also hands you a solution. I'm hoping that will be the case here. But I'm damned
if I know what it is."

Facebook has long argued that its news feed is a reflection of a user's wider
world. Over the summer, the company changed its news feed algorithm to deliver
more posts from friends and family rather than articles. The company said it
would continue to tweak its news feed algorithm, but it declined to say what, if
anything, it would do about bogus journalism on its platform.

The Internet has always been home to fringe ideas and hoaxes, of course, but
rarely have they been bolstered by an all-consuming topic like this year's
election and powerful social media platforms to fan the flames.

Facebook reported that 115.3 million users generated 716.3 million posts, likes
and comments about the election.

Meanwhile, Twitter said it registered more than 75 million election-related
tweets on election day, about two-and-a-half times more than it did on election
day in 2012.

The staggering election-related activity on Facebook comes at a time when the
social network has been littered with thousands of fake stories with headlines
like "FBI Agent Suspected In Hillary Email Leaks Found Dead In Apparent
Murder-Suicide" from fake news organizations with reputable-sounding names such
as the Denver Guardian.

Last week, BuzzFeed reported on teens in Macedonia who churn out hundreds of
politically charged make-believe articles for American audiences, reaping the
digital advertising revenue from hundreds of thousands of shares.

The article noted that a fake story from Macedonia headlined, "Hillary Clinton
in 2013: 'I Would Like to See People Like Donald Trump Run for Office; They're
Honest and Can't Be Bought,' " garnered 480,000 shares, reactions and comments
on Facebook. That's nearly three times the Facebook interactions the New York
Times got for its scoop about Donald Trump declaring $916 million in losses on
his 1995 income tax returns, BuzzFeed reported.

Fake news even made its way to the candidates. Trump himself has used his widely
followed Twitter account to retweet and share false crime data that massively
overstate the percentage of whites killed by blacks in the U.S.

Journalism experts say Facebook needs to take more responsibility for its
content now that it commands the influence newspapers and news networks once did
-- without the same scrutiny and regulations.

The company doesn't need a broadcast license nor is it largely responsible for
what its users publish, thanks to Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act,
which places the responsibility on individual users.

That effectively shields Facebook from libel and defamation, giving it room to
take a hands-off approach on content.

The company, which has a market capitalization of $360 billion, may have other
reasons for not wanting to get closely involved in curating content.

Facebook got rid of its human news curators this year after they were accused by
conservative groups of favoring established media sources for its trending news
feature. That job now rests on an algorithm.

If Facebook wants more eyeballs -- and it's in the business of getting as many
as possible -- it's incentivized to give its users the news they want rather
than the news that's real (perhaps one of the reasons why daily newspaper
circulation has declined all but one year in the last decade). That's merely
widening the echo chamber inside communities that dismiss traditional media as
biased and elitist.

"If their goal is to simply retain user engagement by reaffirming everything
users already believe without challenging them, then there are real
consequences. They need to own up to that," said Gabriel Kahn, co-director of
the Media, Economics and Entrepreneurship program at USC's Annenberg School for
Communication and Journalism.

Kahn said the proliferation of fake news reminded him of what the late Sen.
Daniel Patrick Moynihan often liked to say: "Everyone is entitled to his own
opinion, but not to his own facts."

But the continued undermining of institutions such as the news media in the eyes
of the public remains troubling for Kahn, a former reporter and editor for the
Wall Street Journal.

"I've dedicated my professional life to reporting accurately about difficult and
complicated events," he said, "and I continue to believe there is a public value
and an economic value to doing the job of a reporter as classically defined."

--

david.pierson@latimes.com

Twitter: @dhpierson

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: DONALD TRUMP appears in a video posted on his official Facebook
account. He fully embraced social media as a way to circumvent the media
establishment and its proclivity for checking facts.  PHOTOGRAPHER: Facebook

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of the Navy (California)
Issues Solicitation for "Weapons Impact Scoring Set Portable Retractable Tower"

LENGTH: 773  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of the Navy, Naval Sea Systems Command officer has issued
requirement for "Weapons Impact Scoring Set Portable Retractable Tower"

Solicitation No: RFI-N64267-16-T-0247

Notice Type: Special Notice
Posted Date: July 27, 2016

Description: Request for information for Weapons Impact Scoring Set Portable
Retractable Tower - Request for Information. Please provide Photos and refer to
attached PDFs for further information.


Response to RFI questions are as follows:
Q: Will the questions be answered before the response is due.
A: Yes
Q: #12: (2) Total sections require the section to be approx. 32' to have at a 4'
overlap, or the use of a mast with (2) 30' sections. An unguided system with a
6' mast will generate a lot of deflection and sway. What are the accuracy
requirements? Deflection? Sway? At Operational Wind speed? Survival Wind speed?
A: #12 Operation Maximum deflection of 0.1 degree at 30MPH wind with 300 pound
payload and surface area of 20 square feet. Minimum survival wind speed of
70MPH.
Q: #18: 300 +? Or should this read a max payload up to 300 lbs.? What does 300+
mean as it could be 1000.
A: #18: Payload shall be minimum of 300 pounds.
Q: #19 We would offer a superior design containing continuous interlocking
capabilities by each tower leg supported by our version of slide radial rods
that extend the entire length of every tower leg. The radial pressure slide bar
system described on No. 19 of the RFI requirements provides contact to only one
side of the tower top section and only the last 5ft of the tower section. I
would like to see evidence that supports the statement on the requirement that
radial pressure slide bar system eliminates the use of guy wires and provides
greater tower stability. Such statement should be supported by test results and
analysis. We will gladly provide analysis and destructive test results to
support our tower's capabilities. Please read carefully our comments below on a,
b, and c.
(Q19a)We recommend removing this requirement from the SOW. Testing showed that
this type of system exerts an outward force on the rungs to which the bars are
mounted (100 psi or more depending on tolerances, plumbness, etc. This is in the
static (not under wind load) condition.) With a preload on the rungs, causing
deflections in the beam, it was found to reduce the rung FOS by a factor of 3.
(Q19b)Lastly, it was found that the fatigue cycling on these rungs as a result
of the zero-based oscillatory wind loading and sway of an unguyed aluminum
system reduced the strength of the rungs even more. Combine these structural and
design deficiencies with the yield strength reduction from the contiguous HAZ
(Heat Affected Zone) of the weld and the radial slide bars become the system's
weak link.
(Q19c)Our design puts the contact in the legs and along the entire length of the
legs. Instead of reducing the Euler buckling capacity we maintain it. To ensure
structural superiority throughout the tower we do not weld to load carrying
members. If welding needs to be performed on any subcomponent parts, the
necessary heat treatment to normalize the weld is performed to return the
material to its normal strength.
A: #19 a, b, c: As long as requirements #42 and #43 are met, an alternative can
be considered.
Q: #20: Due to welding reducing the yield strength (by 1/3) of the structure in
the 1"-3" proximity of the weld (Heat Affected Zone, HAZ), we would opt for a
substructure that can be welded to a bracket that is riveted or bolted to the
superstructure. This substructure would obviously be heat treated to regain most
of its yield strength characteristics throughout.
A: #20: The two mounting brackets for the cable track can be bolted on the tower
as long as it is fixed for the lifetime of the tower.
Q: #34: What are these for?
A: #34: These are for moving a substructures that will be built and installed
separately on the trailer deck after the delivery of the trailers.
Q: #37: Again, due to the substantial strength reduction welding would cause, we
would recommend bolting or riveting a heat treated substructure.
A: #37: Bolting on these mounting bars should be fine.
Q: #39: Our leg design provides a 1.75" cable guide built into the leg. Do we
need to add an additional pipe or will our leg design suffice?
Q: #39:  The cables will be installed in cable track and cannot utilize the
built-in cable guide as suggested.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 336

Contact Details: NSWC Corona Division P.O. Box 5000 Corona, California
92878-5000 United States

Point of Contact(s): Salvador Silva, Contract Specialist Salvador.Silva@navy.mil
Phone: 9513934958


LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                          September 28, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Cell tower plan still sparks anger; Rogers fails to sway Pointe Claire residents

BYLINE: ALBERT KRAMBERGER, Freelance

SECTION: WEST ISLAND; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 451  words


Despite assurances from government officials regarding possible health risks as
well as a possible alternative to erecting a cellphone tower at Beck Park,
Rogers Communications officials failed to sway residents who packed an
information meeting in Pointe Claire last week.

Rogers had organized the meeting for residents living in the vicinity of Beck
Park, at the corner of Delmar and St. Louis Aves., to deal with their concerns
regarding health, questions about technical requirements and to address the next
steps in the project and its consultation process.

Before dealing with the subject of the controversial tower, sparks flew over the
question of language, as residents demanded the presentations be made in
English, rather than just mainly in French as initially announced. Organizers
and speakers from Rogers, Health Canada and Industry Canada complied.

Pascale Bellier, a research biologist with Health Canada, informed residents
that Industry Canada sets standards for radio frequencies/ electromagnetic
fields and that cellphone towers are not considered by the government agency to
be a health risk based on a weight of evidence.

"We look not only at the quantity of articles published on certain health
effects, we also look at the quality of those reports," she said.

"The limits in the code are 50 times lower than the threshold of any possible
adverse health effects," she added.

Bellier said while heavy cellphone usage has been labelled as "possibly
carcinogenic" by the International Agency for Research on Cancer, the term
simply indicates further testing is required. She pointed out exposure limits
from cellphone usage differs from towers.

Health Canada's James Mc-Namee, a research scientist, pointed out exposure
limits associated with cellphone towers are 1,000 times lower than from
cellphones.

Barbara Smith, whose property backs onto Beck Park, said she will never accept a
tower at the park.

"It's only going to be 100 yards from a soccer field where kids between the ages
of 5 and 15 play, they got a playground in the same proximity, a little nature
area. They're building a great big ugly cell tower close to personal property,
they should not be allowed."

Gérard Bélisle, a Rogers site acquisition specialist, said the Beck Park
location was accepted by the city, which would receive revenue from leasing the
spot. He presented an alternative to the tower which he hopes would quell
opposition. He said two to three antennas could be installed on top on lamp
posts near the park.

Rogers also announced it is establishing a working group, including five
residents, to come up with a viable solution for Beck Park.

Industry Canada has the final say if a cellphone tower can be erected.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              967 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                  July 4, 1994

JAPANESE OFFER TALL STOREYS TO THEIR DOUBTERS

BYLINE: Kevin Rafferty In Tokyo

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN HOME PAGE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 370 words


- Experts believe it would take 30 minutes to reach the top of the building.
Passengers would have to change lifts part-way up

- In normal wind conditions, the top would sway at least 18ft

- The structure would need its own fire brigade and giant water tanks at
different levels for firefighting

THE Japanese have always lamented two things: living in a small island country
hemmed in by mountains, they suffer land shortages; and the rest of the world
believes they have little or no creative ability and derides them as "copycats".

Now the construction ministry in Tokyo has come up with a vast imaginative plan
which it hopes will be the perfect answer to land problems and will silence the
rest of the world. The ministry will this month set up a study group to build a
skyscraper 1,000 metres, or 300 storeys, high and capable of providing homes,
jobs and amusement for 100,000 people. If built, this would be almost three
times as high as the world's present tallest building, Chicago's Sears Tower, at
110 floors, and five times higher than Japan's biggest building.

Sam Webb, a British-based chartered architect, said: "In theory, it is quite
possible to construct a building of this size.  But safety must be a big
question. How would you evacuate a building with so many people in it? You would
also have to invent a new method to make it earthquake proof. The main problem
has to be financial."

Ministry officials estimate the study will take five years and involve
construction companies, engineers of all sorts, economists and environmental
experts. Present buildings of 50 to 60 storeys in Tokyo are earthquake proof,
but they tend to sway during a quake, making their occupants deel sick.

The total floor space of the new skyscraper is put at 1 million square metres.
The building is intended as a city in itself, with residential areas, offices,
amusement parks and entertainment facilities of all kinds.

Just in case the 300-storey project is not imaginative or big enough, one of
Japan's biggest construction companies, Shimizu Corporation, has announced plans
to build a "city of the future", a pyramid to house a million people. Details
may be disclosed next year.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              968 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       Herald Sun (Melbourne, Australia)

                            March 1, 2001, Thursday

Gates flees as hotel sways

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 243 words


MICROSOFT tycoon Bill Gates, the world's richest man, was hustled out of a
Seattle conference when today's quake struck.

Mr Gates was on stage at an education and technology conference at a city hotel
when the building began to sway.

He was whisked away as his audience bolted for the exits.

Some audience members were knocked down in the rush to get out and overhead
lights crashed to the floor.

Film taken at the conference showed the stage and side screens shaking
violently, with panels from the roof falling on the audience.

The quake brought thousands of people out of offices, hospitals, courthouses and
stores and onto the streets of downtown Seattle as shelves rattled, pictures
swayed and walls began to crack.

Seattle Mayor Paul Schell said: "I think we have weathered it. It looks so far
as if everything is working but it is too soon to tell. It's the biggest quake I
remember."

A local television station filming a downtown news conference caught the moment
the quake struck on tape.

It showed pictures swaying on an office wall, and people clutching at desks to
steady themselves.

Maria Ackley, 62, a resident of Mercer Island, a quiet residential community
east of the city, described the terror.

"When it first happened, there was a thundering sound," she said.

"The doors in the house were rattling and the windows in the kitchen were
rippling, literally. Everything was shaking. You felt like you were at sea."

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS

                   Copyright 2001 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              969 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             May 28, 2003 Wednesday

Buying Non-Partisan Elections

BYLINE: ERROL LOUIS

SECTION: EDITORIAL & OPINION; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 887 words


We may finally, and unfortunately, be witnessing the downside of making an
extremely wealthy man our mayor. The City Council yesterday introduced
legislation that will explicitly ban Mayor Bloomberg from using his personal
fortune to sway the outcome of a ballot initiative that's expected to go before
voters in November.

The council bill, at first blush, seems unconstitutional. Courts up to and
including the Supreme Court have ruled that spending money to advance a
political point of view is mostly a form of protected free speech.

But valid exceptions to this rule are occasionally made, and this looks like one
of them. The mayor is seeking to have voters approve a referendum that would
abolish the city's party primary system and replace it with non-partisan
municipal elections - a situation that benefits nobody more than Mr. Bloomberg
himself.

In his headlong drive to win the fall referendum, which would sharply curtail
the power of political parties, Mr. Bloomberg is demonstrating why those parties
serve as a useful check on the influence of money. It's one thing to spend money
to influence public opinion, and quite another for a government official to use
personal funds to influence the outcome of a governmental process he's supposed
to administer and by which he is supposed to abide.

Mr. Bloomberg's interest in getting rid of partisan primaries is understandable.
He has little or no allegiance to the Democratic or Republican parties, having
admitted that he switched from the former to the latter only as a way to enhance
his election chances.

The strategy worked in 2001. But now, faced with the specter of running
one-on-one against a Democrat in 2005 in a city where there are five Democrats
for every Republican, Mr. Bloomberg now wants to change the rules so that he can
run in a crowded field against a bevy of Democrats.

In such a scenario, Mr. Bloomberg would only need to draw 40% of the vote to win
re-election, a much easier task if he faces several opponents that divide the
Democratic vote. What rankles, however, is the idea that New York might change
long-standing electoral rules for the short-term political convenience of the
mayor - and that Mr. Bloomberg might, in effect, purchase this outcome by
spending lavishly on a televised campaign to sway the referendum vote.

Many of Mr. Bloomberg's supporters have been hoping he would continue to show
tasteful self-restraint when it came to the use of his billions. It's not
unconstitutional to spend $100 million of one's own money to win high office or
swing an election. But it's surely not a good thing for the republic if
government service becomes

a luxury item available for purchase only by a fortunate few.

It's no knock on Mr. Bloomberg to observe that he could not have become mayor of
New York in 2001 without spending tens of millions from his personal stash. But
the mayor's many advantages as an outsider - his refreshing bluntness, his
choice of deputies, his refusal to waste time waging petty political vendettas -
numbed the reality that the city's highest office was purchased.

It is to Mr. Bloomberg's credit that he has thus far run his government with a
flair and innovation that are rare in local politics. But trying to strong-arm
voters into banning party primaries tarnishes that reputation.

And besides, it won't work. With 30 co-sponsors, the council bill is certain to
pass, and will survive any attempted veto by the mayor.

Without an extravagant infusion of personal money from the mayor, voters are
unlikely to get rid of party primaries. Voters register in political parties -
or in no party - for a reason. Although it may not suit Mr. Bloomberg's goals or
his flexible approach to politics, the reality is that most people rely on party
labels to get some general sense of where candidates stand on certain issues.

People who hate unions probably don't vote for Democrats; voters who pull the
Conservative Party lever are relying on the party to screen out candidates who
favor gay marriage.

Mr. Bloomberg's handpicked supporters on the charter commission believe that the
only goal of the local political parties is to maintain a stranglehold over
government positions and patronage. There's no question that the Democrats and
Republicans attach an unseemly importance to controlling government jobs and
money, often to nefarious ends.

But even the worst of party bosses have Achilles' heesl: With enough hard work,
someone often can beat then at their own game and turn them out of office. In
the 1960s, a determined band of Greenwich Village reformers knocked Carmine
DeSapio off his Tammany perch and formed an electoral base that launched Mayor
Koch's career.

In the late 1970s and early 1980s, a group of black reform candidates in
Brooklyn began picking off seats held by hacks loyal to Meade Esposito, the
Democratic boss. More recently, reformers have bucked the will of Brooklyn's
Democratic leaders and captured district leaderships, council seats, and even a
few judgeships.

The party organizations, for all their faults, can often be thwarted in the
polling booth by democratic means. That's all the more reason for the mayor to
abandon the shenanigans surrounding the proposed charter revisions and let
voters implement reform in their own way, at their own pace. 538 1105 630 1116

elouis@nysun.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2003 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      May 15, 1989, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Mears scorches Indy 500 track Averages over 223 m.p.h. to set record and grab
pole position

BYLINE: By Graham Jones Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 786 words

DATELINE: INDIANAPOLIS


   INDIANAPOLIS - In a repeat of last year's remarkable achievement, it will be
an all-Penske front row for the 73rd running of the Indianapolis 500 on May 28.

With yet another display of oval-track mastery, it was Rick Mears who once again
clinched the prestigious pole position for motor racing's most famous event.

Mears scorched around the 2 1/2-mile rectangular race course at an average speed
of 223.885 m.p.h. over his four qualifying laps, his best lap being a
scintillating 224.254 m.p.h. This compares with his 1988 pole-winning average of
219.198 m.p.h. and a quickest lap of 220.453 m.p.h.

Alongside Mears on the front row of the grid when the 33 cars move off to take
the start of the race will be Al Unser Sr., the veteran Indy racer clearly
demonstrating that at 49 years of age, he has lost none of his touch behind the
wheel of a race car with an average speed of 223.471 m.p.h.

Cool customer

Showing the same sort of penchant for sitting on the front row of racing grids
as his countryman Ayrton Senna, twice Formula One world champion Emerson
Fittipaldi of Brazil made it a Penske-Chevrolet front-row sweep by taking the
outside front row slot with a speed of 222.329 m.p.h.

After the qualifying effort, "Rocket-man Rick," as he has come to be known, was
his usual calm, collected self, although he did admit this year's qualifying
effort had been tougher than in 1988.

"We had to work a little harder this year," he commented. "This time I had to
fight my line (in the corners) and adjust and play with the sway bars. There was
understeer in the car and I had to work with it.

"The first time around I was under the line (on the inside of the track). I was
adjusting the sway bars and I was popping off the pop-off valve. I was working
pretty hard. I did manage to have my hands on the wheel from time to time,
though," he grinned.

The first day of qualifying for the 1989 Indianapolis 500 was also full of
controversy. Michael Andretti was not amused to suffer the first
disqualification of his racing career when his Lola-Chevrolet was found to be
five pounds under the minimum allowed weight of 1,550 pounds at a
post-qualifying check.

A hard-charging run had seen the son of 1969 Indianapolis 500 winner Mario
Andretti record the fifth fastest speed of the day at 220.940 m.p.h., just ahead
of his illustrious father, who posted 220.486 m.p.h. in his identical Lola.

Weighty problem

The technical infringement meant the younger Andretti's run was disallowed and
he would therefore have to attempt to re-qualify. To add to the day's misery,
that effort was thwarted when he discovered a faulty pop-off valve was
preventing the engine of his car from developing sufficient turbocharger boost
pressure and he could not approach his earlier lap speeds.

"I don't understand how that (the car being underweight) could be since we added
weight before we went out," said an obviously irritated Andretti. "The thing
that I really don't understand is that they (United States Auto Club officials)
would not let us re-weigh the car to check the scales.

"Anyway, as a result, we've lost one race - the one for the pole - but the next
one's the big one. That's what we're going to turn our efforts to now."

There were two other drivers over the 220 m.p.h. mark yesterday, both of them in
Buick-powered Lolas. Expatriate Scotsman Jim Crawford qualified fourth with a
speed of 221.450 m.p.h. while Scott Brayton managed 220.459 m.p.h. in only the
second qualifying run of the day.

There was a little piece of history made at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway
yesterday which went virtually unnoticed but which should give Canadians reason
for great pride.

Heimrath 'satisfied'

For the first time ever, two Canadians have qualified for this classic 500-mile
race. Ludwig Heimrath Jr. of Scarborough and John Jones of Thunder Bay both
recorded speeds which should guarantee them a place in the 33-car field on May
28. Heimrath wheeled his 1988 Lola-Judd around in 213.878 m.p.h. while Jones, at
the wheel of a 1989 Lola-Cosworth, set an excellent 214.028 m.p.h. in his second
qualifying attempt.

"We're satisfied," commented Heimrath, "since we're in the show. It's also a
definite improvement over last year when we qualified on the last day on our
last attempt. I don't think my fingernails could take another last-minute deal
like that."

Jones was understandably pleased by his fastest-ever laps around the Speedway.
"It's getting easier the faster I go," he said. "As I work with the car and get
comfortable, the speeds are going up. Now I just want to concentrate on working
in traffic. I think if I run a strong, clean race, I'll end up in the top 10."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photos Rick Mears; Al Unser Sr.

                  Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              971 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              July 8, 2012 Sunday
                                 FOURTH EDITION

Airbus moves into Boeing turf New Alabama plant brings clout, U.S. jobs.

BYLINE: David Nicklaus dnicklaus @post-dispatch.com 314-340-8213

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 573 words

DATELINE: 0


In an interconnected world where location should matter less and less, it
instead seems to matter more.

A case in point is Airbus' decision to build an aircraft plant in Mobile, Ala.,
which is a long way from its other assembly sites in France and Germany.

Airbus heralded its $600 million investment as a "game-changing decision" and
said it wanted to "seize the opportunity" to produce planes in the U.S., the
world's largest aircraft market. Chief Executive Fabrice Brégier said his
company was taking advantage of layoffs at other American aerospace companies
because "we go where the talent is."

Commercial airliner production in this country, of course, has long been the
province of another company, and the incumbent isn't exactly welcoming the new
plant with open arms. Boeing issued a statement saying that no matter how many
jobs are created in Mobile, "the numbers pale in comparison to the thousands of
U.S. jobs destroyed by illegal subsidies."

That's a reference to a long-running dispute that the World Trade Organization
decided this spring. It ruled that Airbus had received $18 billion in illegal
subsidies from the European Union, while Boeing got $5.3 billion of improper
U.S. assistance.

Boeing claims that many of the U.S. subsidy programs have ended, while Airbus
continues to benefit from vast sums of government aid.

The WTO case, though, had little bearing on Airbus' decision to build in Mobile,
says Scott Hamilton, a consultant with Leeham Co. in Issaquah, Wash.

Hamilton thinks Airbus has two main motives for building the new plant: To add
capacity so it can capture more orders for advanced, fuel-saving planes, and to
hedge against a further decline in the euro. Because Airbus prices planes in
dollars but incurs most of its costs in euros, Hamilton estimates, every 10-cent
drop in the exchange rate erases $1 billion in profits.

Richard Aboulafia, an analyst at Teal Group in Fairfax, Va., emphasizes another
reason: labor costs. Alabama is well known as a difficult place for unions to
organize.

"The biggest way where it might make sense is you get some marginal reduction in
costs for final assembly, and it lets you put pressure on the unions back home,"
Aboulafia said.

There's another possible gain, too: By creating up to 1,000 American jobs,
Airbus and its parent, European Aeronautics Defense & Space Co., or EADS, should
gain more political backing in Washington.

That may come in handy whenever a big Pentagon contract comes up for bid. Last
year, EADS lost a $35 billion Air Force tanker contract to Boeing after a
decade-long battle marred by scandal and skulduggery.

EADS promised to build a plant in Mobile if it won that contract, but that
wasn't enough to sway the Pentagon. Next time, it will be able to talk about
real workers instead of potential ones.

Officially, Airbus isn't admitting to any political motives. It says this is
about the size of the U.S. airliner market, but Hamilton doesn't think the
plant's location will sway any orders. "Delta CEO Richard Anderson doesn't give
two hoots in hell about where the airplane is built," Hamilton says. "He's more
concerned about what it's going to cost him."

Hamilton does think the new plant will put pressure on Boeing. The Mobile plant
will make an advanced version of the A320 that is available about two years
before Boeing can deliver its competing 737 Max. And even if location doesn't
matter to the airline industry, timing certainly does.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    August 18, 2002 Sunday Michigan Edition

Bush to help Chocola, hurt foe, but how much...

BYLINE: By JACK COLWELL; Tribune Political Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B8; OPINION

LENGTH: 885 words


Jill Long Thompson can survive a Bush-whacking. But it will hurt.

President George W. Bush's scheduled Sept. 5 campaign trip to South Bend whacks
at Democratic congressional nominee Long Thompson in two ways.

Indeed, the president is coming for a $250-a-plate dinner and $4,000-each photos
for the sole purpose of helping Republican congressional nominee Chris Chocola
defeat Long Thompson in Indiana's 2nd District, a crucial election battleground.

The first whack is through what Bush will say. He will make an all-out plea for
election of Chocola as a candidate who would be a loyal supporter of the Bush
administration in Congress.

Though Bush's lofty poll ratings have dropped some, he still is popular,
particularly so in Indiana.

So, it stands to reason that Bush could sway some voters to Chocola and maybe
get other potential Chocola voters motivated enough to actually make it to the
polls.

How many?

Who knows?

Presidential coattails don't seem to be long any more in presidential election
years. Thus, in this year when Bush is not even on the ballot, he may not sway a
whole bunch of votes.

But enough for victory? Maybe. Maybe, if the race is the toss-up the national
political strategists and pundits now see.

Let's note also that folks who don't have high regard for Bush administration
policies -- especially those who blame him, rightly or wrongly, for a 401(k)
becoming a 101(k) -- could be motivated to vote for Long Thompson.

All that said, the Bush visit in terms of immediate impact is a plus, at least a
little, for Chocola and a whack at Long Thompson's election prospects.

The second way in which the presidential campaign visit will help Chocola, hurt
Long Thompson, is probably the most important: Fund-raising.

The quarter million dollars Vice President Dick Cheney raised for Chocola in a
May 2 event could look like peanuts in comparison with what Bush can raise.
Heck, pictures with Cheney were at bargain-basement prices, just $1,000. And
more big rollers will want to be photographed with George W. at four times the
dirt-cheap Cheney price.

As though Chocola needed all that extra money, you may say.

Well, he does.

Chocola is far ahead of Long Thompson in raising campaign funds so far. And the
wealthy corporate executive, who threw a half million of his own money into his
impressive but losing 2000 campaign, hasn't dipped into his personal funds this
time.

Politically, that's good. It stifles the Democratic complaints that Chocola is
trying with personal wealth to "buy" a seat in Congress.

And he still will double, maybe triple, the million dollars spent in his 2000
campaign.

Money isn't everything.

It sure as heck is something, however, something very important when it comes to
the battle of 30-second TV spots that are the most effective tools in modern
congressional campaigns.

Long Thompson has tried this summer to match Chocola TV buys. She figures she
can't afford to fall behind. Chocola strategists also hope her spending now and
the big Republican fund-raising lead will mean she won't be able to afford in
late October to come close to matching a final TV blitz and all-out organization
effort.

Democrats in the 2nd District have been wondering who Long Thompson could bring
in for a fund-raiser to bolster her campaign coffers in the way Cheney and Bush
are aiding Chocola.

Answer: Nobody.

The best Democratic fund-raiser still is Bill Clinton, and with many Americans
looking back more fondly at the Clinton-era economy, he would raise a huge
amount at a dinner here or just about anywhere.

He can't come, however. That's because Clinton also is disliked by so many
people in these parts, where he never was very popular.

Bringing in Clinton, Bill or Hillary, or Al Gore would be a political disaster
for Long Thompson.

Though she was a moderate while serving in Congress, very much a Democratic
fiscal conservative, Chocola now seeks out votes she cast that would give her an
image of being too liberal for Indiana. An appearance by those national
Democrats would help to link her with more liberal policies.

Long Thompson will have campaign help. Sen. Evan Bayh and his father, former
Sen. Birch Bayh, are Democrats who appeal to Hoosiers. Former Congressman Lee
Hamilton would be a natural.

Maybe she can bring in somebody like Bill Bradley, who also would help with the
campaign.

None of those, of course, will bring a long line of people pleading for an
opportunity to pay $4,000 for a photo.

Long Thompson, targeted for help in campaign funding by Democrats at the
national level, remains confident she will reach the campaign finance plateau
needed to remain competitive and win.

She hopes the Bush appearance will remind voters about the partial
"privatization" of Social Security that Bush proposed and Chocola supported.
That is thus far her No. 1 issue.

Whether this issue is about Democratic "scare tactics" or a Republican "risky
scheme" will be fought out throughout the campaign.

If the Social Security issue is helping Long Thompson, then maybe the
Bush-whacking won't hurt as much.

But it will hurt. Some. The question, impossible to answer now, is whether it
will hurt Long Thompson enough, help Chocola enough, to decide a race that is so
important and now so close.


LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              973 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                           October 25, 2001 Thursday

Federal govt. may use ads to sway anti-American sentiment

BYLINE: Bruce Miller

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 654 words


Can an advertising campaign overcome anti-American sentiment among Muslims and
others around the world?

Although several of Maryland's top industry executives offer different answers,
the Bush administration is considering a "public diplomacy" campaign to improve
America's image abroad. The State Department is talking with the Advertising
Council, a New York-based nonprofit that creates advertising strategies for
national causes, about creating a campaign to "sell" America in Muslim countries
by promoting the military action in Afghanistan and the war on terrorism.

Local advertisers say such a campaign would be difficult to create. Moreover, it
might not do much to sway Muslims overseas because the distrust of many runs
much deeper than the current war in Afghanistan.

"I don't think it's possible," said Roger Gray, president and chief executive of
Baltimore-based GKV. "The feelings toward America go way beyond the events of
September 11."

A smart move for the government would be to instead launch a focused public
relations campaign here at home to maintain public support of the war against
terrorism, Gray said.

"The feelings of fear and loss of security are going inward and affecting
everyone," Gray said. "Instead of looking at Arab countries, we need to look
inward."

However, other local industry insiders say a successful campaign, targeting Arab
countries, is not impossible.

"The odds are against it," said Tom Siebert, communications director at Trahan,
Burden & Charles. "The main problem would be the clash between the cultures in
general. It's war, and this is a propaganda war. The things that set you back in
a war are similar to what would set you back here."

The key to giving any campaign of this type a chance at success would be
learning more about Arab culture and talking to the Arab community in the United
States, to "help conceptualize and find out what is appropriate and what is
not," Siebert said.

"The best advertising comes from a point of truth," Siebert added. "If they got
some of the best minds in the country working together " I think our argument
could stand a chance. As long as they understand the culture, it has a shot. I
would not write it off."

Abe Novick, senior vice president at Eisner Communications, says America needs
to put together a campaign that is consistent and shies away from some of the
ambiguous messages it has been sending out internally.

For example, he says the government has been sending mixed messages to the
American people by urging them to get back to work as usual and then closing
government offices in light of anthrax scares.

"Before we can create a reactive message, it's vital to understand what it is
that would be believable," Novick said. "Branding, positioning and everything
that goes along with it cannot be ambiguous. It has to be a clear, consistent
message that is put forth."

Like TBC's Siebert, Novick says understanding the target audience is essential
if a campaign is to make an impact.

"It has to really understand that audience very well. If all you're going to be
doing is putting forward information that sounds like propaganda, it won't ring
true," Novick said.

The Campbell Group's Andy Dumaine, meanwhile, says there is potential for a
successful campaign, even though he believes an effort on this front should have
started long ago.

"We could have diffused a lot of this anger if we started this earlier," Dumaine
said. "People are angry because they're uninformed."

Dumaine says any campaign should include messages about the United States'
positive treatment of Arabs and Muslims.

"The Muslim religion is the second largest religion in the United States," he
said. "That's 7 million people allowed to practice their religion in freedom.
There is a lot of truth about U.S. treatment of Muslims that the world doesn't
know about. That's what we should be promoting."

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires


                              974 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday

Proposed election change could temper sway of special interest groups

BYLINE: The Oklahoman Editorial

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 584 words


LEGISLATION to hold local elections on the same day has received committee
approval, and Oklahoma lawmakers deserve praise for taking that step. By
simplifying the election calendar, the proposal could increase voter
participation, which in turn will reduce the sway of special interest groups
that often dominate such elections.Senate Bill 312, by Sen. David Holt,
R-Bethany, would consolidate all local candidate elections to one cycle in the
spring or one cycle in the fall.

The bill passed unanimously out of the Senate Rules Committee.While many
Oklahomans tout the importance of local control of government, low participation
in local elections undermines that concept.In 2013, a race for a school board
seat in Oklahoma City was decided by roughly 5 percent of eligible voters. Other
area races experienced comparably pitiful turnout. School elections in Deer
Creek, Edmond, Putnam City and Western Heights drew between 3 percent and 6
percent of voters.When turnout plummets to that level, it guarantees that
motivated special interest groups have the ability to dominate elections even
when their agenda may not be widely shared. Several years ago, the Jenks and
Union school districts filed harassment lawsuits against the parents of children
with special needs. The Oklahoma Supreme Court tossed those lawsuits using
language that made clear the justices considered the lawsuits frivolous and
vindictive.It's unlikely the broad population in Jenks and Union supported
efforts to financially hurt parents whose only offense was trying to obtain the
best education possible for their children through legal means. Yet those
taxpayers ultimately footed the bill for such an attack, in part because
low-turnout local elections can be easily dominated by the most extreme elements
of the electorate.In 2011, Oklahoma City University law professor Andrew
Spiropoulos noted that low-turnout elections are not problematic simply because
of the people who don't show up, but also for "the people who do.""The people
who vote in a stand-alone, low-turnout election are disproportionately those
individuals who have a personal stake in the outcome and are organized to
further these selfish interests - special-interest groups," Spiropoulos wrote.
He argued that moving school board elections to November, "when turnout and
engagement with politics is at its peak, will help turn popular control of
schools from a patriotic fairy tale into a reality."Citizens have an obligation
to stay informed and vote, regardless of the election date, of course. But part
of the problem lies in the obscure election dates associated with many local
races. Holt notes that Oklahoma City has held school board and career tech board
elections in February this year, but city council elections are in March.Placing
all races on one ballot should help facilitate greater awareness and voter
participation. That's a move the public supports. Research conducted by
SoonerPoll found 64.8 percent of Oklahoma likely voters favor moving school
board elections to November, with nearly half strongly favoring it. Republicans,
Democrats and independents all favored the move, as did liberals, moderates and
conservatives.SB 312 wouldn't necessarily move all local elections to November,
but it would place more of them on the ballot at the same time, and limit those
elections to specific times of year. If the legislation increases voter turnout
and reduces the influence of fringe groups in government, that's a change worth
making.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday

Proposed election change could temper sway of special interest groups

BYLINE: The Oklahoman Editorial

SECTION:

LENGTH: 584 words


LEGISLATION to hold local elections on the same day has received committee
approval, and Oklahoma lawmakers deserve praise for taking that step. By
simplifying the election calendar, the proposal could increase voter
participation, which in turn will reduce the sway of special interest groups
that often dominate such elections.Senate Bill 312, by Sen. David Holt,
R-Bethany, would consolidate all local candidate elections to one cycle in the
spring or one cycle in the fall.

The bill passed unanimously out of the Senate Rules Committee.While many
Oklahomans tout the importance of local control of government, low participation
in local elections undermines that concept.In 2013, a race for a school board
seat in Oklahoma City was decided by roughly 5 percent of eligible voters. Other
area races experienced comparably pitiful turnout. School elections in Deer
Creek, Edmond, Putnam City and Western Heights drew between 3 percent and 6
percent of voters.When turnout plummets to that level, it guarantees that
motivated special interest groups have the ability to dominate elections even
when their agenda may not be widely shared. Several years ago, the Jenks and
Union school districts filed harassment lawsuits against the parents of children
with special needs. The Oklahoma Supreme Court tossed those lawsuits using
language that made clear the justices considered the lawsuits frivolous and
vindictive.It's unlikely the broad population in Jenks and Union supported
efforts to financially hurt parents whose only offense was trying to obtain the
best education possible for their children through legal means. Yet those
taxpayers ultimately footed the bill for such an attack, in part because
low-turnout local elections can be easily dominated by the most extreme elements
of the electorate.In 2011, Oklahoma City University law professor Andrew
Spiropoulos noted that low-turnout elections are not problematic simply because
of the people who don't show up, but also for "the people who do.""The people
who vote in a stand-alone, low-turnout election are disproportionately those
individuals who have a personal stake in the outcome and are organized to
further these selfish interests - special-interest groups," Spiropoulos wrote.
He argued that moving school board elections to November, "when turnout and
engagement with politics is at its peak, will help turn popular control of
schools from a patriotic fairy tale into a reality."Citizens have an obligation
to stay informed and vote, regardless of the election date, of course. But part
of the problem lies in the obscure election dates associated with many local
races. Holt notes that Oklahoma City has held school board and career tech board
elections in February this year, but city council elections are in March.Placing
all races on one ballot should help facilitate greater awareness and voter
participation. That's a move the public supports. Research conducted by
SoonerPoll found 64.8 percent of Oklahoma likely voters favor moving school
board elections to November, with nearly half strongly favoring it. Republicans,
Democrats and independents all favored the move, as did liberals, moderates and
conservatives.SB 312 wouldn't necessarily move all local elections to November,
but it would place more of them on the ballot at the same time, and limit those
elections to specific times of year. If the legislation increases voter turnout
and reduces the influence of fringe groups in government, that's a change worth
making.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              976 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday

Proposed election change could temper sway of special interest groups

BYLINE: The Oklahoman Editorial

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 584 words


LEGISLATION to hold local elections on the same day has received committee
approval, and Oklahoma lawmakers deserve praise for taking that step. By
simplifying the election calendar, the proposal could increase voter
participation, which in turn will reduce the sway of special interest groups
that often dominate such elections.Senate Bill 312, by Sen. David Holt,
R-Bethany, would consolidate all local candidate elections to one cycle in the
spring or one cycle in the fall.

The bill passed unanimously out of the Senate Rules Committee.While many
Oklahomans tout the importance of local control of government, low participation
in local elections undermines that concept.In 2013, a race for a school board
seat in Oklahoma City was decided by roughly 5 percent of eligible voters. Other
area races experienced comparably pitiful turnout. School elections in Deer
Creek, Edmond, Putnam City and Western Heights drew between 3 percent and 6
percent of voters.When turnout plummets to that level, it guarantees that
motivated special interest groups have the ability to dominate elections even
when their agenda may not be widely shared. Several years ago, the Jenks and
Union school districts filed harassment lawsuits against the parents of children
with special needs. The Oklahoma Supreme Court tossed those lawsuits using
language that made clear the justices considered the lawsuits frivolous and
vindictive.It's unlikely the broad population in Jenks and Union supported
efforts to financially hurt parents whose only offense was trying to obtain the
best education possible for their children through legal means. Yet those
taxpayers ultimately footed the bill for such an attack, in part because
low-turnout local elections can be easily dominated by the most extreme elements
of the electorate.In 2011, Oklahoma City University law professor Andrew
Spiropoulos noted that low-turnout elections are not problematic simply because
of the people who don't show up, but also for "the people who do.""The people
who vote in a stand-alone, low-turnout election are disproportionately those
individuals who have a personal stake in the outcome and are organized to
further these selfish interests - special-interest groups," Spiropoulos wrote.
He argued that moving school board elections to November, "when turnout and
engagement with politics is at its peak, will help turn popular control of
schools from a patriotic fairy tale into a reality."Citizens have an obligation
to stay informed and vote, regardless of the election date, of course. But part
of the problem lies in the obscure election dates associated with many local
races. Holt notes that Oklahoma City has held school board and career tech board
elections in February this year, but city council elections are in March.Placing
all races on one ballot should help facilitate greater awareness and voter
participation. That's a move the public supports. Research conducted by
SoonerPoll found 64.8 percent of Oklahoma likely voters favor moving school
board elections to November, with nearly half strongly favoring it. Republicans,
Democrats and independents all favored the move, as did liberals, moderates and
conservatives.SB 312 wouldn't necessarily move all local elections to November,
but it would place more of them on the ballot at the same time, and limit those
elections to specific times of year. If the legislation increases voter turnout
and reduces the influence of fringe groups in government, that's a change worth
making.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday

Proposed election change could temper sway of special interest groups

BYLINE: The Oklahoman Editorial

SECTION:

LENGTH: 584 words


LEGISLATION to hold local elections on the same day has received committee
approval, and Oklahoma lawmakers deserve praise for taking that step. By
simplifying the election calendar, the proposal could increase voter
participation, which in turn will reduce the sway of special interest groups
that often dominate such elections.Senate Bill 312, by Sen. David Holt,
R-Bethany, would consolidate all local candidate elections to one cycle in the
spring or one cycle in the fall.

The bill passed unanimously out of the Senate Rules Committee.While many
Oklahomans tout the importance of local control of government, low participation
in local elections undermines that concept.In 2013, a race for a school board
seat in Oklahoma City was decided by roughly 5 percent of eligible voters. Other
area races experienced comparably pitiful turnout. School elections in Deer
Creek, Edmond, Putnam City and Western Heights drew between 3 percent and 6
percent of voters.When turnout plummets to that level, it guarantees that
motivated special interest groups have the ability to dominate elections even
when their agenda may not be widely shared. Several years ago, the Jenks and
Union school districts filed harassment lawsuits against the parents of children
with special needs. The Oklahoma Supreme Court tossed those lawsuits using
language that made clear the justices considered the lawsuits frivolous and
vindictive.It's unlikely the broad population in Jenks and Union supported
efforts to financially hurt parents whose only offense was trying to obtain the
best education possible for their children through legal means. Yet those
taxpayers ultimately footed the bill for such an attack, in part because
low-turnout local elections can be easily dominated by the most extreme elements
of the electorate.In 2011, Oklahoma City University law professor Andrew
Spiropoulos noted that low-turnout elections are not problematic simply because
of the people who don't show up, but also for "the people who do.""The people
who vote in a stand-alone, low-turnout election are disproportionately those
individuals who have a personal stake in the outcome and are organized to
further these selfish interests - special-interest groups," Spiropoulos wrote.
He argued that moving school board elections to November, "when turnout and
engagement with politics is at its peak, will help turn popular control of
schools from a patriotic fairy tale into a reality."Citizens have an obligation
to stay informed and vote, regardless of the election date, of course. But part
of the problem lies in the obscure election dates associated with many local
races. Holt notes that Oklahoma City has held school board and career tech board
elections in February this year, but city council elections are in March.Placing
all races on one ballot should help facilitate greater awareness and voter
participation. That's a move the public supports. Research conducted by
SoonerPoll found 64.8 percent of Oklahoma likely voters favor moving school
board elections to November, with nearly half strongly favoring it. Republicans,
Democrats and independents all favored the move, as did liberals, moderates and
conservatives.SB 312 wouldn't necessarily move all local elections to November,
but it would place more of them on the ballot at the same time, and limit those
elections to specific times of year. If the legislation increases voter turnout
and reduces the influence of fringe groups in government, that's a change worth
making.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              May 19, 2014 Monday
                                  Main Edition

PROBATION INDUSTRY;
Lobbyists gave Deal an earful

BYLINE: Rhonda Cook; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 853 words



HIGHLIGHT: Both sides made effort to sway governor. 104 emails sent before veto
of bill affecting private probation.


In the hours before Gov. Nathan Deal vetoed a bill last month that would have
allowed private probation companies to keep secret some details of their
operations, large email campaigns were waged by powerful voices on both sides to
sway the governor.

The 104 emails --- obtained by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution --- document the
flurry of activity that started within hours of the governor saying he was
concerned about the secrecy component of HB 837, passed on the final day of the
2014 session.

Supporters of the legislation said the bill would have helped the courts enforce
sentences, while opponents warned it amounted to a gift to help shield the
lucrative firms from more scrutiny.

"I'm writing today to ask for your help once again to stop for-profit private
probation companies from gaining unprecedented power," wrote Sara Totonchi of
the Southern Center for Human Rights, which has represented some people who said
they were threatened with jail if they did not pay supervision fees that were
between $35 and $45 a month.

Other emails, mostly from state judges and solicitors, predicted doom if the
bill was not signed.

"If defendants sentenced in misdemeanor case(s) who disappear are not subject to
tolling, these defendants will be able to completely avoid their responsibility
to the courts," Atlanta Municipal Court Judge Gary Jackson wrote. "Every court
order that is disobeyed ...(is) a 'slap in the face of justice.' If misdemeanor
sentences cannot be enforced in Georgia, then our judicial system will cease to
exist on a realistic level."

The probation bill was one of the few bills Deal vetoed, citing a lack of
transparency. He was worried about the "red flags" raised in a recent state
audit that found courts provide little oversight of private probation companies
and the firms often fail to supervise the low-level offenders they should watch.

In 2000, Georgia cleared the way for private companies to supervise low-level
offenders, claiming it freed up overburdened state probation workers while
costing taxpayers nothing.

But records reviewed by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution earlier this year show
some in the industry have pocketed large fees while, in at least some cases,
doing little to supervise those under their watch. And despite promises that
taxpayers would pay nothing to supervise the offenders, they have footed the
bill when the probationers are arrested and jailed because they owe money to the
company, not the courts.

A string of lawsuits argue the system effectively criminalizes poverty and that
some companies have illegally forced offenders to pay for things, such as
electronic monitoring and drug testing, beyond what was ordered by the courts.

But the urgency to make changes in the industry came after Judge Daniel Craig
ruled state court judges, who hear misdemeanor cases, did not have the
constitutional authority to toll a sentence, or stop the clock from running on a
sentence of a probationer whom the private companies had said stopped reporting.
Craig also ruled the private companies did not have the legal authority to
conduct electronic monitoring of the probationers they supervise.

"I believe that this bill is the most critical piece of legislation we have had
anything to do with as long as I've been a judge," James Anderson, president of
Council of Municipal Court Judges wrote in a message to colleagues that was
copied to the governor.

What may have ultimately doomed the legislation was change that was pushed by
the private probation industry. In the form that was ultimately passed by the
Legislature, information from these companies --- how many people they
supervise, how much they collect in court fines, and the number of warrants
issued for the arrests of those who abscond --- would no longer be public.

"Public stuff needs to stay public," Viveca Famber Powell wrote in an email to
Deal. "Otherwise, these [private probation companies] will be nothing more than
21st Century financial chain gangs."

Despite the claims of abuse of probationers, judges and prosecutors found
themselves aligned with the industry.

"If judges no longer have the ability to enforce misdemeanor probation, our
court system, prisons and justice system will be in absolute crisis," the bill
sponsor, Rep. Mark Hamilton, R-Cumming, and Clayton County State Court Judge
Linda Cowen, president of the Council of State Court Judges, wrote in a proposed
article that was sent to the governor.

Judges and prosecutors had hoped to fix the problem with the legislation before
the Supreme Court weighs in. The Supreme Court will hear in September an appeal
of Craig's ruling in the lawsuits against Sentinel Offender Services, one of the
32 private probation companies operating in Georgia.

C.R. Chisholm, the prosecutor in Athens-Clarke County State Court and president
of the Georgia Association of Solicitors General, said the original bill would
have fixed the flaws Craig found in the law, but after HB 837 had moved through
the House and the Senate there "was a dog pile on that bill. We understand
that's where the problems occurred and why we don't now have a law in place."

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              979 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 2, 2006 Thursday

FALSE 'IDOL'? MAY HAVE CONTRACT ALREADY

BYLINE: MICHAEL STARR

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 73

LENGTH: 305 words


HERE we go again - another day on "American Idol," another potential bump in the
road.

Just a week after the show booted twin brothers for alleged identity theft, it
seems that Jose "Sway" Penala, who was sent to Hollywood after impressing the
"Idol" judges, may have violated the show's strict eligibility rules.

Penala, 27, apparently had a record deal with his group, 6th Day, when he
auditioned for "Idol" last August in San Francisco, according to
realitytvmagazine.com.

If true, that would violate "Idol" rules that contestants cannot have any
current recording or talent management agreements.

Past recordings and/or talent management agreements are OK. In fact, past "Idol"
contestants Bo Bice and Carrie Underwood - who won the fourth edition of the
show - had recorded before appearing on the show.

Fox officials had no comment on the situation yesterday.

According to realitytvmagazine.com, "Idol" auditions in San Francisco began Aug.
18 - and, a month later, Penala was still listed as a member of 6th Day and was
"doing Mall shows in Manila."

The group's album, "Forever Starts Today," on the E-Real Records label, was
listed last September on a Web site called brownjungle.com - and was still
listed there as of late yesterday (priced at $11.99).

Penala, a Filipino-American who hails from South San Francisco, was seen on
"Idol" serenading judges Simon Cowell, Paula Abdul and Randy Jackson with a
rendition of "Superstar" by Luther Vandross.

Penala already has his own online fan club, which has started up josepenala.com
- which includes photos and a bio of the singer.

"Idol," meanwhile, continued to roll Tuesday, averaging 30 million viewers from
8 to 9 p.m. leading into President Bush's State of the Union Address.

The show airs again Tuesday with host Ryan Seacrest.

michael.starr@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jose "Sway" Penala wowed the "Idol" judges in San Francisco - but did
he break the rules?

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     March 16, 1995, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

SCHOOL BONDS;
Proposal's friends, foes out in force

BYLINE: Seth Coleman; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA, Pg. 12G

LENGTH: 539 words


Tuesday referendum: Both sides in Cobb's $ 221 million school building plan are
working to sway undecided voters.

As Cobb County residents prepare to vote next week on a proposed $ 221 million
school bond issue, those on both sides of the proposal are working to sway
opinions of the undecided.

Bond backers - led by school officials and a group called Kids Can't Wait - say
the bond issue will address overcrowding in the district, fund much-needed
renovation and maintenance projects, and bring older schools to the same level
as the county's modern ones.

The opposition - led by the Concerned Parents for Cobb County - claims the bond
proposal is not financially sound and does not go far enough to relieve
overcrowding, which they say should be the key concern. They also contend that
cost estimates for land purchases, school construction and building additions
are inflated.

A "yes" vote on Tuesday would raise the millage on the district's bond debt from
2.3 to 4.7 mills, and property taxes on a $ 100,000 home would rise $ 96 a year.
For the $ 221 million, which will total about $ 280 million after investment
interest and state funds are added, taxpayers will get eight new elementary
schools plus additions to 13 existing elementaries, four middle schools and nine
high schools.

Both sides crowded into last week's school board meeting - the final one before
the vote - for a chance to state their case.

In January, bond-issue advocates picked up the endorsement of the Cobb Chamber
of Commerce, and last week chamber chairman Larry Wheeler reinforced that
stance.

"We still expect great growth, and the overcrowding and equity issues are
addressed," said Wheeler. "The bond covers many issues, and we feel our children
need it. It may not reach everyone's needs, but we think it will be good for the
county as a whole."

"To me it's worth spending an extra $ 8 a month if someone else's child will
have clean drinking water and a decent roof over their school," said Joan Mason,
a KCW supporter and member of the Sprayberry High School PTA's legislative
committee. "I think the board did a good job of responding to the needs of all
of Cobb County."

School board member Peggy R. Atkins, Post 5 in northeast Cobb, agrees:

"It provides for much needed renovations and classroom space, and will help us
keep up with the pace at which we are growing," she said. "It also provides for
improved technology in our schools, and my constituents see the need for it."

But one of Atkins' constituents, Kathy Hoppe, doesn't quite agree. The CPCC
member said this bond issue is merely a Band-Aid. "Our main concern should be,
what does it take to get every child into a classroom - not a trailer."

Hoppe thinks too many schools will continue to be overcrowded after all of the
funds from this bond issue are spent.

As evidence of what opponents see as bad financial planning, they point to
school officials' estimate that it will cost almost twice as much to build one
of the new elementary schools as it did to build Hayes Elementary several years
ago.

But an official said that isn't a valid comparison since land didn't have to be
bought for Hayes and the new schools will be larger than Hayes.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              981 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           September 23, 2007 Sunday

Daredevil takes the lead in hair-raising new show

BYLINE: By Judy Magid The Salt Lake Tribune-

SECTION: HOME AND GARDEN; Features

LENGTH: 972 words


Circus daredevil Bello Nock's signature foot-high red hair and floppy clown
shoes bring laughs, but there's much more to the show when this daring young man
sways with the greatest of ease 90 feet above the three-ring Ringling Bros. and
Barnum & Bailey circus.

"I do scary stuff. Dangerous. Shocking," he says.

Bello, with his famous mix of comedy and daring, is the star of "Bellobration,"
a high-energy show that marks the first time a Ringling Bros. production has
been named for a performer. He will be celebrating his 39th birthday Wednesday
in Salt Lake City when the 137th edition of the "Greatest Show on Earth" opens a
five-day gig at EnergySolutions Arena.

Nock is exhilarated about "Bellobration."

"It's beyond words, a dream I've had since I was a little kid," he says in a
telephone interview. A performer from age 3, Nock is part of a family boasting
seven generations of professional daredevils, acrobats as well as musicians and
opera singers.

"I always vowed to be in this position," he says, adding, "I love my work. You
know how people say if they won the lottery they would keep their job? Well, I
'won the lottery.' I didn't get the money, but I got the show."

Nock never repeats a performance from season to season. This year, his fourth
consecutive tour with the company, he has a drop-dead thriller called "Wheel of
Steel," a 39-foot-tall apparatus he describes as "a giant hamster wheel that
splits in half, with each part spinning in opposite directions." He and his
friend Nikolas Wallenda, a high-wire walker from the famous "Flying Wallendas"
family, perform in tandem, balancing, running and skipping rope on the wheels.

No nets. No wires. No harnesses.

"It is scary. Very scary. It doubles the risk, doubles the danger and doubles
the fun," Nock says.

Acknowledging his is the best-known name in circus right now, Nock calls himself
the "Jerry Seinfeld of Circus," describing his type of comedy and skill as a
mixture of Charlie Chaplin and Jackie Chan.

"The plot line [in 'Bellobration'] is a sentimental, heartfelt story of the
everyday underdog who does these amazing things when he has to. I do all my own
stunts, and when people ask me, 'Did you really do that?' it is with a sense of
wonder if they really saw what they thought they saw," he says.

Time magazine once named Nock "America's best clown." Considering his trademarks
are a too-big tuxedo and his brushed-up red-orange "Bello" hair (which adds a
foot to his muscular 5-foot, 7-inch frame), it might be a fair description. But
"clown" is not the way Nock sees it.

"I think of myself as a comedian and a daredevil, not a take-a-pie-in-the-eye
guy," he says.

He admires Cirque du Soleil with only a small reservation, saying there are only
so many performers of that caliber and sometimes they are at Ringling Bros. and
sometimes at Cirque du Soleil.

"[Cirque du Soleil] has absolutely wonderful shows, spends millions of dollars
and has great performers. But there are not many laughs," Nock says.

His focus always has been the circus.

"It always held my attention. I am dyslexic, ADD, a triple 'A' personality. I
lasted one day in college. I need changes of scenery. The circus maintains
tradition, but also changes constantly," he says.

His family life, friends and hobbies are intertwined.

Nock and his wife, Jennifer, a former performer, are close friends of Nikolas
and Erendira Wallenda. Erendira Wallenda plays Nock's love interest in the first
half of "Bellobration," and Nikolas has been involved with the "Wheel of Steel"
since the beginning when the couples were at a restaurant for dinner.

"A waiter gave the four of us 'kids' crayons. I started drawing on the
tablecloth, with Nikolas making suggestions," Nock says.

The circus also is Nock's hobby.

"We have a house in Florida on 10 acres. I have every single circus apparatus,
no two are alike. And I have a 6,000-square-foot shop so I can find new ways to
use old equipment. We even have a freestyle snowboard jump into the lake on our
property."

The Nock children, Alexander, 15, Amariah, 11, and Annaliese, 8, use the
equipment with supervision. They may join the family business or not, but they
will get the parental advice.

"First you learn to crawl, walk and run. Then you learn to do it better and
faster. Walking a high wire, doing double somersaults on the trapeze is the
same," he says. "You learn how. Then you practice for eight hours a day to be
better than anyone else."

'Bellobration' elephant walk

The "Bellobration" Elephant Parade, Wednesday at noon, begins at the Ringling
Bros. Animal Compound on 100 South and 400 West in Salt Lake City. It will
proceed west to Rio Grande Street and turn north through The Gateway to 50
North, where it will head east to 400 West and then south to South Temple,
turning on 300 West to 100 South and back to the Animal Compound.

Before the parade, the first 300 people bringing "Happy Birthday Bello" signs to
the Ringling Tent on the EnergySolutions Plaza at the southeast corner of the
arena, 11 to 11:30 a.m., will receive free Ringling Bros. "Bello Hair" to wave
during the parade.

Bello Nock will be joined by Sage Mousely, 3, judged "Utah's Funniest Kid" in a
contest at the Utah State Fair.* RINGLING BROS. AND BARNUM & BAILEY
"BELLOBRATION" at EnergySolutions Arena, 301 W. South Temple, Salt Lake City,
runs Wednesday through Sunday, with performances Wednesday and Thursday at 7
p.m.; Friday at 3:30 and 7:30 p.m.; Saturday, 11 a.m., 3 and 7 p.m.; and Sunday,
1:30 and 5:30 p.m.

* EVERY PERFORMANCE has an Animal Open House to see the Asian elephants 90
minutes before performance time, and an All Access Pre-Show to meet the circus
stars an hour before the performance. Both are free to all ticketholders.

* TICKETS are $23, $15 and $10; all seats are reserved and available at
www.ringling.com, www.ticket master.com or 801-325-SEAT.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Comic daredevil Bello Nock balances himself on a 7-story high sway pole
in Ringling Bros.' Bellobration
Clowns and other circus performers enter the ring in the finale of Ringling
Bros.' Bellobration
Asian Elephant Display at Ringling Bros.' Bellobration.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 12, 2011 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Japan's Strict Codes and Drills Are Seen as Lifesavers

BYLINE: By JAMES GLANZ and NORIMITSU ONISHI; James Glanz reported from New York,
and Norimitsu Onishi from Jakarta, Indonesia.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Foreign Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1135 words


Hidden inside the skeletons of high-rise towers, extra steel bracing, giant
rubber pads and embedded hydraulic shock absorbers make modern Japanese
buildings among the sturdiest in the world during a major earthquake. And all
along the Japanese coast, tsunami warning signs, towering seawalls and
well-marked escape routes offer some protection from walls of water.

These precautions, along with earthquake and tsunami drills that are routine for
every Japanese citizen, show why Japan is the best-prepared country in the world
for the twin disasters of earthquake and tsunami -- practices that undoubtedly
saved lives, though the final death toll is unknown.

In Japan, where earthquakes are far more common than they are in the United
States, the building codes have long been much more stringent on specific
matters like how much a building may sway during a quake.

After the Kobe earthquake in 1995, which killed about 6,000 people and injured
26,000, Japan also put enormous resources into new research on protecting
structures, as well as retrofitting the country's older and more vulnerable
structures. Japan has spent billions of dollars developing the most advanced
technology against earthquakes and tsunamis.

Japan has gone much further than the United States in outfitting new buildings
with advanced devices called base isolation pads and energy dissipation units to
dampen the ground's shaking during an earthquake.

The isolation devices are essentially giant rubber-and-steel pads that are
installed at the very bottom of the excavation for a building, which then simply
sits on top of the pads. The dissipation units are built into a building's
structural skeleton. They are hydraulic cylinders that elongate and contract as
the building sways, sapping the motion of energy.

Of course, nothing is entirely foolproof. Structural engineers monitoring the
events from a distance cautioned that the death toll was likely to rise as more
information became available. Dr. Jack Moehle, a structural engineer at the
University of California, Berkeley, said that video of the disaster seemed to
show that some older buildings had indeed collapsed.

The country that gave the world the word tsunami, especially in the 1980s and
1990s, built concrete seawalls in many communities, some as high as 40 feet,
which amounted to its first line of defense against the water. In some coastal
towns, in the event of an earthquake, networks of sensors are set up to set off
alarms in individual residences and automatically shut down floodgates to
prevent waves from surging upriver.

Critics of the seawalls say they are eyesores and bad for the environment. The
seawalls, they say, can instill a false sense of security among coastal
residents and discourage them from participating in regular evacuation drills.
Moreover, by literally cutting residents' visibility of the ocean, the seawalls
reduce their ability to understand the sea by observing wave patterns, critics
say.

Waves from Friday's tsunami spilled over some seawalls in the affected areas.
''The tsunami roared over embankments in Sendai city, washing cars, houses and
farm equipment inland before reversing directions and carrying them out to
sea,'' according to a statement by a Japanese engineer, Kit Miyamoto, circulated
by the American Society of Civil Engineers. ''Flames shot from some of the
houses, probably because of burst gas pipes.''

But Japan's ''massive public education program'' could in the end have saved the
most lives, said Rich Eisner, a retired tsunami preparedness expert who was
attending a conference on the topic at the National Institute of Standards and
Technology in Gaithersburg, Md., on Friday.

In one town, Ofunato, which was struck by a major tsunami in 1960, dozens of
signs in Japanese and English mark escape routes, and emergency sirens are
tested three times a day, Mr. Eisner said.

Initial reports from Ofunato on Friday suggested that hundreds of homes had been
swept away; the death toll was not yet known. But Matthew Francis of URS
Corporation and a member of the civil engineering society's tsunami
subcommittee, said that education may have been the critical factor.

''For a trained population, a matter of 5 or 10 minutes is all you may need to
get to high ground,'' Mr. Francis said.

That would be in contrast to the much less experienced Southeast Asians, many of
whom died in the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami because they lingered near the coast.
Reports in the Japanese news media indicate that people originally listed as
missing in remote areas have been turning up in schools and community centers,
suggesting that tsunami education and evacuation drills were indeed effective.

Unlike Haiti, where shoddy construction vastly increased the death toll last
year, or China, where failure to follow construction codes worsened the death
toll in the devastating 2008 Sichuan earthquake, Japan enforces some of the
world's most stringent building codes. Japanese buildings tend to be much
stiffer and stouter than similar structures in earthquake-prone areas in
California as well, said Mr. Moehle, the Berkeley engineer: Japan's building
code allows for roughly half as much sway back and forth at the top of a high
rise during a major quake.

The difference, Mr. Moehle said, comes about because the United States standard
is focused on preventing collapse, while in Japan -- with many more earthquakes
-- the goal is to prevent any major damage to the buildings because of the
swaying.

New apartment and office developments in Japan flaunt their seismic resistance
as a marketing technique, a fact that has accelerated the use of the latest
technologies, said Ronald O. Hamburger, a structural engineer in the civil
engineering society and Simpson Gumpertz & Heger, a San Francisco engineering
firm.

''You can increase the rents by providing a sort of warranty -- 'If you locate
here you'll be safe,' '' Mr. Hamburger said.

Although many older buildings in Japan have been retrofitted with new bracing
since the Kobe quake, there are many rural residences of older construction that
are made of very light wood that would be highly vulnerable to damage. The fate
of many of those residences is still unknown.

Mr. Miyamoto, the Japanese engineer, described a nation in chaos as the quake
also damaged or disabled many elements of the transportation system. He said
that he and his family were on a train near the Ikebukuro station when the
earthquake struck. Writing at 1:30 a.m., he said that ''we are still not far
from where the train stopped.''

''Japan Railway actually closed down the stations and sent out all commuters
into the cold night,'' he said. ''They announced that they are concerned about
structural safety. Continuous aftershocks make me feel like car sickness as my
family and I walk on the train tracks.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: A bus stop was crushed by part of a wall that had fallen from a
nearby building in the city of Sendai, where a tsunami roared over embankments.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY KYODO NEWS, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS)
 An oil refinery burned in the city of Chiba after Friday's earthquake. In
Japan, where quakes are more common than in the United States, building codes
have long been much more stringent. (PHOTOGRAPH BY EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO AGENCY)
(A10) GRAPHICS: Flexible Towers: ''Base isolation pads'' are installed between
the foundation and structural steel framework of many Japanese high-rises.
(Source: Multidisciplinary Center for Earthquake Engineering Research,
SUNY-Buffalo) (A10)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              983 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 07, 1995, Monday, Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

A Marriage of Connections; Once Pols Apart, Jody Powell and Sheila Tate Have
Built a Bipartisan PR Powerhouse

Anthony Faiola , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 2070 words


The unlikely partners sit next to each other in a boardroom only four blocks
from their old stomping grounds in the White House. In another time, say, four
years ago, they'd have been on opposite sides of this table, fighting the
tireless Washington battle between the Democrats and the Republicans.

Today, however, Jody Powell and Sheila Tate are sharing a sandwich, a bag of
chips, a Diet Coke and a success story. They're telling the tale of how Powell,
former press secretary to Jimmy Carter, entered into an unconventional business
marriage with Tate -- former press secretary to both Nancy Reagan and George
Bush.

Of how, in just about four years, this odd couple used their access to
high-powered politicos and their experience in handling the White House press
corps to build their bipartisan firm -- Powell Tate -- into the largest public
relations/public affairs company based in Washington.

"If you really think about it, it's the most logical partnership," said Tate,
53, a native Washingtonian, wearing the classic conservative uniform of a former
Nancy Reagan spokeswoman. In the 1980s, Tate was referred to as having the
toughest job in town: making Nancy Reagan seem human.

"Clients hire you because they can trust you and because you are a tested
strategist," she continued. "Jody and I were both tested in the White House. . .
. There really is no other comparable experience."

The down-home Georgia boy Powell, on the other hand, was as much sidekick and
friend as he was an official in the Carter White House. "Jody was much more than
a spokesman for me," Carter said in an interview from Plains, Ga., last week.
"He was one of my closest advisers."

"He was also one of my closest friends," Carter continued. "I remember on the
campaign, we would occasionally rent a small room with two double beds, and I
would always try to fall asleep first because he snores. He's also the kind of
guy who doesn't mind having one or two drinks in the hotel bar. What I'm saying
is that we got along pretty well."

Having handled difficult issues at the White House, Powell and Tate, along with
a staff of 96, have become the spin doctors behind some of the most
controversial issues to hit the nation's capital over the past four years: the
debate over national heath-care reform, the cellular phone cancer scare, even
the squabble over the proposed Disney's America theme park in Virginia.

In addition to controversy, Powell Tate has been no stranger to campaigns that
are downright unpopular -- such as the public relations efforts of R.J. Reynolds
Tobacco Co. -- leading at least one critic, who asked not to be identified, to
say they have "sold out."

And their willingness to represent such causes hasn't always endeared them to
their pals from the past. When the company took up the gauntlet for the
pharmaceutical industry's 1994 fight against the Clinton health-care reforms,
for instance, Powell's Democratic connections bristled.

"Many of them didn't understand why I was doing it," said Powell, 51, in his
slow, Southern drawl. "I had to explain to them. 'Look. This is business.' "

In large part, industry watchers say, success for Powell Tate came through the
two "C's" that remain so important in Washington PR: competence and connections.
In fact, 80 percent of Powell Tate's contracts are noncompetitive, meaning that
someone familiar with the company's well-known partners simply picked up the
phone and hired the firm without seeking alternative bids -- something
relatively unusual in public relations.

Said one local competitor who asked not to be named: "In the public relations
world in Washington, having access to friends high up counts mostly in getting
clients, not in servicing them.

"If you have an important issue, you don't have to be Jody Powell or Sheila Tate
to get someone's ear," the source said. "But you may have to be Powell or Tate
to get their business."

In Washington, public relations companies such as Powell Tate don't actually
"lobby" -- they don't just show up in a congressional office to sway opinions.
Theirs is a subtler approach: to sway federal policy through public opinion.

And how does one sway public opinion?

Through the media.

Jerry Ray, Powell Tate senior vice president, explains his approach in handling
a crisis for one client, Avions de Transport Regional, the European
manufacturers of the ATR-72 aircraft. After the crash of an ATR-72 on Oct. 31 in
an Indiana bean field that killed all 68 people aboard, the Federal Aviation
Administration grounded the aircraft during icy weather. Powell Tate quickly set
out to dig its client out of that hole.

"We worded our statements to the press in a way that would have the most
dramatic impact on the federal regulators," said Ray, former press secretary to
Sen. Howell Heflin (D-Ala.).

With Ray's assistance, Avions organized a test of the ATR plane under icy
conditions at Edwards Air Force Base to prove the aircraft's safety. The
results, along with vivid photos showing the aircraft had passed those tests,
quickly appeared on the major network newscasts, in The Washington Post, the
Dallas Morning News and other publications.

On Jan. 11, the FAA lifted most restrictions on the ATR aircraft after it was
refitted with an improved device to remove ice from the wings.

"There's no way to gauge the impact our work had on that decision," Ray said.
"But obviously, that was our aim. We look for the message that most impacts
people in government. We've worked there before, so we know the kinds of things
they look for, and the things they listen to."

Unlike in cities such as New York, where the PR business traditionally pitches a
tangible product or service, locally the PR game is typically about mounting
public support for an often-intangible issue.

"In the 1980s, corporate public relations was about selling mergers and
acquisitions to Wall Street," Tate said. "But in the 1990s, it's about policy,
it's about selling those same deals to the Hill, and making sure antitrust,
defense concerns or anything else doesn't harm that deal."

Take, for instance, the merger of Lockheed Corp. and Martin Marietta Corp.,
handled locally by Powell Tate. They were hired, said Charles Manor, vice
president for Lockheed Martin Corp., to navigate public opinion on the merger.

"We were convinced that we had a positive story to tell from the outset, but we
wanted Powell Tate to keep it that way, to keep that story on track," Manor
said. "Obviously, they know the Washington territory well. They know who to
call."

Indeed, the business of knowing whom to call has served the firm well. In 1994,
Powell Tate, a subsidiary of local lobbying giant Cassidy & Associates, was No.
4 in Washington among the top-grossing public relations firms, behind New
York-based powerhouses Burson-Marsteller and Hill and Knowlton, and St.
Louis-based Fleishman-Hillard, according to O'Dwyer's Washington Report, a trade
publication for the public relations industry. Powell Tate posted $ 11.7 million
in fee income, a 21.9 percent boost from 1993, making it the fastest-growing
firm among Washington's top 10, and the largest with corporate headquarters in
the D.C. area.

Growth, of course, doesn't always come easily. One former Powell Tate client,
British Airways, broke with the firm two years ago because it felt it was
getting lost in Powell Tate's rapid expansion.

"At first, they worked very closely with us, but they were getting very big and
by the end of the year, we weren't getting the kind of personalized service that
we'd started with," said Sandy Gardiner, British Airways senior vice president
of public relations for the Americas.

"After the yearlong contract had gone by, they told us quite frankly that they
needed to raise their fees in order to keep our account," he continued. "We
wouldn't do it -- we couldn't do it, since we were on a tight budget for the
account. So we mutually decided to part ways."

On a hot Washington afternoon, Powell and Tate stand in their District office at
700 13th St. NW, side by side, obviously uncomfortable during a newspaper photo
shoot. "We're not used to being the subjects of the story," Tate explains. "I'm
the type of public relations person who believes that my opinion doesn't matter.
I'm simply there to represent the views of my clients. This is very strange."

The pair move closer to the camera, before being asked to move back again.
"[Michael] Dukakis always walked closer to the camera to look taller," Tate
jokes about the former Democratic presidential nominee. Powell glances toward
her, seemingly ready to gibe back. In front of a reporter, however, he holds his
tongue.

Earlier, Sheila Tate had explained how the two joined forces.

Though Tate grew up in Washington, Powell's experience with the inner circle
came first. As the Carter administration moved from Atlanta to Washington in
1976, Powell found himself coming full circle from small-town Georgia operative
to Southern gentleman representing a U.S. president.

The first time Tate saw Powell was the day of Ronald Reagan's inauguration in
1981. Tate, newly hired spokeswoman for Nancy Reagan, was driving down
Pennsylvania Avenue when she spotted Powell and his wife, looking downcast at
the sidewalk. "I knew one thing for sure right then and there," Tate said. "I
realized that I only had a limited time in that job. This is Washington, and
things change."

As Tate was unpacking her proverbial bags at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, Powell
was discovering the entrance to the revolving door between politics and the
private sector. After working as a journalist -- a syndicated columnist with the
Los Angeles Times and later a news analyst for ABC News -- he learned how valued
his experience and connections were considered in the public relations world.

In 1987, he was offered the post as chairman and chief executive at Ogilvy Adams
& Rinehart in Washington, a large New York-based public relations house, which
changed its name in Washington to Powell Adams & Rinehart.

His frustration, however, mounted each year. Ogilvy was owned by communications
titan WPP Plc of London, and he couldn't escape the feeling that he was a merely
"salaried staff person with an earnings ceiling," he said.

Meanwhile, Tate, who had served as campaign spokeswoman for the Bush
administration, had been hired by Washington businessman and lobbyist Gerald
S.J. Cassidy in 1989 to create a public relations arm of his well-known,
high-powered firm. Cassidy said he saw that public policy campaigns needed both
government relations and public relations experience. "We started talking to
Sheila during the '88 [Bush] campaign about ways to create a public relations
arm for us," Cassidy said.

Then, Russ Fant, a Washington lawyer for Cassidy who also happened to be
Powell's next-door neighbor, whispered an idea into Cassidy's ear. Powell and
Tate might make a powerful duo, Fant told Cassidy.

"It's a home-run idea," Cassidy said.

Powell was lured by Cassidy with an offer that included equity ownership in the
newly created subsidiary, to be called Powell Tate. Equity positions would later
be created for 17 of the highest-ranking Powell Tate executives in an effort to
lure and retain quality talent.

When Powell broke with his old firm in 1991, he caused quite a stir in the
industry by bringing 20 of his former employees from Ogilvy with him.

John Margaritis, chief executive for Ogilvy in New York, views the split this
way: "When you lose somebody of Jody's status, it has an impact on your company,
no question," he said. "But we ended up keeping 90 percent of our business and
80 percent of our staff. It could have been much worse."

In February, Jonathan Rinehart, former chairman of Ogilvy and Powell's mentor
and former boss, came out of retirement to launch Powell Tate's first New York
office, which now has a staff of five. The launch is an example of the company's
strategy for the future, which includes aggressive pushes for more corporate
business with companies based outside the Beltway.

"I always wondered what Jody would do after he and I were both involuntarily
retired from the White House," Carter said last week.

"I didn't know Sheila Tate, since President Reagan and I weren't exactly on
intimate terms. But I think [Powell and Tate] make a good partnership."


LOAD-DATE: August 07, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 14, 1995, Final Edition

CORRECTION: The name of Linda Harrington Baker was misspelled last week in a
caption accompanying an article on the public relations firm Powell Tate.

GRAPHIC: Chart; Photo, white house; Photo, margaret thomas, POWELL TATE:
WASHINGTON SPIN DOCTORS Sheila Tate Age 53 Former jobs - Campaign and transition
press secretary for President-elect Bush.  - Press secretary to First Lady Nancy
Reagan.  - Deputy to the chairman of Hill and Knowlton, one of the nation's
largest public relations firm.  Education: Bachelor's degree in journalism from
Duquesne University.  Residence: McLean The Firm Founded: June 1991 Business:
Public relations, public affairs Chairman: Jody Powell (CEO) President: Sheila
Tate Headquarters: District Offices: District and New York City Parent Company:
Cassidy & Associates, District-based lobbying firm Employees: 96 Fee Income:
11.7 million Major accounts - Represented Disney's America.  - Represented the
pharmaceutical industry in the health care debate.  - Represented Martin
Marietta and Lockheed in their merger.  - Represented the European makers of the
ATR-72 jet, widely used by U.S. commuter airlines, after one crashed in Indiana
last year.  - Represented tobacco company RJ Reynolds.  Jody Powell Age 51
Former jobs - Press secretary to President Jimmy Carter.  - News analyst for ABC
News.  - Syndicated columnist with the Los Angeles Times. Education: Bachelor's
in political science from Georgia State University; combined MA, PhD in
political science at Emory University in Atlanta.  Residence: District Jody
Powell, press secretary for Jimmy Carter, and Sheila Tate, press secretary for
Nancy Reagan, then George Bush, are now in what Tate calls "the most logical
partnership." Jody Powell, one of Jimmy Carter's closest friends in the White
House, has taken on a range of causes and clients -- such as the pharmaceutical
industry and the R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. -- at his four-year-old firm, Powell
Tate.  Sheila Tate, left, sits in on a meeting with representatives of the
Children's Inn at the National Institutes of Health.

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              984 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                           November 22, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Landmark options go to council

BYLINE: Jason Antonio, The StarPhoenix

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 633  words


Saskatoon's next landmark will be a set of transparent poles that sway in the
breeze, an overturned canoe, a bulbous-looking cloud concept, a simple round
obelisk, a dream catcher-like design or a large steel ring.

These finalists in the city's design competition, along with their respective
architects, were unveiled Monday at City Hall. During the fi rst selection
stage, 25 architects were looked at based on their past project experiences,
ability to handle a project of this size and a brief narrative on how they will
develop their final design. Six architects were then short-listed based on those
criteria. The winning architect will get $350,000 to build his or her landmark
design at the future corner of Second Avenue South and Spadina Crescent in River
Landing, starting in 2006. The landmark project has been themed "Century Plaza"
to recognize the city's 2006 centennial year.

Chris Dekker, city manager of, the Century Plaza landmark will be important to
how River Landing Phase One looks and feels.

"The idea is to make the area look unique, make it innovative," Dekker said,
"and draw people, both residents and tourists alike, (to it) 365 days a year and
(during all) four seasons.

"It's one element of the entire River Landing development, but it's an important
one because it will be that (main) draw."

Dekker added it will be up to a selection jury, with public input, to pick two
or three of the shortlisted architect's designs and recommend them to city
council, in a short narrative on each piece. City council will then have the
final say. The earliest possible date to get the report in to city council would
be Dec. 12.

"That would leave us a couple weeks following (the) public input process,"
Dekker said, "to go through all the things we need to discuss, vet and evaluate
the criteria, then write the report."

The public will be able to view the designs until this Friday in council
chambers at City Hall. They will also be able to leave their comments about each
design.

The first few visitors to see the designs were impressed by what they saw.

"They've come up with some good designs," said Sandy Jenkins, who preferred the
Light Catcher, Wind Dreams design, with 16 24-metre tall poles holding a
spider-web-like design in the middle to reflect light.

"I think it's very exciting to be getting a landmark because the city is
interested in succeeding. Other cities have their landmarks and we have the
river. It's just not the same," Jenkins said.

"(The landmark) has to be big and it has to catch people's imaginations."

The Prairie Wind design caught one woman's attention.

"I think it's simple, going to stand out," said Cindy Dunn. "It's
straightforward, reaches for the skies, attracts people to walk through (the
swaying poles). It's easy on my mind, so I don't have to think about it (too
hard). And I can picture a skating rink around there (as well)."

One of the local artists said he felt honoured to have had his design chosen.

"I'm confident I came up with a concept Saskatonians will embrace," said Douglas
Bentham, who designed One, a large steel ring with adjectives about what
Saskatoon is. "In my mind, the project called for more than a sculpture, it
called for an iconic object. It had to have universal appeal to people in
Saskatoon, identify the city (and) create a symbol for the future."

The other designs include Rivercraft, an overturned canoe resting on River
Landing after a long journey; Cloud Dance, a bulbous structure of stainless
steel ribbons representing fleeting clouds in their dance across the sky; and It
Happened Here: The City is the Source of its Stories, a 50-foot tall, fivefoot
diameter obelisk/cylinder with 100 tree-like rings with a story, anecdote or
memory on each from the last 100 years of Saskatoon's existence.

jantonio@sp.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: THE SIX FINALISTS FOR THE CENTURY PLAZA LANDMARK: 1. Prairie Wind
-- Lee-Koopman Projects/Friggstad Downing Henry Architects, London, U.K./
Saskatoon. Twenty-five clear poles that sway in the breeze,;
Colour Photo: THE SIX FINALISTS FOR THE CENTURY PLAZA LANDMARK: 2. Light
Catcher, Wind Dreams -- Catherine Widgery, Montreal, Que. Sixteen 24-metre tall
poles holding a spider-web-like design in the middle to reflect the light,;
Colour
Photo: THE SIX FINALISTS FOR THE CENTURY PLAZA LANDMARK: 3. Cloud Dance -- Mimi
Gellman/Dimitri Papatheodorou, Toronto, Ont. Stainless steel ribbons meshed
together to show fleeting clouds in their dance across the sky,;
Colour Photo: THE SIX FINALISTS FOR THE CENTURY PLAZA LANDMARK: 4. It Happened
Here:The City is the Source of its Stories -- Micah Lexier, New York, N.Y. A
15-metre tall, 1.5-metre diameter pole, with stories/anecdotes/memories for each
year of Saskatoon's existence,;
Colour Photo: THE SIX FINALISTS FOR THE CENTURY PLAZA LANDMARK: 5. Rivercraft --
Jill Anholt, Vancouver, B.C. An overturned canoe resting on River Landing after
a long journey,;
Colour Photo: THE SIX FINALISTS FOR THE CENTURY PLAZA LANDMARK: 6. One --
Douglas Bentham, Saskatoon. A nine-metre in diameter stainless steel ring
standing upright, with adjectives describing Saskatoon

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    JANUARY 20, 2000 Thursday CNORTH EDITION

WINGS FIELD PRESENTATION DOESN'T SWAY FOES OF PLAN THE AIRPORT OWNERS BROUGHT A
PANEL OF EXPERTS TO TALK ABOUT A PROPOSED EXPANSION. RESIDENTS WEREN'T MOVED.

BYLINE: Melia Bowie, INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 511 words

DATELINE: BLUE BELL


Wings Field owners tried a different tack this week to win local support for a
controversial runway expansion and renovation project.

But a face-to-face meeting with residents, a formal presentation, and a panel of
experts did little to sway concerned neighbors to their side during a meeting
Tuesday night.

The owners seek up to $4 million in state and federal funding to pay for the
runway improvements. A state law enacted in June 1998 requires them to get
township approval to become eligible for the money.

But after three hours of heated discussion Tuesday, Whitpain supervisors, a
standing-room-only crowd of residents, and airport supporters could agree on
only one thing: they were getting tired of this.

Ultimately, supervisors tabled the issue at 11 p.m.

"I don't know when we first addressed this thing," Supervisor Chairman Leigh
Narducci said, referring to Wings Field's efforts to secure public funding. "I
guess it was 10 or 15 years ago. The sentiments were the same. . . . Now comes
Wings again, wanting to build."

Speakers conceded that the airport had the building permits and the authority to
extend its runway from 2,600 feet to 3,700 feet. "Our decision is whether we
should impede [it] in whatever way possible by denying funding," Narducci said.

Representatives from a New York airport engineering firm hired by Wings Field
presented testimony about the benefits for the community of a proposed taxiway,
extended runway, new helicopter parking site and a buffer of evergreen trees.

Robert Driscoll, president of the owners' Wings Field Preservation Associates
LP, said: "The runway is deteriorating. This airport meets all of the [Federal
Aviation Administration] criteria . . . but clearly it can be made a safer place
to land" with the proposed improvements.

Driscoll, who is also a pilot, added: "Wings Field is the shortest runway I've
had to land on in the area."

A representative from the Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission Office of
Aviation told the crowd that annual flights from the airport would not exceed
55,000 by 2020, compared with 35,000 recorded in a 1997 study.

Though residents also acknowledged that the runway extension would allow pilots
to make safer landings, people from Whitpain, Plymouth and Lower Gwynedd also
expressed familiar fears that it also would bring more air traffic, bigger
planes and added noise pollution.

"There's only one reason Wings has to be lengthened, and that's to bring jets
in," said Fred Weinberg of Blue Bell.

Some neighbors of the 71-year-old airport said they opposed the runway extension
because it posed a safety hazard. Others spoke of their frustrations with
low-flying planes and dishes that rattle when planes take off.

But another group of longtime Wings Field neighbors defended the privately owned
airport, which is used by corporate customers as well as the public.

"I've lived here for 40 years," said Kathleen Parry, whose house sits across the
street from the airport. "I have found Wings Field to be a good neighbor."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                          September 10, 2011 Saturday

Earthquake hits off coast of B.C.; Science No tsunami warning issued but damage
possible in many regions, expert says

BYLINE: Bradley Bouzane, Kelly Sinoski and Gordon Hoekstra Postmedia News

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 692  words


Many regions of British Columbia were shaken Friday afternoon by a magnitude 6.4
earthquake that struck off the coast of Vancouver Island.

While no tsunami warning was triggered by the quake, a geophysicist with the
U.S. Geological Survey said damage is possible in many B.C. regions.

"It's been felt pretty widely - we have reports of it being felt in Vancouver,
Victoria and even in Seattle," said Paul Caruso. "In the north, it's been felt
as far as Port Hardy.

"We don't have any reports of damage yet, but we would probably expect to see
some damage - especially for anybody living on the central west coast of
Vancouver Island."

Caruso said the earthquake, which occurred just after 12:40 p.m. local time, was
centred about 280 kilometres west of Vancouver and about 25 kilometres beneath
the seabed.

He said people in Campbell River, on Vancouver Island, likely would have felt
the quake also because it was centred about 135 kilometres west of that city.

No tsunami warning was issued, Caruso said, because "the magnitude of the quake
isn't big enough to generate a tsunami by itself."

Regardless, he said some residents will be directly effected by the earthquake.

"People might experience - if they're near the epicentre on the west coast of
the island - they might have some damage, with things falling off shelves and
cracked foundations," Caruso said. "As far as the mainland, we would probably
expect to see very minor damage. People would probably see their chandeliers
swinging back and forth and feeling a little bit of shaking."

There were no immediate signs of damage in downtown Vancouver, although lights
swayed for a half-minute when the quake struck.

The earthquake shook buildings in the tiny Vancouver Island community of
Zeballos, but there appeared to be no damage and there were no injuries.

The power went down but came back quickly, said Arlene Coburn, a 38-year
resident of the remote west coast community.

Coburn was at the school when the earthquake hit. She said it felt like the
whole building was going to topple over, but nothing fell off the walls.

"One big one, and a little tremor, and that was it," she said. "It gave (the
school) a good sway."

The 60 or so children who attend the Zeballos Elementary Secondary School were
ushered out and across a bridge, a measure used when there's a threat of a
tsunami, said Coburn, a part-time janitor at the school.

Arlene's husband, Geoff, said there were no injuries and no damage as far as he
knew in the community of about 200 people. "There was no cause for panic," said
Geoff.

Brent Ward, a professor in Simon Fraser University's department of earth
sciences, said people were more likely to feel the quake if they were in tall
buildings because of the sway.

He said it was one of the biggest quakes experienced on the west coast, with the
last one in Washington State.

"Six point seven (the quake's originally estimated magnitude) is nothing to
sneeze at," he said. "You think of the earthquake in Haiti and it was about the
same but it was shallow."

He said the quake likely originated in stress built up due to the oceanic Juan
de Fuca plate subducting under the North American plate.

The quake created a slight rattling as far away as Seattle, Washington, but
police in the U.S. city said there were no reports of damage. The list of cities
where the quake was felt includes San Francisco and Edmonton.

In an interview with the Cowichan Valley Citizen in February, Alison Bird, a
seismologist for Natural Resources Canada, said earthquakes happen very
frequently in the region, noting that in 2010 alone more than 3,000 minor
earthquakes were recorded in Western Canada.

"We have smallish earthquakes very regularly," she said. "It's a fairly routine
event."

And according to the Victoria Times Colonist, the largest quake to hit the
region in recent memory was the 6.8-magnitude Nisqually earthquake southwest of
Seattle, Washington in February 2001.

Only the ninth earthquake in this area in 125 years measuring over magnitude 6,
it cracked the dome of the Capitol building in Olympia, Washington, damaged the
control tower at Sea-Tac airport and shook bricks off chimneys in Victoria.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2011 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              May 16, 2005 Monday

Capitol renovation reaches a turning point

BYLINE: By Matt Canham The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: 4TH STORY; Local

LENGTH: 481 words


Think of a series of jacks supporting a car that weighs 138 million pounds.
That's the state Capitol right now, and it doesn't need a simple tire change -
it needs 265 earthquake-resistant stabilizers.

Crews are expected to install the first stabilizer today, marking a milestone in
the $200 million renovation project and the start of a yearlong seismic retrofit
that will ultimately allow the symbol of state government to withstand a
7.3-magnitude quake.

But until all of the stabilizers are in place, the Capitol reconstruction is
entering its most dangerous phase. The 90-year-old structure would suffer
serious damage if an earthquake shook Utah while the building is being supported
only by temporary props.

Engineer Jerod Johnson calls it the "window of vulnerability."

Johnson's crew has designed a plan to strategically install the stabilizers -
which they call base isolators - to provide the most support.

They are called isolators because they actually isolate the building from the
earth. They will sit on a new slab of concrete that will cover the entire
footprint of the building. On top of the isolators is a series of concrete beams
that are connected to the columns holding up the Capitol.

The isolators resemble a large layer cake, but instead of frosting and pastry,
it is made with rubber and steel. They are 4 feet wide and 20 inches deep. And
once in place, the building could sway as much as 2 feet in any direction.

To allow for such movement, construction crews will create a 3-foot underground
moat around the building that will be covered with steel, earth and grass.

Johnson equates the entire stabilizing system to a common motor mount, which
absorbs the vibrations of an engine without shaking the entire car.

Few buildings have such seismic protection. The first historic building in the
nation to sit on the rubber and steel drums is the City-County Building in
downtown Salt Lake City, which rests on 447 isolators installed in the late
1980s.

The considerable weight of buildings like the City-County Building and the
Capitol is part of the reason the isolators work. The weight stops most up and
down movement but allows for side-to-side sway.

Johnson says if a building of similar size to the Capitol were built today, it
would weigh less than half its 138 million pounds. Once the inside is completely
refurbished in late 2007, the building will weigh close to 165 million pounds.

The Capitol architect, David Hart, looks at Friday's installation of the first
isolator in a philosophical way.

He says it is "the first opportunity to put something back, rather than all of
this effort to take things away."

Since September, construction workers have gutted the building. But the seismic
retrofit starts the effort to restore it.

So far, Hart reports that the project is a little ahead of schedule and on
budget. "By and large, things look great."

mcanham@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Few buildings have such seismic protection as is being installed at the
Utah Capitol. The first historic building in the nation to sit on the rubber and
steel drums is the City-County Building in Salt Lake City, renovated in the late
1980s. The weight of such buildings is part of the reason the isolators work.
Workers in February prepare the Capitol's foundation supports for
reinforcements. The first of the stabilizers will be installed today to begin a
yearlong seismic retrofit of the 90-year-old building.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             July 26, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Jamie Mauracher: Colour queen

BYLINE: Ashley Martin, The StarPhoenix

SECTION: BRIDGES; Pg. N12

LENGTH: 206 words


CBC weather girl gets dressy for work

Jamie Mauracher hasn't always been the stylish woman she is today.

Until Grade 8, the 26-year-old CBC-TV weather reporter was comfortable in floral
bicycle shorts and baggy Mickey Mouse T-shirts.

"My mom pulled my best friend at the time to the side and she said, 'Please,
please take Jamie to The Gap and buy her some nice clothing,' " Mauracher said
laughing. Those new clothes helped her realize that "people perceive you
differently when you dress a certain way."

Coming from Toronto, the "fashion hub of Canada," Mauracher has only found a
couple of stores she loves in Regina: Nico and Stella & Sway, which both offer
colourful pieces that she loves, and which look best on TV. "One thing I was
told when I started was anything a parrot would have on them colour-wise, it's
what you want to wear." She still shops at The Gap for staple pieces.

1. NECKLACE: Forever 21.

2. BELT: Urban Planet.

3. RINGS: One from Hawaii - "I've had it since I was 16 because my dad lived in
Hawaii so we used to always go visit." The other is from Charm Diamond Centre.

4. DRESS: C'est Moi from Stella & Sway.

5. SHOES: Seychelles from Nico. "These shoes are the most comfortable shoes I've
ever owned. They're incredible."

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Troy Fleece; Jamie Mauracher. QC;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             August 29, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

U.S. Politics: Bush hopes to sway voters

BYLINE: Herald News Services

SECTION: OBSERVER; Looking Ahead; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 46  words


The U.S. Republican party's national convention -- one of the last major
campaign events before the November presidential election -- begins Monday in
New York City.

U.S. President George W. Bush hopes to use the high-profile event to sway a
divided American electorate his way.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: George W. Bush

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News; Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              990 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to OTIS ELEVATOR COMPANY (Connecticut) on January
17, 2017 titled as "Rope sway mitigation through control of access to elevators"

LENGTH: 162 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,546,073 on January 17, 2017, to OTIS ELEVATOR COMPANY (Connecticut) titled as
"Rope sway mitigation through control of access to elevators"

Inventors: Roberts; Randall Keith (Hebron, CT), Copeland; George Scott
(Wethersfield, CT)


Assignee: OTIS ELEVATOR COMPANY (Farmington, CT) (Connecticut)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Embodiments are directed to detecting motion of a building housing a multi-deck
elevator system, determining, by a processing device, that the detected motion
of the building is greater than a threshold, and controlling access to at least
one deck of the elevator system based on determining that the detected motion of
the building is greater than the threshold such that the at least one deck still
is enabled to traverse a hoist-way of the elevator system."

The patent was filed on September 24, 2013 Application No. 15/024,386


LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            November 3, 2006 Friday

No action against O'Keefe, Papalia;
Residents who accused pair of campaign finance violations failed to sway a judge
or council members

BYLINE: Justin Hill, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 666 words


Albany City Council candidates Caryl O'Keefe and Francesco Papalia said they
felt vindicated this week after residents who accused them of campaign finance
violations failed to sway a judge or council members to take action.

But the attorney for two residents who sued O'Keefe and the political group
Concerned Albany Neighbors (CAN) said his clients will purse the lawsuit despite
failing to convince an Alameda County judge to issue a temporary restraining
order this week.

Also Monday, the City Council declined to instruct the city attorney to
investigate a separate set of allegations.

Sally Outis, chairwoman of Concerned Albany Neighbors, said she, too, feels
vindicated, but she added it also was important for people to understand that
what the plaintiffs "did was just plain wrong."

Lowell Finley, the attorney for two Albany residents suing CAN, Outis, CAN's
treasurer, CAN's assistant treasurer, O'Keefe, her campaign committee and its
treasurer, said Wednesday they will not be asking for a preliminary injunction
hearing before the election. But the portion of the case that asks for civil
penalties to be imposed "remains completely live," he said.

Superior Court Judge Frank Roesch concluded Monday that evidence he had seen so
far wasn't sufficient for a temporary restraining order, and the plaintiffs will
be providing more evidence, Finley said.

Roesch wrote in his denial of the temporary restraining order that no facts were
presented to show CAN "participated in making any decision regarding the
content, timing, creation, mode, intended audience, volume of distribution, or
frequency of placement of distribution, in concert with" O'Keefe, her campaign
committee and its treasurer.

He also wrote there were no facts to support the assertion by the plaintiffs
that Alan Riffer, the committee's assistant treasurer and O'Keefe's husband,
controls CAN or that he directed its activities, or that O'Keefe, her campaign
committee or its treasurer "participated in making any decision" relating to
CAN's political activities.

"It means I'll be able to get back to doing my campaigning," O'Keefe said. She
said she had not been devoting as much time and energy on the campaign as she
otherwise would have because she's been preparing for the lawsuit.

On Monday, the council met in executive session in response to a letter sent to
City Attorney Robert Zweben, asking the city to stop CAN, O'Keefe and Papalia
from continuing to violate the Albany Campaign Finance Reform Act and to take
other actions to make sure they are in compliance.

The letter, signed by resident Peter Maass, says Papalia and CAN violated the
part of the city's campaign finance law that makes it unlawful for a candidate
or committee supporting or opposing a candidate to solicit or accept from other
individuals a contribution that causes the total to exceed $100 for a single
election.

The letter also says that the group is a controlled committee for O'Keefe and
Papalia.

The candidates' campaigns failed to report expenditures made by their controlled
committees because CAN's expenditures must be reported on the campaign
committees' financial statements, the letter says.

CAN has since filed an amended campaign statement, adding an independent
expenditure made in support of O'Keefe and Papalia. Outis said the group thought
it had complied with the regulations, but it later discovered it had
misinterpreted them.

After meeting about an hour in executive session, Mayor Allan Maris delivered
news of the council's action, saying it generally is not inclined to involve the
city in political campaign disputes.

Zweben said in a phone interview that he had not determined whether the
complaint is valid and couldn't say whether violations occurred short of doing
an investigation and finding more facts.

Maass said he was hoping Zweben would make some sort of ruling on the complaint
right away.

"It's disappointing that they didn't investigate more," he said.

Reach Justin Hill at 510-243-3578 or jhill@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              992 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                    July 30, 2003 Wednesday National Edition

U.S. city buying its medicine in Windsor: Expects up to 80% savings: Springfield
Mayor hopes to sway debate on Capitol Hill (Toronto edition headline.);
 U.S. city buys its medicine from Canada (All but Toronto edition headline.)

SOURCE: National Post

BYLINE: Joseph Brean

SECTION: News; The Future of Health Care (All but Toronto edition.); Pg. A1

LENGTH: 977 words

A Canadian online pharmacy is filling prescriptions for the entire municipal
staff of Springfield, Mass., in a plan whose outcome could sway a major vote in
the U.S. Senate on the future of cross-border sales of medication.

Windsor-based CanaRX, which contracts doctors to approve prescriptions over the
Internet, has worked since February to complete the unprecedented deal, under
which the city's 9,000 current and retired staff have the option of ordering
their drugs from the company and having a fee waived.

"It is, in my estimation, the largest [online pharmacy sales] program that's
ever been considered in the United States," said G. Anthony Howard, CanaRX's
president and one of dozens of entrepreneurs who have used the Internet to
capitalize on lower Canadian drug prices, which are controlled by government.

Although provincial medical licensing boards forbid it, the practice of buying
drugs by faxing prescriptions to Canadian doctors for summary approval has
caught on in the United States, especially among uninsured seniors, and now
accounts for US$1-billion of the country's US $192-billion annual drug market.

Michael Albano, Springfield's Mayor, said yesterday he intended to keep the
city's plan secret until it could be evaluated, but made it public in order to
tilt the vote on an imminent Senate debate on Medicare reform.

Mr. Albano said if senators see the nearly $9-million in savings he expects each
year from the plan, they might be persuaded to approve a controversial bill,
already passed by the House of Representatives, that would allow U.S.
pharmacists to buy drugs from Canadian and European pharmacies. This is banned
by the Food and Drug Administration, and the reform bill faces strong Senate
opposition, the disapproval of the Health and Human Services Secretary, and a
potential presidential veto.

"The timing of our announcement was not coincidental. I wanted to get it out
because I knew it was going to draw some national attention here, and when the
story gets out I'm hopeful that any senators that are not leaning in our
direction will," Mr. Albano said.

He has already invoked the plan for his diabetic son, and said the savings for
some other Springfield employees could be as high as 80% on their current bills,
factoring in the cost difference and the waived co-payment fee of about $10.
Both generic and brand-name drugs are covered. "It boggles the mind that we
can't have trade agreements that allow for this medication to be sent to
America," he said.

The American Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers Association maintains
that high U.S. drug prices are essential to fund research, and calls the
proposed bill "dangerous legislation that jeopardizes the safety of our nation's
medicine supply and imports foreign governments' price controls."

U.S. President George W. Bush is expected to veto the bill if it passes.

The FDA has said it tolerates individuals buying foreign drugs over the
Internet, but opposes giving that right to companies.

Mr. Howard said similar drug plans with other cities, from Indiana to the East
Coast, are "in the pipeline already." However, he said the difficulty of
ensuring a Canadian doctor has co-signed the prescription -- a legal necessity
-- will limit his company's growth.

CanaRX employs at least nine physicians in the Windsor area to approve the
prescriptions of U.S. patients whom they have most often never met. The
provincial licensing board for doctors, the College of Physicians and Surgeons
of Ontario, said yesterday it would consider investigating the doctors involved,
because they appear to be in violation of college policy.

Since November of 2000, the college has held that it is not acceptable for
physicians to prescribe drugs or co-sign prescriptions without "attending the
patient," which means face to face contact, said spokeswoman Kathryn Clarke.

"It isn't simply just signing your name. You have responsibilities when you
order a prescription for an individual," she said. "It sounds as though it would
be in contravention of this policy, so we would have the authority to
investigate."

Ms. Clarke said no case in Ontario has thus far resulted in discipline for a
doctor. In New Brunswick, though, the provincial college issued warnings on
Monday to two doctors who co-signed prescriptions for online pharmacies, and
lifted the licence of another who had done it in the past.

On July 17, the Ontario College of Pharmacists accepted guilty pleas in the case
of The Canadian Drugstore Inc., a similar outfit that saw its principals charged
with running an illegal pharmacy. The pleas end a case that saw the company
fined $20,000 and forced to endow a $125,000 chair in pharmacy practice at the
University of Toronto. Stephen Bederman, an Ontario registered pharmacist, and
Dr. Stanley Gore will both face formal discipline hearings later this year.

Dana Hanson, president of the Canadian Medical Association, said it is
impossible to know how many doctors might be involved in the lucrative trade. "I
have no idea. ... These people don't necessarily step forward and say that
they're doing it." He is mildly concerned about lowered access of Canadians to
qualified pharmacists, who are already in short supply, but that the prime
concern is inappropriate diagnoses.

"We feel that a prescription is the result of taking history from the patient,
doing a relevant physical examination, coming to a diagnosis, and then, if and
where appropriate, issuing a prescription for that," he said. "And basically,
that isn't happening with co-signing."

Added Wayne Lepine, manager of pharmaceutical policy at Health Canada: "We don't
have any position on what American residents, or cities for that matter, do with
respect to acquiring drugs. I think the issue is one for the Americans to
adress."


LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2003 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                              993 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 16, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

How About Opponents Of Bilingual Education?

SECTION: Section 13LI;  Page 17;  Column 6;  Long Island Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 311 words


When I first read "Classes Where Students' Languages Are as Varied as the
Subjects" [June 25] I was quite upset because it seems to make every attempt to
present the views, thoughts and quotations of bilingual-education supporters,
but fails to present the ideas and viewpoints of those who oppose it. As a
part-time staff member to Congressman Peter King, Republican of Seaford, whose
bill the National Language Act would not only make English the official
language, but would also eliminate funding for the Federal Office of Bilingual
Education, I know that this opposition is significant and really should not be
trivialized. After all, the importance of an understanding of English is proven
simply by a glimpse at the Help Wanted section that shows there are not many job
opportunities for people who do not speak it.

However, after rereading the article, my thoughts shifted beyond the fact that
my boss's ideas were being ignored and focused instead on the fact that by
offering such a one-sided piece of journalism, your publication is doing your
institution and the American people a great disservice. In an era when many
people turn to the medias as their only source of news, bias in reporting serves
to disenfranchise people further from the system than the subjects that you
primarily write about.

All around us in society people are attempting to sell us their point of view.
Be it politics, law, science or any other field, one person wants to sway us one
way and another wants to sway us the other. The media are supposed to be the
filter that helps us look at each point of view objectively and make a decision.
Instead today journalists manipulate the term "freedom of the press" and just
present their own points of view in print. The unfortunate result are articles
like the one mentioned above.

CARL P. MARCELLINO
Syosset

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter
<PHDF>MAILHED

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              994 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 13, 2003 Saturday

He walked the line;
The legend of Johnny Cash holds sway in truck stops, alt-rock clubs and even
among gospel singers, ROBERT EVERETT-GREEN writes

BYLINE: ROBERT EVERETT-GREEN

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; JOHNNY CASH: 1932-2003; Pg. R1

LENGTH: 1496 words


Johnny Cash was a song warrior who lived hard and played till it hurt, often
extracting his strongest songs and performances from situations of pain and
personal weakness. His music was hardly ever in style, but it was never far from
the gnarled roots of American popular music. He recorded some 1,500 songs, and
sold more than 50 million records.

He was known and revered for his direct style and no-guff demeanour, both as a
singer and as a writer of songs. His signature greeting in concerts - "Hello,
I'm Johnny Cash" - came to symbolize a kind of integrity that declared itself
immediately, and never deserted him even when he did foolish or violent things.

He was quite capable of tailoring the facts when it suited him, at various time
fabricating a Native American background for himself (which he later retracted),
and resorting to every subterfuge known to addicts with a habit to conceal. But
even his failings fed the myth of Johnny Cash, who to his public seemed a blend
of outlaw, poet and prophet.

By the time of his death, of complications due to diabetes, early yesterday in
Nashville at age 71, Cash had become a patriarch whose authority seemed greatest
outside the official country-music scene, with which he had thorny relations for
years. His legend holds sway in truck stops, at alt-rock clubs and even among
gospel singers.

"He's a walking contradiction, part truth and part fiction," said Kris
Kristofferson. Cash repeated and endorsed that description in his 1997
autobiography Cash, along with daughter Rosanne Cash's remark that "He believes
what he says, but that don't make him a saint."

Cash claimed he was descended from Scottish royalty, and that his first American
ancestors were wealthy plantation owners. By the time he was born in Arkansas on
Feb. 26, 1932, however, the Cash family was close to penury. His father acquired
a plot of land under a New Deal relief program, and by the age of eight Cash,
one of seven children, was stuffing raw cotton into six-foot burlap sacks.

As a teenager, he learned some Jimmie Rodgers songs and guitar chords from a
friend, and enlisted in the air force, where he learned guitar and formed his
first band, the Barbarians. After his discharge in 1954, he married his first
wife Vivian Liberto, moved to Nashville, and caught the ear of Sam Phillips, the
legendary Sun Records founder who also launched the careers of Elvis Presley and
Jerry Lee Lewis. Cash wrote and recorded his first hit, Cry, Cry, Cry after
Phillips told him he needed "a real weeper" to go on the B-side of his first
single, Hey, Porter.

After two more hits (Folsom Prison Blues and I Walk the Line), he became the
first Sun musician to release an LP.

Cash's bass voice, and the boom-chicka-boom instrumentals of his first
recordings, established his distinctive sound from his first day at Sun, and
once his music was on the charts he hit the road hard. He acquired an
amphetamine habit while touring in 1957, and by the mid-sixties, his career and
marriage were flagging. In 1967, he crawled into a cave in Tennessee, intending
to end his life there, but felt a message from God telling him to crawl out
again and wait for his appointed hour.

A year later, with his drug habit in abeyance, his fortunes rebounded with the
release of Folsom Prison Live. The album, which is widely regarded as one of the
best live albums ever, yielded two chart hits, including Shel Silverstein's A
Boy Named Sue.. In 1969, he began taping The Johnny Cash Show.

Although he always thought of himself as a country musician, and nabbed 14 No. 1
country music hits, Cash never fit comfortably into the country scene. He was
fired from the Grand Ole Opry after smashing all the footlights with his
microphone stand and noted bitterly in the late nineties that he'd been written
off by Nashville during many times.

He paid close attention to Bob Dylan's first recordings, and the two became
friends and collaborators. Cash's 1965 album Orange Blossom Special included
three Dylan songs, and hinted at Cash's precocious ability to achieve a
synthesis of country, folk and rock.

In 1968 he married June Carter, the daughter of country matriarch Maybelle
Carter. Cash frequently credited June with saving him from his self-destructive
tendencies. She died in May of complications of heart surgery at age 73. "I
don't know hardly what to say tonight about being up here without her," Cash
said in June, during his first performance after her death. "The pain is so
severe there is no way of describing it. "

Carter summarized her own feelings about their turbulent match in a song she
co-wrote with Merle Kilgore, Ring of Fire. The song became another big hit for
Cash, and enhanced his image as a man who would calmly face destruction for the
sake of things that matter.

Man in Black (1971) mythologized Cash's performance wardrobe, suggesting that he
wore black because of all the injustice and unhappiness in the world. The truth,
at least initially, was more mundane: Cash and his first post-air force band
couldn't afford proper concert threads, so they all wore black for their first
public show at a church in Memphis.

Religion was important to Cash; he counted Billy Graham among his close friends,
and left Sun Records in part because Phillips didn't want him to record gospel
songs. He released several albums of religious songs during his career, and in
2000 put his gospel music on an equal footing with his better-known narratives
about killers and other desperate characters by launching a three-disc
compilation under the titles Love God Murder.

"My record company would rather I'd be in prison than in church," he said.

His recording career faded again during the eighties, in part because of another
round of addiction to painkillers. But a core audience never deserted him, and
he toured successfully even when he had nothing on the charts. He recorded The
Survivors with Jerry Lee Lewis and Carl Perkins, and made three albums with
Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson and Kris Kristofferson (collectively known as The
Highwaymen) that identified him with the "outlaw" resistance to the homogenized
country music being made in Nashville.

His actual experience as an outlaw was minimal. He never served time in jail,
except for three nights in the drunk tank. His biggest step outside the line was
to start a forest fire that cost him an $85,000 fine.

In 1993, Cash was approached by Rick Rubin, producer of albums by the Red Hot
Chili Peppers and the Beastie Boys, with a recording offer. The four albums that
resulted emphasized the weathered grandeur of Cash's much-diminished voice, and
reconsecrated him as a living legend. His sparse version of Hurt, and the sombre
video by Mark Romanek, seemed to summarize a majestic acceptance of the life's
hardships and the ravages of time. The song, written by Trent Reznor of Nine
Inch Nails, provided one more example of Cash's ability to make the songs of
others seem like mirrors of his own life.

Cash won 10 Grammys - most recently in 2003 when Give My Love to Rose earned him
the award for best male country vocal performance - and numerous Country Music
Association awards. He was elected to the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1980 and
inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1992.

At last month's MTV Video Awards, Cash was expected to take home several prizes
for his poignant, disturbing take on Hurt. He was hospitalized that day and
didn't make the ceremony, though he received support from an unlikely quarter
when Justin Timberlake used his acceptance speech to talk about growing up
listening to Cash's records and devoted his prize to the ailing singer.

In the end, Cash was a man who ploughed his own weaknesses under, and forced
them to bear fruit as simple yet compelling songs and performances. In all the
ways that counted, he never appeared as anything he wasn't.

"He's always there," said Leonard Cohen, "the tallest figure in the circle of
integrity, the deepest voice when night comes down, and the bravest take on
sanity in the midst of wild confusion."

Cash flow

Some of Johnny Cash's songs,  in chronological order:Cry, Cry, Cry, 1955

Folsom Prison Blues, 1956

I Walk the Line, 1956

Get Rhythm, 1956

Next in Line, 1957

Home of the Blues, 1957

Give My Love to Rose, 1957

Big River, 1958

I Got Stripes, 1959

Five Feet High and Rising, 1959

Tennessee Flat-Top Box, 1961

Ring of Fire, 1963

Understand Your Man, 1964

The Ballad of Ira Hayes, 1964

It Ain't Me, Babe, with June Carter, 1964

Orange Blossom Special, 1965

Daddy Sang Bass, 1968

A Boy Named Sue, 1969

If I Were a Carpenter, with June Carter Cash, 1970

What Is Truth, 1970

Sunday Morning Coming Down, 1970

Man in Black, 1971

A Thing Called Love, 1972

Ragged Old Flag, 1974

One Piece at a Time, 1976

I Will Rock and Roll With You, 1979

(Ghost) Riders in the Sky, 1979

Highwayman, with Willie Nelson, Waylon Jennings and Kris Kristofferson, 1985

Delia's Gone, 1994

Hurt, 2002

Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2003 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                            August 6, 1988 Saturday

GOODBYE TO MR. GOODBAR

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: MACMILLAN S

LENGTH: 1296 words


The swinging singles days of New York have disappeared _ giving way to romance
and courtship. SALLY MacMILLAN reports. NEW York is a singles town _ but the
swinging singles scene is no more. The city's affair with casual sex, the
two-decade adventure launched by the Pill, has given way to a time of caution
and commitment. Veterans of the revolution, some wounded, some merely bored, are
reinventing courtship and romance with the one-night stand definitely lacking
allure. The buzz words these days are ""commitment", ""intimacy" and ""working
at relationships". There is much talk of pendulum swings, matters coming full
circle and a psychic return to pre-revolutionary days. No more indicative of the
trend is the demise of the Manhattan singles bar. Mr Goodbar has had his day.
One by one the once-flourishing dens of iniquity have vanished from the Upper
East Side. Peartrees, where bouncers once oversaw queues of singles waiting for
elbow room at the bar, is now an elegant and sedate restaurant. St John's, where
Truman Capote drank shooters, has become a Russian cafe. Knickers burned down
and is now a pizza parlor. Nothing, however, more symbolished the death of an
era than the recent closing of Maxwell's Plum, the most opulent and perhaps the
quintessential singles bar. The flamboyant establishment that became a city
landmark and tourist drawcard had struggled over the past few years to retain
its former thriving clientele. In its heyday in the late 70s, Maxwell's served
about 2000 meals a day in its stained-glass ceilinged, 175-seat rooms and
footpath tables. A ""meat rack" singles scene teemed at the bar, drawing
regulars and tourists alike. It was hotter than hot _ a high-class pick-up bar
for the swinging trendies. For two decades it held sway over scores of
imitators. The mid-1980s saw the sway lose its swing. In the past few years
owner Warner LeRoy tried new chefs and new decor, but what made the bar in the
first place apparently saw to its end. LeRoy, upset but philosophical, likened
its demise to that of an old affair that had gone on too long, in the end losing
all the excitement and adventure. Today, all along the fabled East Side of
Manhattan, the video shops, the Korean vegetable stands, the Chinese takeaways
and the health food delis are proliferating. Burned out on bars, the singles of
New York are renting videos and going home at night, joining health and racquet
clubs or playing other fields _ none of which could be termed ""swinging". Noted
psychologist Dr Joyce Brothers says: ""The swinging singles days are over. In a
way, singles are practising the mores of their grandparents. ""The AIDS risk has
brought about the return of courting." While the increasing awareness of the
deadly disease among heterosexuals is definitely chilling the New York social
scene, many _ including those involved in it _ consider it more of a symbol or
the capping of a trend that began before AIDS came to full public attention.
Before the AIDS scare, there was the herpes scare. And even before the herpes
scare, many had already come to feel that the standards of the highly touted
sexual revolution were not for them. Casual sex, despite its promised boons, had
not lived up to its reputation. Says sexologist Harvey Caplan: ""In a funny sort
of way, some people are actually relieved by the scare. ""It's a good excuse for
them to give up a life-style that had become unsatisfying." New York
psychotherapist Nancy Edwards echoes that belief: ""AIDS has given people the
excuse they needed to do what they wanted to do all along _ to be more sexually
discriminating." Looking for love in all the wrong places hasn't worked, but
it's not easy looking for it anywhere else, it seems. Those involved in the
search _ a good many of the 2.5 million singles in the city _ say that meeting
and dating in updated Gotham has become a more and more frustrating, expensive
and even frightening experience _ and one that is often unsuccessful. They cite
such factors as the expense _ with singles caught between tiny, costly
apartments that are unsuitable for entertaining and clubs and restaurants they
cannot afford. Getting ahead in New York requires almost manic attention to
work, leaving little free time and fear of crime makes people less open to
meeting strangers and governs decisions about when they go out. New York, too,
is a little different from other cities in America. In some cities, where one
industry dominates, work seems to foster socialising. In Washington life
revolves around the government and in Los Angeles, around movie-making. In New
York, there are so many industries that people, in one sociologist's words
""don't logically come into each other's orbits". Success at work in this city
can often mean social failure. ""Making it" in New York frequently means long,
arduous hours at the office. Dating is limited to often only one night a week.
The question some are asking themselves is _ are they working so hard only to
get ahead or because socialising is so difficult that the office is an
attractive alternative? ""I fully understand that many people feel they're taxed
so hard at work, they just want to go home and have TV dinners," says TV
director Todd Kessler, single and a self-admitted workaholic. ""But that's a sad
commentary on New York." For those who are not of the out-and-out workaholic
breed, who don't go in for health, sporting or religious clubs, the dilemma gets
tougher. Hundreds of thousands have taken the newspaper and magazine personal
ads route _ with mixed success. In New York Magazine, the ""Strictly Personals"
list thousands each week ... ""Not a Way To Live _ I run a major international
company which appears to have consumed me recently, but actually hasn't. I
frequently think of myself as a Renaissance man, and yet I need to re-establish
more firmly the broader personal values and goals of my life. Looking for . . ."
""It's murder to meet men here," says personal penner Victoria Feldman. ""You
can't trust someone you meet in a bar. Through the mail you can get a bit more
understanding and honesty." For those who like more of a crowd, there are such
events as the annual Single in New York convention, billed as America's largest
consumer show for singles. Some 32,000 unwed New Yorkers flocked to this one
last December _ to get advice on investing and holidays and to meet other
singles. On a smaller scale was last week's Meeting Group Party, which drew 450
single men and women _ mostly professionals who found the bar scene left much to
be desired. The Meeting Group, sponsored by the Learning Annex, a national
educational program offering short-term courses and encounters on subjects as
varied as rock climbing to how to make it big in the real estate market, is bent
on introducing like people to like people without, said one organiser, ""the
stigma of looking like a meat market". ""Here people have time to get to know
each other without the idea that sex is the be-all and end-all." Businesswoman
Jana Arthur was one who applauded the rise of such meeting groups. ""I think
this event signals a shift in man-woman singles relationships," she said. ""Away
from the one-night stand to romance, flowers, candy. Nobody's romanced a woman
in years." And romance definitely appears to be making a big comeback. Take
Lillian Lewis and her flourishing ""Rent-A-Romantic" business. This New Yorker
is making a fortune pennning ""creative" and ""romantic" replies to personal ads
for those with too little time and energy for the pursuit of romantic love.
Single sex is definitely not dead in New York. The denizens are still doing it.
It's just that the ritual leading up to it has changed. People are meeting to a
new beat . . . not a market of meat.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PIC SHOWS A SKETCH OF COUPLE HANGING BY A STRAW FROM A

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1988 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              996 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                          September 10, 2011 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

B.C. shaken by earthquake off Vancouver Island coast; Damage likely after
magnitude 6.4 temblor

BYLINE: Bradley Bouzane, Kelly Sinoski Hoekstra And Gordon, Postmedia News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 690  words


Many regions of British Columbia were shaken Friday afternoon by a magnitude 6.4
earthquake that struck off the coast of Vancouver Island.

While no tsunami warning was triggered by the quake, a geophysicist with the
U.S. Geological Survey said damage is possible in many B.C. regions.

"It's been felt pretty widely - we have reports of it being felt in Vancouver,
Victoria and even in Seattle," said Paul Caruso. "In the north, it's been felt
as far as Port Hardy.

"We don't have any reports of damage yet, but we would probably expect to see
some damage - especially for anybody living on the central-west coast of
Vancouver Island."

Caruso said the earthquake, which occurred just after 12: 40 p.m. local time,
was centred about 280 kilometres west of Vancouver and about 25 kilometres
beneath the seabed.

He said people in Campbell River, on Vancouver Island, also likely would have
felt the quake because it was centred about 135 kilometres west of that city.

No tsunami warning was issued, Caruso said, because "the magnitude of the quake
isn't big enough to generate a tsunami by itself."

Regardless, he said some residents will be directly effected by the earthquake.

"People might experience - if they're near the epicentre on the west coast of
the island - they might have some damage, with things falling off shelves and
cracked foundations," Caruso said. "As far as the mainland, we would probably
expect to see very minor damage. People would probably see their chandeliers
swinging back and forth and feeling a little bit of shaking."

There were no immediate signs of damage in downtown Vancouver, although lights
swayed for a halfminute when the quake struck.

The earthquake shook buildings in the tiny Vancouver Island community of
Zeballos, but there appeared to be no damage and there were no injuries.

The power went down but came back quickly, said Arlene Coburn, a 38-year
resident of the remote west coast community.

Coburn was at the school when the earthquake hit. She said it felt like the
whole building was going to topple over, but nothing fell off the walls.

"One big one, and a little tremor, and that was it," she said. "It gave (the
school) a good sway."

The 60 or so children who attend the Zeballos Elementary Secondary School were
ushered out and across a bridge, a measure used when there's a threat of a
tsunami, said Coburn, a part-time janitor at the school.

Arlene's husband, Geoff, said there were no injuries and no damage as far as he
knew in the community of about 200 people.

"There was no cause for panic," said Geoff.

Brent Ward, a professor in Simon Fraser University's department of earth
sciences, said people were more likely to feel the quake if they were in tall
buildings because of the sway.

He said it was one of the biggest quakes experienced on the west coast, with the
last one in Washington state.

"Six point seven (the quake's originally estimated magnitude) is nothing to
sneeze at," he said. "You think of the earthquake in Haiti and it was about the
same but it was shallow."

He said the quake likely originated in stress built up due to the oceanic Juan
de Fuca plate subducting under the North American plate.

The quake created a slight rattling as far away as Seattle, Wash., but police in
the U.S. city said there were no reports of damage. The list of cities where the
quake was felt includes San Francisco and Edmonton.

In an interview with the Cowichan Valley Citizen in February, Alison Bird, a
seismologist for Natural Resources Canada, said earthquakes happen very
frequently in the region, noting that in 2010 alone more than 3,000 minor
earthquakes were recorded in Western Canada.

"We have smallish earthquakes very regularly," she said. "It's a fairly routine
event."

And according to the Victoria Times Colonist, the largest quake to hit the
region in recent memory was the 6.8-magnitude Nisqually earthquake southwest of
Seattle, Wash., in February 2001.

Only the ninth earthquake in this area in 125 years measuring over magnitude 6,
it cracked the dome of the Capitol building in Olympia, Wash., damaged the
control tower at the Sea-Tac airport and shook bricks off chimneys in Victoria.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Andy Clark, Reuters; A couple sits on the waterfront facing the Lions
Gate Bridge in West Vancouver on Friday. A strong earthquake, with a preliminary
6.7 magnitude, off the coast of Vancouver Island shook buildings downtown in
Vancouver, but there were no immediate signs of damage, a witness said.; Darren
Francey, Calgary Herald/;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              997 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            January 29, 1999, Friday

LT MAY BE SACKED ; HALL OF FAME CHANCES LOOK DIM

BYLINE: Steve Serby

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 118

LENGTH: 984 words


"If the criteria is for what you've done on the field, then it's a shoo-in.
[Taylor] was explosive, he could run like a deer and he was a tough guy."ART
SHELL

MIAMI - Lawrence Taylor is in grave danger of being sacked tomorrow morning from
the Hall of Fame honor he deserves.

As the Great LT Debate looms less than 24 hours away, a clear majority of Super
Bowl Broncos and Falcons rushed to LT's defense amidst concern that a Super Bowl
outrage is imminent.

"From what I gather, I don't think he's gonna make it," pro-Taylor Hall of Fame
Selection Committee member Paul Zimmerman, a Sports Illustrated senior writer
and former Post columnist, was saying yesterday. "I've got just about seven
negative votes - those are people who admitted it. Usually the negatives are
silent assassins. They sit back there and they never say a word and then they
cast their 'no' vote.

"So with those seven committed negatives and a couple of silent assassins,
that's all it takes [it takes eight nays]. Our only hope is to try and sway some
of the less positive negatives if that makes any sense, some of the guys who are
a little weaker, maybe straddling the fence. If we can sway a couple of those,
we have a chance. But it doesn't look good because these guys seem pretty set in
their views."

The Great LT Debate debate will begin here tomorrow at 7:30 a.m. inside the
Brickell Meeting Room at Hyatt media headquarters among the pro football
writers. Vinny DiTrani of the Bergen Record will stand up and recommend that
Taylor's 132.5 sacks, 10 Pro Bowls and dramatic impact on the game are the only
criteria needed for Canton as laid out in the by-laws.

"Having a Hall of Fame without Lawrence Taylor," DiTrani said yesterday, "is
like filming the Titanic without a boat."

Dissenters argue that Taylor's boorish history of drug abuse and brushes with
the law should require consequences. Dallas Morning News columnist Frank Luksa
believes there is precedent for stiff-arming Taylor in the exclusion of former
Cowboys wideout Bob Hayes, who was jailed for delivering cocaine to an
undercover policeman.

"I realize that the Pro Football Hall of Fame probably has its share of drug
addicts, alcoholics, wife-beaters, rascals and scalawags," Luksa said yesterday,
"but I've never knowingly put one in there. I think a year wait for Lawrence
Taylor is in order."

A secret ballot will be taken (Eric Dickerson, Lynn Swann, L.C. Greenwood, Howie
Long and Marv Levy are some of the other nominees). But most of LT's football
brethren, the ones who either idolized him or competed against his furious
genius, aligned themselves with longtime pro-Taylor advocates Bill Parcells,
Phil Simms and Wellington Mara and shouted their "yes" votes loudly for all to
hear yesterday.

"I'm probably the first guy that was compared to Lawrence Taylor way back when,"
Falcons linebacker Cornelius Bennett said. "In college [Alabama], I can recall
Ray Perkins, his coach, who drafted Lawrence Taylor, putting the tag on me being
The Next Lawrence Taylor. He changed the way defenses play. He changed the way
coaches think about playing offenses now. He changed the whole game."

Falcons offensive line coach Art Shell, a Hall of Famer, said, "If the criteria
is for what you've done on the field, then it's a shoo-in. That guy was
explosive, he could run like a deer and he was a tough guy."

Falcons wideout Terance Mathis said, "It's all about what you do on the field,
not off the field. When Lawrence Taylor was playing football and making all
those plays and making all those sacks, everybody loved him. Everybody adored
him. You'd see 56 jerseys all over the place. Now when his personal life hasn't
been going so well, now everybody wants to crucify him and forget all the great
things that he's done, and that's not right, and it's the same thing with Pete
Rose. That is not right. "

Broncos QB John Elway and OLB John Mobley are less passionate about Taylor.

"What's the criteria?" Elway asked The Post. "On the field, yes, no question.
Off the field, I can't answer that."

Mobley said, "If the Hall of Fame is for people that you want your kids to look
up to and admire, no." But when informed that there are no written criteria for
citizenship, Mobley said, "Oh, well, there's no doubt he should be in there, no
question."

Falcons free safety Eugene Robinson said, "You see that one clip? I love it! He
beats the tackle and the tackle goes by, he grabs the quarterback, I think it's
[Joe] Montana, he picks him up with one hand and like swings him, and his whole
body, like 190 pounds like flips in the air and he does his thing. I said, 'Man,
how can a guy have that much strength with one arm, as he's beating up this guy,
throw another guy with one arm? Man, you've got to be like Superman!' He changed
the face of linebackers, LT did, so my hat's off to him."

Broncos defensive end Alfred Williams said, "He is the greatest linebacker ever
to play the game as far as I'm concerned, and I'm quite there's a lot of kids
out there who believe that he belongs in the Hall of Fame. If you can't say
Lawrence Taylor belongs in the Hall of Fame, you can take a lot of those people
in the Hall of Fame out of it then. Lawrence Taylor absolutely changed the
game."

Broncos defensive end Marvin Washington said, "The criterion is what you do on
the field. I think what he's done on the field, there should be no question in
anybody's mind. He revolutioned that position. There are other guys in the Hall
of Fame I imagine that don't deserve to be there from a moral standpoint, but if
you went from a moral standpoint, half these players in the league wouldn't be
in the league."


LOAD-DATE: January 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TAYLOR-MADE?: Lawrence Taylor's play spoke for itself, but his
off-the-field problems may keep him on the outside looking in when the Hall of
Fame voting takes place tomorrow. NY Post: Bob Olen

           Copyright 1999 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              998 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 8, 2012 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Conventions Draw Crowds but Sway Few Voters

BYLINE: By ADAM NAGOURNEY

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Politics; POLITICAL MEMO; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1151 words


CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- The goal of the Democratic convention was to draw a sharp
contrast between the visions offered by President Obama and Mitt Romney, promote
a first-term record that many Democrats feel Mr. Obama has failed to articulate
and persuade nervous Americans to stick with this president through tough times.

For Republicans, the goal of their convention was to flesh out a candidate who
had been caricatured as bloodless, portray Mr. Obama as out of his depth and
make voters who supported Mr. Obama in 2008 comfortable with leaving him in
November for a lesser-known opponent.

As Democrats left here on Friday, the emerging consensus was that Mr. Obama had
gone further in meeting the goals.

But even as the grading begins, the overriding question might be how much these
conventions mattered. There is growing evidence that this year more than ever,
the political significance of these extravagant and costly events was on the
decline, just another in an ever-growing vortex of forces that help shape the
election.

''There was a day where these conventions were covered much more intensively,
there was less to watch on TV and voters were more open,'' said David Axelrod, a
senior adviser to Mr. Obama. ''But now, by the time the conventions took place,
90 percent of voters are locked in.''

Mr. Axelrod said the conventions had become ''much more marginal than they once
were'' and were now much less about reaching undecided voters, since so few
watch, and more of a pep rally to motivate the base. That is no small thing, he
said, but certainly far short of the significance that conventions once held.

Stuart Stevens, Mr. Axelrod's counterpart in the Romney campaign, said
conventions offered the party a platform to make its case but long ago lost
their potential to ''slingshot you forward.''

''One thing about this race that I kept muttering about even before the
conventions is that more ads have been run this year before the convention even
started than were run in all of '08,'' Mr. Stevens said.

When measured by viewership and the number of prime-time hours that the networks
devote to them, the conventions have been on the wane since the days when there
were actually contested battles on the floor for the nomination. But changes in
campaigns over the past four years have hastened their slide.

Voters in swing states have already been inundated with months of commercials
from the Obama campaign, which decided to start advertising early, and from
independent committees supporting Mr. Romney, not to mention 24-hour cable news
coverage, delivered with a partisan tone by some networks.

After all that, there is little in the conventions, which themselves resemble
elongated advertisements, to draw viewers' interest or provide them with
information that could sway their opinions.

Since 2004, conventions have taken place later in the season, and the practice
of separating them by a few weeks has long fallen by the wayside. That created a
10-day blur of convention coverage, challenging campaign officials who are
looking for some way to break through. And by Labor Day, the holiday that
separated the two conventions this year, voters are much further along the
decision-making track and, particularly in swing states, are awash in
information about the candidates.

''I think they have absolutely no impact on election results whatsoever,'' said
Allan J. Lichtman, a history professor at American University in Washington.
''And people are catching on these conventions don't matter. They are just
daylong infomercials. People are beginning to realize that.''

Chris Lehane, who helped oversee the 2000 Democratic convention for Al Gore,
said candidates had not experienced any real lift in polls from these gatherings
at least since 2004.

''The conventions are watched by far less people, and the press covers them in a
far more critical and skeptical fashion,'' Mr. Lehane said. ''They are akin to a
political appendix. They exist but do not serve the purpose they were originally
created to serve, which was to truly nominate the ticket.''

There is a very narrow band of voters who might genuinely be open to argument.
But officials with both campaigns said they were concerned that the television
audience was made up overwhelmingly of friendly crowds looking to cheer on their
team: Republicans tuned in last week, and Democrats this week.

More than anything, given the fire hydrant spray of information hitting voters
from so many different sources, the half-life of even the biggest events is
diminishing. (Quick: What was the theme of Mr. Romney's acceptance speech last
week?)

The discussion over whether former President Bill Clinton had bested Mr. Obama
with his speech flared just before midnight on Thursday and was gone by Friday
morning, as attention turned to the latest round of employment figures. And all
that free advertising that Mr. Romney and Mr. Obama enjoyed at their conventions
is already being overwhelmed by the tidal wave of campaign advertising by Mr.
Romney, coinciding with the start of the general election campaign.

This is not to say that conventions have become complete relics. More than 35
million people watched Mr. Obama's speech, and 30 million watched Mr. Romney,
according to Nielsen ratings; all three networks showed the speeches. That is
one of the largest audiences that the two men will get during this campaign, and
Mr. Axelrod said he presumed that at least some of the viewers had not made up
their minds.

And the reception inside the hall was just as important, he said. Rallying the
party is critical in a year like this.

Even some Republicans said Mr. Obama's camp produced the more effective
convention, with greater enthusiasm, more memorable speeches and fewer mishaps.

''The Democrats did a far better job at their convention than the Republicans,
with everything, which is unusual, because usually the Republicans did that
stuff better,'' said Matthew Dowd, who was the strategist in the re-election
campaign of President George W. Bush.

''The Republican convention in every way felt old and backward,'' he said. ''The
Democratic convention at least felt as if it was in the 21st century.''

Conventions are also a fair measure of basic campaign competence. Even the
best-planned convention is going to have some problems, and there was no
exception here.

Mr. Obama had to intervene to end an embarrassing platform fight over
recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. And the dominant memory of the
Republican convention might not have been the speech by Mr. Romney, but rather
the image of an actor arguing with an empty chair on the stage.

You do remember that, right?

PHOTO: The close of the Republican National Convention last week. Most voters
have already made up their minds, and there is an ever-growing vortex of forces
that help shape the election amid the 24-hour news cycle. (PHOTOGRAPH BY DAMON
WINTER/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/09/08/us/politics/conventions-draw-crowds-but-
sway-few-voters.html

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company
