
                               1 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                     September 21, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust, Colony American Homes Announce Merger to
Create Best in Class Single-Family Rental

LENGTH: 692  words


Sept. 21 -- Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust (NYSE:SWAY) and Colony American
Homes ("CAH") announced today the signing of a definitive merger agreement
("Agreement") to combine the two companies in a stock-for-stock transaction. In
connection with the transaction, SWAY will internalize the SWAY manager. The
combined internally managed company ("the Company") is expected to own and
manage over 30,000 homes and have an aggregate asset value of $7.7 billion at
the closing of the transaction. The merger is expected to achieve estimated
annualized cost synergies of $40 - $50 million.

Under the Agreement, the CAH shareholders will receive an aggregate of
64,869,583 SWAY shares in exchange for all shares of CAH. Upon completion of the
transaction, existing SWAY shareholders and the former owner of the SWAY manager
will own approximately 41% of the Company's shares combined, while former CAH
shareholders will own approximately 59% of the Company's shares. The share
allocation was determined based on each company's net asset value and is not
subject to adjustment. The Company's shares will continue to trade on the New
York Stock Exchange. The Company is expected to maintain SWAY's quarterly
dividend of $0.19 per share. The transaction has been approved by the boards of
both SWAY and CAH, and the terms of the internalization of the SWAY manager were
negotiated and approved by a special committee of the board of trustees of SWAY.
The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter 2016. Among other
things, the transaction is subject to approval of SWAY shareholders and
customary closing conditions.

Barry Sternlicht, Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chairman of Starwood
Capital Group, and Thomas J. Barrack, Jr., Executive Chairman of Colony Capital,
Inc., will serve as non-executive Co-Chairmen of the Company's Board of
Trustees. Fred Tuomi, President and Chief Operating Officer ("COO") of CAH, will
serve as CEO. Doug Brien, CEO of SWAY, will serve as President and COO. Arik
Prawer, Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") of CAH, will serve as CFO. The Company's
corporate and operational headquarters will be in Scottsdale, Arizona, while
maintaining a significant presence in Oakland, California.

"This merger is a transformative event for SWAY and for our industry," stated
Barry Sternlicht. "Combining two best-in-class teams, with a superior portfolio
of homes in carefully selected geographic markets, positions us to deliver
long-term capital appreciation for our shareholders while earning compelling
current yields at or above those currently achievable in other major real estate
asset classes."

Added Thomas J. Barrack, Jr., "We believe this merger demonstrates the power of
scale and consolidation and really crystallizes the long-term durability of the
single-family rental industry; this combination of CAH and SWAY truly redefines
this asset class, and the opportunity in front of us is immense."

SWAY was advised by Moelis & Company and Sidley Austin LLP. CAH was advised by
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP and Clifford
Chance US LLP. The Special Committee of the Board of Trustees of SWAY was
advised by Wells Fargo Securities and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz.

Webcast and Conference Call Information

An investor presentation about the merger will be available in the investor
relations section of SWAY's website at www.starwoodwaypoint.com. SWAY and CAH
will hold a conference call today at 9:00 Eastern to discuss the transaction.
Participants will include Barry Sternlicht and Thomas J. Barrack, Jr. A webcast
link will be available on the investor relations section of SWAY's website. To
participate in the telephone conference call, dial in at least ten minutes prior
to start time. The domestic dial-in number is 1-888-430-8691 (for U.S. and
Canada) and the international dial-in number is 1-719-325-2491 (passcode not
required). A replay of the call will be available through September 28, 2015 and
can be accessed by calling 1-877-870-5176 (U.S. or Canada) or 1-858-384-5517
(international). The passcode for the replay is 832901.

Source: Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           February 11, 2017 Saturday

TAP Worldwide, LLC applies for US Patent titled as "TWO-STAGE SWAY BAR"

LENGTH: 152 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170036506 for US Patent, published on February 9, 2017, by TAP
Worldwide, LLC, titled as "TWO-STAGE SWAY BAR"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Miyamoto; Jason M.; (San Diego, CA) ; Angues; Sean J.; (Corona, CA) ;
Bennett; Jason L.; (Chula Vista, CA)

Applicant: TAP Worldwide, LLC   Compton   CA   US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "Sway
bars are described that include at least an inner sway bar, a first outer sway
bar, and a second outer sway bar. The sway bar includes a first coupling portion
and a second coupling portion that can engage and disengage under control from a
remote location. The sway bar includes a larger diameter, outer sway bar
assembly that can be disengaged and a smaller diameter inner sway bar. The sway
bar can include a housing to retain fluid."


LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Sway pole acrobats risk lives to entertain fair crowd

BYLINE: Brandon Semler, Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 387 words


July 24--SPRINGFIELD -- Nerveless Nocks sway pole acrobat Michelangelo Nock, 48,
said he still gets nervous before climbing 80 feet off the ground up to perform
-- though he has been in the business his entire life.

"I think that's why we have such longevity in the industry," Nock said. "We
respect what we do for a living, we stay in shape and we work on making sure our
equipment is always in tip-top condition."

The Nerveless Nocks are a group of aerial stunt artists who are performing a
sway pole routine daily at the Clark County Fair. A sway pole is a large pole
with some flexibility for hanging or maneuvering at the top.

Their beginnings dating back to the early 1700's, the Nocks family has produced
live circus and thrill shows for over nine generations. The group is based in
Sarasota, Fla., the "circus capital of the world."

"We just wanted something a little different in here," Clark County Fair Public
Relations Coordinator Dara Ferryman said, "someone we hadn't had before."

Nock said the Clark County Fairgrounds is a nostalgic place for him, as he and
his family were often allowed to stay there in the late 1960's and early 70's
while performing with the Shrine Circus. They used the grounds while between
cities like Dayton and Columbus.

"We have fond memories, especially in the 1970's," Nock said. "It's still a
beautiful community."

Nock and fellow acrobat Brandon Rodriguez, 18, climbed to the top of the poles
during Wednesday afternoon's show, often hanging off the sides and waving to the
crowd. Rodriguez hung upside down from the top of the pole. The duo also
performed a routine with chairs, where Nock stacked chairs on top of each other
while still standing on them.

"We're risking our life, we really are," Nock said. "There's no safety devices."

Wednesday was also Kid's Day at the fair, when children under 14 entered for
free and all-day ride passes were discounted from $16 to $12. Special Kid's Day
games and contests took place at the grandstand from 1-3 p.m., where children
participated in sack races and were able to meet the Wittenberg University Tiger
mascot.

The Champion City Kings also arrived around noon to sign autographs for the
children.

___ (c)2014 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio Visit Springfield News-Sun, Ohio at
www.springfieldnewssun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140724-1SP-Sway
-pole-acrobats-risk-lives-to-entertain-fair-crowd-0724-20140724

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SP


                   Copyright 2014 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio


                               4 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 29, 2014 Tuesday

USPTO Published Patent application of East Carolina University titled as
"POSTURAL SWAY AND STABILITY MEASUREMENT AND THERAPEUTIC DEVICE AND RELATED
METHODS"

LENGTH: 226  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140114213, published on April 24, 2014, by East Carolina University, titled as
"POSTURAL SWAY AND STABILITY MEASUREMENT AND THERAPEUTIC DEVICE AND RELATED
METHODS" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Allison; Leslie K.; (Winston-Salem, NC) ; Shoaf; Ryan Matthew;
(Harrisonburg, VA) ; VanderLinde; Melissa; (Mooresville, NC)
Assignee:   East Carolina University
Greenville
NC

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
postural and sway stability measurement device includes a slidable support that
is configured to be mounted on a base such that the slidable support is movable
between an initial position and a plurality of a maximum sway positions; and a
patient sway unit mounted to the slidable support. The patient sway unit is
configured to interact with a patient such that when the patient leans in a
direction, the patient sway unit moves the slidable support from the initial
position to one of the maximum sway positions to thereby measure an amount of
maximum sway for the patient."

The Patent was filed on October 18, 2013 under application No. 20140114213

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            February 1, 2008 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

LOCAL SOCIAL MARKETER SWAY AGREES TO BE SOLD

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 526 words


Dallas-based Cornerworld Corp. announced that it has signed a letter of intent
to purchase Sway Inc., a Middleton-based social media marketing company, for $30
million in a combination of cash and Cornerworld stock.

Sway products enable central control for administering marketing campaigns
across numerous platforms. Sway's flagship product, Shoutlet, includes HTML
e-mail, podcasts, video syndication, RSS (Really Simple Syndication) and SMS
mobile phone text messaging.

"Gone are the days of banner ads and sponsored text links," Sway CEO Jason
Weaver said in a statement. "Internet users demand a more interactive experience
with advertisers."

Sway's clients include Miller Brewing. Wrigley, eBay, Sara Lee and Remington.

"Sway has pioneered the technology that helps top brands build their social
networks," Cornerworld CEO Scott Beck.

LOCAL TECH EXEC BEGINS YEAR AS THRIVE CHAIR

John Biondi, president of C5-6 Technologies, has moved up from vice chairman to
chairman of Thrive for 2008.

Thrive's mission is to grow the Madison area economy in ways that preserve and
enhance the quality of life. It covers the counties of Columbia, Dane, Dodge,
Green, Iowa, Jefferson, Rock and Sauk.

Thrive is placing special emphasis on the sectors of agriculture, biotechnology
and healthcare, along with the enabling technologies of nanotechnology and
information technology.

Biondi previously has been an executive with local firms Lucigen Corp., which
spun off C5-6 Technologies, and nPoint Inc. Two companies he was with went
public and another was successfully acquired, Thrive said.

AMERICAN SUPERCONDUCTOR CUTS LOSS AS REVENUES TRIPLE

With the booming world market for wind power giving a strong boost to its
Middleton-based Power Systems unit, American Superconductor Corp. reported a
narrower loss as revenues tripled for the final three months of 2007 compared to
the same period in 2006.

The Devens, Mass-based company reported a loss in the quarter - its fiscal third
quarter - of $7.3 million, or 18 cents per share, compared with a loss of $9.5
million, or 29 cents per share, as revenues jumped to $32.6 million from $9.5
million. Analysts, on average, were predicting a loss of 21 cents per share on
sales of $27.5 million, according to Thomson Financial.

BRIEFLY

* Red Robin Gourmet Burgers announced that it has agreed to acquire Dane County
Robins Inc.'s 11 franchised restaurants for $20.9 million. That includes those
at 6522 Monona Drive and 2440 E. Springs Drive. Dane County Robins was founded
in 2001 by Tim Gotzion and his family.

* A third Orange Shoe Gym is tentatively scheduled to open March 1 in Portofino
Place at 601 Junction Road. Lee & Associates announced the lease of 1,983 square
feet to Orange Shoe, which also has sites at 1 E. Main St. and 6220 Nesbitt Road
in Fitchburg.

* For the second time this week, a Canadian company announced a deal to acquire
a Wisconsin cheesemaker. Agropur, Canada's largest dairy cooperative, said it is
acquiring Little Chute-based Trega Foods, which also has plants in Weyauwega and
Luxemburg. Terms were not disclosed. All 320 Trega workers will be offered jobs
at the same pay and benefits they now receive.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Digest

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 13, 2017 Monday

SWAY MEDICAL LLC applies for US Patent titled as "SYSTEM FOR ASSESSING POSTURAL
SWAY AND HUMAN MOTION"

LENGTH: 182 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170035343 for US Patent, published on February 9, 2017, by
SWAY MEDICAL LLC, titled as "SYSTEM FOR ASSESSING POSTURAL SWAY AND HUMAN
MOTION"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Curtiss; Chase; (TULSA, OK)

Applicant: SWAY MEDICAL LLC   TULSA   OK   US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "There
is provided herein a system and method for performing a balance evaluation that
utilizes a hand held accelerometer that measures upper body compensatory and
correctional movement. Instead of testing movement in the waist or lower
extremity as is commonly done, the instant invention measures thoracic trunk
sway to estimate an individual's balance via positional change algorithms. By
holding the measuring device to the chest and performing one or a variety of
balance tests, the instant invention can determine the amount of sway in the
trunk without attached or fixed monitors, which presents a novel approach to
assessing postural sway above the center of mass."


LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 21, 2017

                                    SWAY A/S

                                 C Sundtsgt 51
                                  Bergen 5004
                                     Norway

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Sway Develops 10 MW Offshore Wind Turbine

   Oct 22, 2012

   Sway AS developed a 10 MW offshore wind turbine, named the ST10. For the
first time, the company has revealed information about the wind turbine's
design, including details about its direct-drive permanent-magnet generator,
which has an ironless stator core.Ingelise Arntsen, CEO of Sway, said, "This is
a very exciting event for us, and we are very pleased to be able to reveal more
details about this technology, which we believe represents a very cost
competitive turbine alternative to the offshore wind market. Obtaining a lower
Cost of Energy is crucial for offshore wind to achieve the position this
renewable energy source deserves in the total energy mix."In the development of
the ST10 it has right from the start been the aim to create a cost-effective
low-weight design.The ST10 offers an estimated 15%-20% reduction in turbine cost
compared to current state of the art, conventional design offshore wind
turbines, and a considerable reduction in cost per kWh produced on wind park
level. Arntsen said, "As a technology development company, we are proud to
present the ST10 design which has been developed by our engineers together with
some of the most competent partners in the industry. We are now in the process
of identifying the best industrial partner to bring this product to the market."



AAK RSS Maintains SWAY Test Wind Turbine At Bergen, Norway

   Nov 28, 2011

   AAK Renewable Support Services (RSS) said it is testing the first and demo
offshore wind park at the Sway test wind turbine site outside of Bergen, Norway.
AAK provided installation, heavy lift rigging, offshore support and mechanical
services.After the Alpha Ventus project, AAK began to look towards the onshore
wind and offshore wind markets and began developing products and services for
these markets. AAK RSS has since then, been working on solutions to the
challenges surrounding the entering of offshore wind turbines and access
involved with the external inspection and maintenance of wind turbines. AAK RSS
also provided maintenance services for the Sway test wind turbine system.


LLNL Partners With SWAY To Launch Deep Sea Offshore Wind Demonstration Project

   Jun 10, 2011

   Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) has signed a memorandum of
understanding with SWAY A/S, a renewable energy company, to launch deep sea
offshore wind demonstration project. Though California has not yet approved
offshore wind turbines, SWAY will launch a 1/5 scale prototype of the technology
off the coast of Norway to demonstrate how the system could work in the Pacific
Ocean.Towers for offshore wind turbines typically sit 0â[#x20ac]"30m deep in the
water and are anchored to the ocean floor. Based on technology that was
originally used for deep-sea oil drilling, SWAY has developed a system to
generate more offshore power by locating turbine towers deeper in the ocean --
at depths from 60â[#x20ac]"400m. The turbines would sit on top of the floating,
tethered tower.Nalu Kaahaaina, LLNL's low-carbon energy program leader, said,
"California has an abundance of deep water wind resources, so this is an
opportunity for the state. This technology is clean, reliable and even more
consistent than traditional onshore wind turbines." Power generation from
offshore wind turbines is significantly higher than onshore wind turbines. Roger
Aines, LLNL's carbon fuel cycle program leader, said, "We have offshore wind
resources in California and the wind is blowing all the time. If SWAY has
success in Norway, the technology could be useful in California." The laboratory
works on numerical weather prediction models to predict power generated by the
wind, so that wind farms can operate more efficiently while providing more power
to hungry grids. Predictive time frames range from an hour ahead to days ahead
of time. LLNL scientists plan to include ocean circulation and wake turbulent
studies to determine the most suitable sites for offshore deep ocean wind farms.
Using this data, Aines said wind operators can optimize the best locations for
wind farms, on or offshore. In California, the only option for offshore wind
turbines would be in the deep ocean, far away from coastlines. Aines said,
"We're looking at how we might use the SWAY technology off the coast of
California. With our California offshore resource, we can't do it with the
current technology that's available today." In the US, offshore wind projects
must strike a balance between technological and economic challenges and adhere
to more demanding environmental requirements to be successful. The latest
generation of offshore turbines is equipped to meet the challenges of the ocean
environment and tough weather conditions, which can limit access for routine
maintenance. According to the American Wind Energy Association, wind energy made
up 2.3% of the US electricity by the end of 2010, up from 1.8% a year ago.


Sway To Test 5MW Floating Turbine Off Norway's Coast In 2013

   Nov 18, 2010

   Sway AS (Sway) intends to test its 5MW floating turbine off the coast of
Norway in 2013, windpowermonthly.com reported. The company plans to develop the
1:6 model by the end of 2010. In October 2010, the Norwegian Coastal
Administration approved a two-year test permit for the project, while in the
beginning of 2010, the Norwegian Research Council announced support for the
project.According to the company, the 5MW model utilizes a pole fixed to the
seabed and the tower tilts at 5 degrees, which enables the tower to hold a
larger turbine. The model also uses a downwind rotor, tilted in the opposite
direction in order to continually lined up with the wind.In addition, the
company is also developing a 10MW floating offshore turbine with an EUR18
million aid from ENOVA Group. The company is likely to test the 10MW floating
offshore turbine within the next 18 months.


SWAY Creates Separate Business Entity, SWAY TURBINE, To Prototype And
Commercialize 10MW Offshore Wind Turbine

   Aug 27, 2010

   SWAY A/S (SWAY), based in Bergen, Norway, has decided to create a separate
business entity called SWAY TURBINE. The main focus of the new company will be
to prototype and subsequently commercialize the 10MW offshore wind turbine,
designed for fixed as well as floating foundations. SWAY founder Eystein Borgen
will be appointed CEO of SWAY TURBINE while Michal Forland will replace Borgen
as CEO of SWAY.SWAY TURBINE is currently working on building a full-scale 10MW
test turbine in Oygarden outside Bergen. In February 2010, ENOVA, a Norwegian
state-owned fund, committed NOK137 million (EUR17 million) to the construction
of the test turbine.In July 2010, the last formalities fell into place for
SWAY's concession to build the test turbine. With SWAY TURBINE up and running,
SWAY will continue working solely on its solution for floating foundations for
offshore wind turbines. Eystein Borgen said: Splitting the business into two
companies will also open up opportunities for investors who do not wish to
commit themselves to both technologies. In addition the spin-off will strengthen
the focus on both technologies. SWAY TURBINE was created as an independent
company (without parent company), expanding independent commercial opportunities
for both companies.


Sway To Get NOK137m For Demonstration Of Offshore Wind Turbine

   Feb 15, 2010




Enova To Provide NOK137 Million Funding To Build 10 MW Wind Turbine In Norway

   Feb 12, 2010

   Enova SF (Enova) will provide the Bergen-based company Sway AS (Sway) with
funding in the amount of NOK137 million two demonstrate a new wind turbine
prototype. The funding from Enova will contribute to the construction of a 10 MW
wind turbine in Ã[#x2dc]ygarden in Hordaland County, where the new technology
will be tested on land over the next two years. The rotor diameter of wind
turbine will be 145 metres.In cooperation with the Norwegian technology firm
Smartmotor AS, Sway has developed the concept with a view towards reducing
turbine weight and the number of moving parts, as well as the use of a gearless
generator system. Overall, the concept will result in higher energy generation
for offshore wind power, and thus also lower operating costs. As many as 35-40
engineers have taken part in the work to develop the concept that will now
undergo testing."Enova is dedicated to helping promote projects that can bring
us closer to achieving the goal of commercial generation of offshore wind power.
We regard this specific project as being very exciting. It represents a
considerable ramping up of current technology, in which diverse Norwegian expert
communities have cooperated to develop a totally new wind turbine design," says
Nils Kristian Nakstad, Enova's executive director. "There are many smart
concepts aimed at exploiting the renewable energy potential along the coast and
offshore. The goal of the program is to demonstrate and introduce innovative new
energy solutions to the market by showcasing projects which can help qualify the
technology in the form of energy results and operational experience," says Nils
Kristian Nakstad. In 2009, funding was provided for two tidal power projects
under this program. "Enova's support can help bring Norwegian technology to the
global forefront when it comes to wind turbines that float or rest on the
seabed," says Eystein Borgen, managing director and founder of SWAY. He added:
"The funding will enable us to maintain the necessary rapid progression, as well
as lay the foundation for total project financing. This is a huge inspiration
for everyone involved in the project."


SWAY Seeks Concession For Test Turbine In Ã[#x2dc]ygarden, Norway

   Sep 29, 2009

   Sway A/S (Sway) has applied for a test concession from the Norwegian Water
Resources and Energy Directorate for constructing a test turbine in
Naturgassparken in Ã[#x2dc]ygarden (West Coast of Norway). The construction of
the prototype will be conditional on financial support from Enova. The wind
turbine will have a capacity of 10 MW and a rotor diameter of 145 meters.The
turbine is an offshore turbine, but initially SWAY wants to test the turbine
onshore for a period of two to five years. The turbine will be removed when the
testing is completed. SWAY is evaluating other locations for testing, but for
now the primary focus is on Ã[#x2dc]ygarden.By co-locating the test turbine with
Naturgassparken industrial area, SWAY can benefit from the fact that the area is
already restricted to industrial use. Impact assessments have also been
established in the area, in connection with the Kollsnes Wind Park. The test
position is at the south side of LjÃ¸sÃ¸yna, which is located in the north
eastern corner of Naturgassparken industrial area. The location is as far away
as possible from the existing settlement at OÃ¸y and BlomÃ¸y. SWAY's CEO,
Eystein Borgen, reveals that the new turbine is the result of a considerable
amount of research and development: We have worked on this turbine since 2004,
and a significant amount of testing is still required before commercialization.
The turbine, which is developed by SWAY, comes in addition to the turbine from
AREVA Multibrid and will provide options for the buyers of SWAY's floating wind
turbine systems in the future. Initially we will only offer our floating wind
turbine solution with AREVA Multibrid's turbine, in line with the announced
partnership with the French energy giant. Later we will also be able to offer
SWAY's own 10MW turbine. The test turbine in Ã[#x2dc]ygarden will be an
important step in offering flexibility to SWAY's customers in the future,
through multiple alternative turbine solutions.


Areva And SWAY Announce Partnership On Deep Water Floating Wind Turbine
Solutions

   Aug 05, 2009

   AREVA and SWAY A/S (Sway) have announced their cooperation in offering new
solutions to provide technology that makes it possible to exploit offshore winds
in deep water for energy production. AREVA, via its German subsidiary AREVA
Multibrid, is currently delivering turbines to the first German offshore test
field Alpha-Ventus.AREVA-Multibrid was recently awarded a memorandum of
understanding for delivery of 80 wind turbines to Global Tech 1 wind farm, which
is planned outside the coast of Northern Germany with seabed anchored
installations. The Multibrid M5000 turbine has a capacity of 5 MW and is
designed solely for offshore installation.The turbine will be adapted to enable
downwind turbine operation on SWAY's tower solution. This is the first time
their turbine is applied on a floating foundation, which has been made possible
through SWAY's technology. Our aim is to demonstrate that deep water wind power
is commercially attractive within the next 4 years, says the company's founder
and Chief Executive Officer Eystein Borgen, and adds: The use
ofAREVA-Multibrid's technology is essential for our project. The combination
makes it possible to produce energy at a commercially attractive price. Full
scale test licence in Norway: SWAY AS has been granted a license from the
Norwegian Water Resources and Energy Directorate for building a floating wind
turbine plant for offshore wind power around 7 km outside KarmÃ¸y on the west
coast of Norway. The prototype construction is conditional on financial support
from the recently established Norwegian financial support programme for marine
renewable energy (Enova). A customer for this project is essential and Sway is
ready to start negotiations with possible international or national buyers as
soon as possible. When the right customer is found the wind turbine can be up
and running in 18-24 months. The purpose of the project is to test a full-scale
SWAY wind power plant and collect sufficient operational experience for both
SWAY and the customer for building future floating wind power facilities
offshore. Our ambition is to demonstrate that such plants in a commercial phase
shall be able to supply power at a price competitive to shallow water wind
parks. SWAY's floating wind turbines have several advantages which will make
this possible. The test plant: The demonstration plant will consist of a SWAY
floating tower and an Multibrid wind turbine with a capacity of 5 MW. The tower
is 188 metre high, whereof 84 metre is above water and 104 metre is under water.
Heavy ballast is placed at the bottom of the tower and it is anchored to the
seabed with a tension leg and a suction anchor. The tension leg is attached to
the tower through a subsea yaw mechanism which enables the wind turbine
including tower to revolve with the wind. This will allow using a tension rod
system to strengthen the tower, similar to the wire stays on a sailboat, so that
a significantly larger turbine can be utilized. This will increase the
production capacity, and thus reduce the power production costs. The technology
is suitable and safe for ocean depths between 80 and 400 metres. The wind
turbine that is mounted on the top of the tower is placed downwind. This is to
allow the floating tower to tilt (6 to 8 degrees) due to the pressure from the
wind, without resulting in a large misalignment between the rotor and the wind.
Transformers, switchgear and other electric equipment will be placed in the
tower. The plant will be connected to the existing electrical grid onshore
through a sea cable. Offshore wind power has enormous potential: All reports
indicate an enormous energy potential in offshore wind world wide. A report
published in April 2009 by the U.S. Department of Interior estimates the
recoverable energy potential in offshore wind power in the US to e enough to
cover the power consumption of 53 million households (1000-1500TWh). It is maybe
neglected by many people that in several areas only deep water locations are
available and fixed base installations is no alternative for utilizing this
potential, Borgen comments, and in addition we can produce more power from a
floating wind turbine located out of sight from shore because normally the wind
blows stronger farther offshore. Offshore wind power also entails less conflicts
related to use of land, animal and plant life, as well as various opinions
related to aesthetics. This does not mean that we want to play down the
importance of fishery and ship traffic and we will gain experience on these
issues through our demonstration plant, says Borgen and adds: Our ambition is to
produce more energy at a lower price, hence making the floating wind turbine an
attractive asset for energy producers worldwide.


Sway To Place 275-Foot Tall Wind Turbines In Deep Water Locations

   Feb 25, 2008

   Sway A/S (Sway) has decided to test its sea legs and wants to place its
275-foot tall wind turbines in deep water locations mainly in northern regions
with sustainable winds. Below the floating turbines will be 300-feet of
counterbalance in addition with a tether and ballast so that the structures
don't float away even at the time of storms. The company's wind turbines are of
5-megawatt.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017


                               8 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 25, 2013 Tuesday

The Journal Record Health Care Briefs: June 25, 2013

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 963  words


Vilar-Jensen joins Midwest Physicians Group MIDWEST CITY - Hetlevia Vilar-Jensen
has joined Midwest Physicians Group at 1001 S. Douglas Blvd. in Midwest City.
Vilar-Jensen received her medical degree from the University of Panama in the
Republic of Panama. She completed her residency in family practice at Cook
County Hospital in Chicago.

She is board-eligible in family practice. - Staff report OCCC offers assistant
program OKLAHOMA CITY - Oklahoma City Community College is offering the
Speech-Language Pathology Assistant program. The application deadline is July
12. Students in the program are trained to work with a licensed and certified
speech-language pathologist. Students with an SLPA degree can work with children
and adults experiencing communication delays and disorders, including
articulation and language delays; listening; speaking; reading and writing
delays; chewing; feeding and swallowing disorders; and cognitive impairments
such as those resulting from a stroke. Students must apply and be accepted for
admission to OCCC and into the SLPA program. Applications are being accepted for
fall 2013 semester only. After graduation, individuals can apply for state
licensure with the Oklahoma Board of Examiners for Speech-Language Pathologists
and Audiologists. - Staff report Drug card program to go local OKLAHOMA CITY -
The Oklahoma Municipal Service Corp., the business division of the Oklahoma
Municipal League, and the Oklahoma Drug Card Program have formed a partnership
to help residents offset the cost of prescription drugs. The OML will work with
the Oklahoma Drug Card program to provide specialized local drug cards to the
residents of their member cities and towns. "The program provides an option for
prescription drugs at a discounted rate that is available to anyone in the
community at no charge," said Carolyn Stager, executive director for the
Oklahoma Municipal League. The statewide prescription assistance program is made
possible and funded through the support of pharmacies and pharmaceutical
companies. Participating pharmacies are available at www.OklahomaDrugCard.com. -
Staff report Sway closes financing round TULSA - Sway Medical has completed a
$750,000 funding round led by individual angel investors and the OKAngel Sidecar
Fund. Tulsa-based Sway Medical has raised $1.325 million in total funding. Sway
Medical also said it has secured U.S. Food and Drug Administration clearance on
its flagship product, the Sway Balance iOS mobile application, and announced a
partnership with ImPACT Applications Inc. The partnership creates new
distribution channels for Sway Medical. "We are extremely pleased to have the
ongoing support of angel investors and the state of Oklahoma - together they
have positioned Sway Medical for tremendous growth and the opportunity to make a
real difference for people with serious injuries and medical ailments," said
Chase Curtiss, founder and CEO of Sway Medical. "Most balance assessments are
limited to subjective pencil and paper tests or bulky force platforms that cost
upwards of $25,000 per unit. We are changing an entire industry and are fully
committed to leveraging technology to improve the health care industry and arm
health care professionals with clinically validated tools that improve patient
care. " Sway Balance is a mobile medical diagnostics tool. - Staff report
Integris Edmond adds heart system EDMOND - Integris Health Edmond is expanding
its cardiology and radiology services to include a heart
catheterization-interventional radiology suite. Construction of the laboratory
began in April and the system will be housed within the hospital. "This X-ray
system features dual plane technology, which essentially allows the opportunity
for two different procedures to be performed within the same room," said Scott
Tulane, director of Integris Health Edmond's radiology department. "It allows
the flexibility to perform both cardiac and peripheral exams, enhancing
productivity and improving the exam experience for patients. " The system is
used for a wide variety of radiology and cardiology applications, including
procedures that study the extensive cardiovascular system to identify blocked
arteries. The heart lab is scheduled to open in late July. - Staff report
Anesthesiologists join OU Physicians OKLAHOMA CITY - Anesthesiologists Daniel
Skelly and Casey Windrix have established their medical practices with OU
Physicians. Both doctors completed their anesthesiology residencies at the
University of Oklahoma College of Medicine, where they also earned their medical
degrees. Courtney Atchley established her practice with OU Children's
Physicians, part of OU Physicians. Atchley is board-certified in pediatrics and
board-eligible in neonatology. She completed a fellowship in neonatal-perinatal
medicine at the University of Oklahoma College of Medicine and completed a
pediatric residency at the University of Missouri-Child Health, Columbia, Mo.
She earned her doctor of osteopathic medicine degree at Oklahoma State
University College of Osteopathic Medicine, Tulsa, and an undergraduate degree
at the University of Oklahoma. - Staff report OAOP presents awards OKLAHOMA CITY
- Michelle Welch was presented the 2013 Optometrist of the Year Award by the
Oklahoma Association of Optometric Physicians. Welch is a Northeastern State
University Oklahoma College of Optometry physician and educator. Lynsey
Bigheart, a doctor of optometry in Tulsa, was presented the 2013 Young
Optometrist of the Year Award. Don Diehl, an Enid optometric physician, was
presented with the 2013 Distinguished Service Award. - Staff report

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 16, 2015 Thursday

Pensacola Man Convicted of Child Pornography Charges

LENGTH: 421  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Florida has issued
the following press release:

A federal trial jury convicted Thomas Victor Sway, 24, of Pensacola, of receipt,
attempted receipt, and possession of child pornography.  The verdict was
announced today by Pamela C. Marsh, United States Attorney for the Northern
District of Florida.

At trial, the government presented evidence that, between November 2012 and May
2013, Sway received and possessed child pornography, including videos depicting
images of minors less than 12 years of age engaged in sex acts.  Undercover law
enforcement officers discovered and downloaded the pornographic files from a
public file sharing network that could be traced to Sway's computer.  After
agents executed a search warrant at Sway's residence, a forensic analysis of his
hard drive revealed at least 140 video files containing images of child
pornography.  Additionally, the system file history indicated a pattern of Sway
using dozens of distinct search terms to locate child pornography on the
internet.

Sway faces a minimum of 5 years in prison and a maximum of 20 years in prison.
Sentencing has been scheduled for June 30, 2015, before Chief United States
Judge Casey Rodgers at the United States Courthouse in Pensacola, Florida.

United States Attorney Marsh praised the work of U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), the Pensacola Police
Department, and the other agencies that are part of the Northwest Florida
Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force, whose joint investigation led to
the charges in this case.  It was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney
J. Ryan Love.

The United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Florida is one
of 94 offices that serve as the nation's principal litigators under the
direction of the Attorney General.  The office strives to protect and serve the
citizens of the Northern District of Florida through the ethical, vigorous, and
impartial enforcement of the laws of the United States, to defend the national
security, to improve the safety and quality of life in our communities through
the protection of civil rights, and to protect the public funds and financial
assets of the United States.  To access available public court documents online,
please visit the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Florida
website.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              May 17, 2011 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

There's room for Sway Away

BYLINE: Tom Pedulla

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 559 words


Sway Away, who barely missed having enough graded-stakes earnings to make the
cut when the Kentucky Derby attracted a full field of 20, will not suffer the
same fate for the Preakness Stakes on Saturday.

Although the Preakness is expected to attract the maximum number of horses
allowed (14) to compete for the middle jewel of the Triple Crown, there will be
room this time for Sway Away with sixth-place Derby finisher Santiva pulling
out.

"Being 21st on the money list for the Kentucky Derby was not very exciting,"
said Philip Lebherz, one of Sway Away's owners.

Lebherz thinks the colt will show he is better than his fourth-place finish in
the Arkansas Derby, with Patrick Valenzuela aboard, would suggest. A switch to
jockey Garrett Gomez was made toward that end.

"I think P. Val moved too early in the Arkansas Derby and went after The Factor
thinking that if he got him, he'd have the race," Lebherz said. "We hope Garrett
can be more patient."

Sway Away, equipped with blinkers, worked 6 furlongs on a fast Churchill Downs
surface in 1:133/5 Saturday in Louisville.

"We put the blinkers on him for the first time in the Arkansas Derby, and
they've been on for all his works here to make him focus better," said Miguel
Carranza, assistant to trainer Jeff Bonde.

Gomez rode Sway Away to a runner-up finish in the San Vicente behind The Factor
and sixth place in the Rebel, both Grade 2 races, this season.

Major decision due: Owner Ahmed Zayat is expected to announce today whether
Kentucky Derby runner-up Nehro will compete in the Preakness or wait for the
Belmont Stakes on June 11 at New York's Belmont Park to make his next start.

Nehro breezed a half-mile in 504/5 seconds Monday over a sloppy track at
Churchill Downs. "He traveled well, seemed to come back from it well, and we're
very pleased with him," trainer Steve Asmussen said.

The Preakness would be the colt's fourth race in eight weeks. "He's done a lot
over a short period," Asmussen said. "I think you're trying to evaluate the
runs, the races themselves and how he's doing while trying to weigh the
opportunity ahead."

Dance City drills: Dance City has been described by some as trainer Todd
Pletcher's third-stringer after 2-year-old champion Uncle Mo and 12th-place
Kentucky Derby finisher Stay Thirsty. Pletcher does not care for that label.
"I'd say he could step up to first string in a hurry on Saturday," he said. "At
least that's what we're hoping for."

Dance City turned in a sharp workout Sunday that points to his readiness. Paired
with Gulfstream Park allowance winner Escort, he breezed 5 furlongs in 1:001/5
over a good Churchill Downs surface.

Dance City spotted Escort a half-length at the outset and finished 5 lengths in
front of him after a sharp move that was the fastest of 20 recorded at the
distance that morning. Dance City took fourth in the Arkansas Derby in his most
recent start.

Opportunity knocks: Trainer Kelly Breen's decision to skip the Preakness with
Ruler on Ice created an opening for Concealed Identity, winner of the recent
Federico Tesio Stakes on May 7.

Co-owner Linda Gaudet concedes the Maryland-bred gelding will be a long shot but
views it as a shot worth taking.

"We're realistic. We're shooting for the stars," she said. "But other than the
horses from the Derby, the 1-2-3-4 finishers that are coming, we're on the same
page with the other horses."

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Mark Zerof, US Presswire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                             August 24, 2014 Sunday

Sway bar isn't a superfluous part

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. E,1,999

LENGTH: 361 words


Dear Tom and Ray:

My stepson recently discovered something dangling under his 1997 Ford Escort
wagon. He took it to some mechanics, who looked underneath and found it to be
the rear sway bar. Their solution: Remove the sway bar, because it's not really
necessary. Not knowing any better, he took their advice. This does not sound
right to me. What do you think? -- Claude

RAY: If my brother removed every part that dangled off of his car, he'd have
nothing left but a steering wheel.

TOM: Actually, that's dangling, too.

RAY: It would have been better to reattach the anti-sway bar, Claude. The sway
bar is a thin metal bar that's attached to the undercarriage by a couple of
bushings on top, and then on each end it's attached by links to the wheel's
control arms. And as its name implies, it's there to keep the car from leaning
too much on turns -- which improves handling.

TOM: Removing it won't make the car unsafe to drive. In fact, anti-sway bars
were commonly optional equipment a decade ago. But without the sway bar, the car
will not handle and corner as well, or as comfortably for the driver and
passengers, and your son will have to get used to driving slower on turns.

RAY: I know it's hard to imagine that you can further compromise the handling of
a '97 Escort wagon, but you can.

TOM: Most often, when the sway bar fails, it's not because the bar itself has
broken; it's usually because one of the links that attach the bar to the control
arms has failed. Replacing a broken link with a new one probably costs $100 or
less. That's well worth fixing, in my opinion.

RAY: If he doesn't fix it, he'll probably have to spend that 100 bucks on
Dramamine for his passengers anyway.

TOM: So if the sway bar itself was intact, and if he still has the part they
removed, he can go to another mechanic and ask them to reattach it for him. It's
a five-minute job, and that's what we'd recommend.

Do you really need that truck if you only make one trip to the lumberyard per
year? Find out what kind of car NOT to get in Tom and Ray's pamphlet "Should I
Buy, Lease, or Steal My Next Car?" Send $4.75 (check or money order) to Next
Car, P.O. Box 536475, Orlando, FL 32853-6475.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WTG,Magazine


                Copyright 2014 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                           October 22, 2003 Wednesday

Hamas gets a Fulbright

BYLINE: DANIEL PIPES and ASAF ROMIROWSKY

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 729 words



HIGHLIGHT: The State Department is sponsoring and paying someone accused of
belonging to a group it itself has outlawed. Pipes is director of the Middle
East Forum and was vice- chairman of the Fulbright Board of Foreign Scholarships
in the early 1990s. Romirowsky is a research associate at the Forum.


The killing of three Americans by Palestinian terrorists in Gaza on October 15
had a bitterly ironic quality. The victims were security personnel protecting an
academic review committee en route to interview Palestinian applicants for the
Fulbright program, an academic exchange funded and run by the US government. The
three, in other words, were murdered by Palestinians while on a humanitarian
mission to help Palestinians.

But the irony runs deeper: According to the Israeli government, a current
Fulbright scholar from the West Bank "is known as an activist" in Hamas - one of
the terrorist groups suspected in the bombing.

Mustafa Abu Sway recently began teaching about Islam at Florida Atlantic
University (FAU) in Jupiter, Fla. Superficially, he appears to be prime
Fulbright material.

He has a PhD from Boston College, is an associate professor of philosophy and
Islamic studies at Al-Quds University in Jerusalem, has written two books on a
medieval Muslim thinker, and received an award from the Center for Theology and
the Natural Sciences in Berkeley, California. At FAU he teaches Introduction to
Islam and Islam and Modernity.

But when we inquired about Abu Sway, the Israeli government informed us of his
Hamas ties.

How can a person belonging to a group that possibly killed Fulbright-related
personnel himself receive a Fulbright award? Who duped the American taxpayer
into funding an alleged activist in a terrorist organization? Why had no one in
the Fulbright or FAU bureaucracies asked questions about Abu Sway's background?

J. William Fulbright, the Democratic senator from Arkansas, hoped that the
program named for him would "bring a little more knowledge, a little more
reason, and a little more compassion into world affairs and thereby to increase
the chance that nations will learn at last to live in peace and friendship."

In contrast, the highest priority of Hamas is to establish an Islamic Palestine
"from the Mediterranean Sea to the Jordan River" - in other words, a Palestine
that does away with Israel. (Abu Sway echoes this view when he states that
Palestinians need to "return to their homes from which they were uprooted in
1948.")

The Hamas goal would appear to be in direct contradiction to the Fulbright
program's spirit.

That the Department of State both administers the Fulbright program and has
listed Hamas as one of 36 foreign terrorist organizations adds a surreal quality
to this problem; the department is sponsoring and paying someone accused of
belonging to a group it itself has outlawed.

NOR IS Florida Atlantic blameless in this sordid affair. University officials
gushingly welcomed Abu Sway in a July 2003 press announcement (he "adds to our
diversity and strengthens our international studies program"). But when informed
of Abu Sway's ties to terrorism in early October, they kept mum, seemingly
wanting to avoid dealing with the issue.

This is precisely the wrong response. Both FAU and the Fulbright program must
urgently take two steps: investigate how they came to fund and employ someone
said to belong to a terrorist group; and get serious about instituting
antiterrorist measures to prevent a recurrence.

The Abu Sway outrage also points to another problem: the casual tolerance of
terrorist ties in the field of Middle East studies. Here are two other examples
of this phenomenon:

* The Springfield, Virginia-based United Association for Studies and Research
(UASR) was identified in 1993 as the political command of Hamas in the United
States by a convicted Hamas operative, Mohammed Abdel-Hamid Salah.

Nonetheless, UASR cosponsored a conference in 2000 with Georgetown University's
Center for Muslim-Christian Understanding. (Abu Sway himself graced this event
with a talk on "Islamic Movements in the Arab Muslim World.")

* Last February, a grand jury indicted three Middle East specialists associated
with the University of South Florida on charges of being "material supporters of
a foreign terrorist organization," namely, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad. Not
only did the Middle East studies establishment seem unperturbed by that
indictment but several professors rushed to defend the accused.

Abu Sway's Fulbright award presents another example of connections to Islamist
terrorism becoming acceptable and almost routine in Middle Eastern studies - one
reasons it is perhaps the most problematic of any academic field.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            April 30, 2005 Saturday

Thin condo's secret is in the ballast

BYLINE: W.D. LIGHTHALL, SPECIAL TO THE STAR

SECTION: CONDO LIVING; Pg. P11

LENGTH: 687 words


At 52 storeys high, One King West is one of the skinniest residential buildings
for its height in North America.

The combined condominium and hotel, now under construction at the corner of
Yonge and King Sts., has a height-to-width ratio of 11 to one. For every 11 feet
it rises, the tower is a mere one-foot wide.

With construction scheduled to finish in September, at its broadest point the
oval-shaped building is 45 feet in width, yet the roof is more than 500 feet
above ground.

"From an engineering perspective, it's extremely aggressive," says Harry
Stinson, whose company, Stinson Properties, is co-developing One King West with
David Mirvish.

"It's unprecedented for any residential building that we know of in Canada and
North America," Stinson says.

One engineering challenge with such a tall, skinny structure is addressing the
issue of building sway.

All tall buildings sway to some extent from the force of the wind.

The 102-storey Empire State Building in Manhattan was completed in 1930 and has
a maximum sway of a 1/4-inch off its centre, which was recorded in 130
mile-per-hour (209.2 kilometres) winds.

Stinson says with One King West, there's no technical or structural need to
reduce building sway; it's something done solely for the comfort of those who
will live in the building.

Not content with being the thinnest tall condo around, One King West is also the
first residential building in Toronto - and likely all of Canada - to use a
water-based system to control building sway.

It's called a tuned fluid damper. It's a technology for controlling building
sway that's common in Japan, but which has rarely been used in North America.

Essentially, it's a rooftop-ballast system consisting of 10 large water tanks
sitting on the 52nd storey of One King West. Each tank is two metres high and
holds 1,000 gallons of water.

The individual tanks work together as a whole and their combined weight will
give the building greater resistance to the force of the wind.

"It's the simplest concept in the world," says James Rasor, job captain on One
King West for building designer Stanford Downey Architect Ltd.

"The water actually acts as a counter balance for the whole building."

Rasor explains that on a day when the wind is blowing from the northwest, One
King West will sway slightly to the east.

As the building sways to the east, the water in the tanks starts flowing in that
direction. When the building reaches the maximum it will move from its centre,
it begins to sway back to the west.

"It's like a tree, the building will return to its centre," Rasor says.

And as the building goes back to its centre, it feels the effects of the water
still going east.

"The water moves against the momentum of the building," Rasor says. "The action
of the water against the building sway slows the speed and amount the building
sways."

Rasor says since One King West was topped off in mid July, engineers have
recorded a sway of about a 1/4-inch from the building's centre.

Stinson says the point of the damper system is to "reduce the speed of the sway
to the point where it's not really perceptible. A building of this height will
sway. But because of the design and mass of the building, the sway will be very
slow."

As one of the thinnest freestanding structures for its height on the continent,
One King West requires an extraordinarily strong, and thick, concrete structural
system.

Construction required pouring 22,500 cubic metres of concrete reinforced with
3,100 metric tonnes of steel (rebar).

The foundation reaches five storeys below street level and is anchored by
hundreds of reinforced steel rods drilled into the bedrock and sealed in place
with concrete.

Above street level, the exterior concrete walls for the first one third of the
building are 600 millimetres thick, the walls forming the tower's middle section
are 500 millimetres thick and for its upper third, 400 millimetres thick.

"The walls in this building are at least twice the thickness of a 40-storey
building," Stinson says.

"The walls are built like Fort Knox. It's an enormously heavy building. The
weight is critical to its stability."How it's Built

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Richard Lautens PHOTOS TORONTO STAR Job captain Jim Rasor looks into
one of the 10 water tanks on the roof of the One King West condo. It's the first
residential building in Toronto to use a water-based system to control building
sway. One King West has a height-to-width ratio of 11 to one. For every 11 feet
it rises, the tower is a mere one-foot wide. It's one of the skinniest
residential buildings for its height in North America.Richard Lautens PHOTOS
TORONTO STAR Job captain Jim Rasor looks into one of the 10 water tanks on the
roof of the One King West condo. It's the first residential building in Toronto
to use a water-based system to control building sway.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2005 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              14 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 19, 2009 Thursday

Sway gets you in the know

BYLINE: Brian Dukes, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 719 words


Mar. 19--MTV News personality Sway Calloway is normally the one who asks
questions.

But when he hosts the Get in the Know summit at Fayetteville State University
this Saturday, he hopes the audience will turn the tables and ask him the
questions.

"The summit will take a look at how hip-hop, fashion, sex and many other things
impacts the African-American community," said Calloway, who is better known by
his first name of Sway. "I really hope people take advantage and bring some
questions."

Sway will act as host and moderator for the summit, which is officially called
"Fashion, Sex, Hip-Hop, & You: Get in the Know." It is at Seabrook Auditorium at
2 p.m.

The program is being presented by FSU's Student Government Association and will
feature a diverse group of panelists, including rappers Doug "E" Fresh and Lil
Scrappy, actor and comedian Affion Crockett, and motivational speakers Jawar,
Dawnyale Foster and David Camps.

"We really hope to raise social awareness about how hip-hop influences different
facets of life," said James Jefferson, president of FSU's SGA. "From clothes to
politics, how we interact with the opposite sex, and consumerism, hip-hop
touches all these things."

Jefferson said the panelists will tackle these topics and more, including how
blacks are portrayed in the media.

"It's unfortunate, but some people -- even many African-Americans -- believe all
the things they see in rap videos and video games," said Jefferson. "We want
people to realize we have more to offer society, and we have a responsibility to
become productive citizens."

That's not to say, however, that the summit will be all talk and no action. The
event will also feature a live DJ, a fashion show and a video presentation of
hip-hop's history.

Sway said he looks forward to participating in summits such as this one because
he gets a chance to share his story and have a positive effect on people's
lives. He has been a radio and video personality, hip-hop artist and record
producer since the mid-'90s.

"I learned very quickly that what you say on the air can help people learn,"
Sway said. "I grew up in a low-income environment, but I worked hard and broke
out. I want to enlighten and uplift so I can help others do the same."

Sway said he has participated in similar summits but has seen them degenerate
into depressing dissertations on the dismal state of hip-hop. He said it's hard
not to focus on the negative aspects of hip-hop, but that the industry is still
undergoing a metamorphosis.

"Hip-hop is transforming and growing; it's still learning," Sway said. "It's
important for us -- inside and out of the industry -- to create a dialogue where
we can talk about hip-hop and how it influences our global society."

Sway said he hopes to talk directly to the group of people he and his MTV
colleagues refer to as "Generation P." The "P" stands for producers.

"The kids watching MTV today, they're all producers on MySpace, YouTube, etc.,"
Sway said. "That's why we call them 'Generation P,' and that's why we know we
can learn a lot from them."

And one of the biggest challenges facing this generation, Sway said, is the
imploding job market.

"It's scary for them. They've been told to do their best and a job would be
there, but it's not," said Sway. "It's more important than ever that they learn
to improvise and think outside the box."

Jefferson said he is proud of the SGA for putting together this event and for
their work throughout the year to foster an intellectual atmosphere on campus.

"Our SGA has done a great job of doing so much more than just entertaining our
students," Jefferson said.

Staff writer Brian Dukes can be reached at dukesb@fayobserver.com or 486-3523.

Fashion, Sex, Hip Hop, & You: Get in the Know Summit

When: Saturday, 2 p.m.; doors open at 1:30 p.m.

Where: Seabrook Auditorium, Fayetteville State University campus

Admission: Free

Information: Call 672- 1707.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090319-FY-Sway-gets-you-in-the-know-0319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2009 The Fayetteville Observer


                              15 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                               Sway-A-Way , Inc.

                        9555 Owensmouth Avenue  Suite 9
                             Chatsworth,  CA 91311
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (818) 700-9712
FAX: (818) 700-0947
URL: www.swayaway.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Sway-A-Way is a leading manufacturer of off road, street, truck, and circle
track suspension and driveline components. Applications include Off Road
racecars and trucks, Rock Crawlers, Performance Street cars, Prerunners, Sand
Buggies, Sprint Cars, Dirt Modifieds, and NASCAR Cup cars. Products include a
wide variety of shocks, rugged axles and torsion bars, sway bars, and hubs for
your application. Where ever you drive, Sway-A-Way has a quality suspension
product for you.  Sway-A-Way has a long history of winning and success in the
street, circle track, and the competitive off-road racing markets. From our
early days working with VW buggies to today's powerful trophy trucks,
sophisticated buggies, sprint cars, Cup cars, and high-tech rock crawlers, Sway
-A-Way offers cutting edge technology and a wider scope of applications than
ever before. Based on a heritage of hardcore racing, every Sway-A-Way product is
designed and manufactured to uncompromised levels of excellence.  For 39 years,
Sway-A-Way has been a leader in street, circle track, and off-road suspension
technology. We hope you allow us to maximize the performance of your vehicle's
suspension.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 7,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              16 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           January 30, 2014 Thursday

Rivet & Sway unveils 70s-inspired eyewear collection

SECTION: DEALERS; United States of America

LENGTH: 258 words



HIGHLIGHT: Rivet & Sway, the first online eyewear boutique to cater exclusively
to women, today unveiled the Chelsea Hall Collection featuring designs to
inspire women to view eyewear as the ultimate fashion accessory.


In addition to releasing five new optical styles, the Chelsea Hall Collection
includes a sunglass line, a first since Rivet & Sway launched in 2012.

"Chelsea Hall is inspired by the androgynous fashions of the 70s and by fearless
women like Gloria Steinem who broke every rule of style"

"Chelsea Hall is inspired by the androgynous fashions of the 70s and by fearless
women like Gloria Steinem who broke every rule of style," said Sarah Bryar, CEO
of Rivet & Sway. "This new collection is a testament to every woman who may have
struggled to find her voice, but acted powerfully once she found it. Each
Chelsea Hall frame exudes a rawness and boldness that reflects a strong woman
pursuing her vision."

The collection introduces 10 new frames women can experiment with: five optical
styles and, for the first time on Rivet & Sway, five sunglass styles. Frames in
the Chelsea Hall collection feature a warm palette of browns and blacks, with
pops of clear, red and teal, on strong yet feminine shapes.

The unveiling of the Chelsea Hall Collection comes on the heels of other recent
announcements from Rivet & Sway, including a new customer-friendly pricing
structure and a redesigned home-try-on package that allows women to choose five
frames to test at home. Each of these announcements aligns with the company's
core mission to inspire women to view eyewear as the ultimate fashion accessory.

The entire Rivet & Sway collection can be found online at www.rivetandsway.com,
or in Rivet & Sway's showroom in Pioneer Square or at Caruh Salon in North
Seattle.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     November 21, 2004 Sunday Home Edition

BOUND FOR IRAQ;
Lawrenceville infantry unit is training to fine edge for war duty

BYLINE: JOHN GHIRARDINI

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Gwinnett News; Pg. 1JJ

LENGTH: 910 words


Martin Sway, then 17, quick-marched to a National Guard recruiting station on
Sept. 12, 2001, with the image of the World Trade Center towers burned into his
brain.

The Lilburn resident was turned away because he was too young.

He went back and signed up as soon as the calendar said he could.

Three years later, Sway is preparing for war in Iraq.

The two-year guardsman is part of Lawrenceville-based Company A of the 121st
Infantry Regiment's 1st Battalion (Mechan- ized).

Pfc. Sway, a student at Georgia Military College in Milledgeville, was trained
to work in the Army's judge advocate general corps as a clerk, but he ended up
transferring to the infantry.

"I guess every battalion needs at least one JAG guy," he said with a laugh.

The smile disappeared as Sway began to think of the task at hand.

"I'm looking forward to going over there and coming back," he said. "I'm just
going to do my thing."

He said his parents, Maury and Sandy Sway, are in full support of his Guard
duty.

"They're scared, as any parents would be," he said.

The journey to Iraq has begun for Company A, a part of the 48th Infantry Brigade
of the Georgia Guard, which was activated this month.

The 154-man company, mostly citizen soldiers, some career military, is preparing
for deployment, drilling this weekend at battalion headquarters in Winder.

Some of the unit is displaced even farther afield: A detachment of about 33 men
is at Fort Stewart near Savannah with the company's 14 Bradley fighting
vehicles, said Capt. Michael Cannon, the company commander.

The units of the 48th will train to a fine edge in the States for several months
before deploying overseas, Cannon said.

"I'm very proud to be commander of this unit and of the men in it," he said.
"I'm confident we'll accomplish our mission."

In Winder, the troops busied themselves with the minutiae of getting a fighting
force to the field: inventory and paperwork.

Every piece of gear had to be located, accounted for, and, if necessary,
repaired or replaced. Soldiers filtered in and out of a room to fill out
insurance forms.

Army regulations require troops with dependents to have a plan in place for
their care while the soldiers are deployed, Cannon said.

A few took the opportunity to hone shooting skills at a state-of-the-art
simulator that even duplicates the recoil of various infantry weapons.

Though there wasn't much movie-style Army drilling in evidence, the soldiers ---
from battalion commander Lt. Col. Ben Sartain on down --- displayed a sense of
purpose their playful banter couldn't disguise.

The terrorist attacks of 2001 were the catalyst for Sgt. Timothy Burd of
Suwanee, a team leader in Company A and a two-year guardsman.

Burd, a divorced father of two daughters, served three years in the regular Army
during the 1980s. Part of the time he was stationed in South Korea, part of the
time in the Pentagon, he said.

He's looking forward to the deployment, he said.

"We're infantry. We go where we're told to go," he said. "We've got a job to
do."

He's concerned about his daughters, ages 11 and 12.

"Like any kids, they're afraid," he said. "They see things in the news."

Some of the soldiers had time during the day for "hip-pocket training" ---
sitting down and shooting the bull.

Another Suwanee resident, Spc. Brian Walker, 31, joined the Guard last year.

Walker is an Atlanta police recruit who has already served five years in the
Navy working in operations and intelligence.

"I put down the computer and grabbed a rifle," he said.

Walker and his wife, Julie, have been married eight years. They have a daughter,
Alexis, who will be 4 in December.

His wife "is very uneasy about the whole deployment thing," he said. "But she
understands it's a duty I have to perform."

His daughter has an idea that her father is going into harm's way, he said, but
couches it as only a child could.

"She sees [Iraq stories] on TV and knows that Daddy's going away to 'fight the
monsters,' " he said.

"Regardless of one's political outlook, in time of war we have to support the
troops and the loved ones back home, who in my opinion have the tougher job,"
Walker said.

The backbone of any army is the noncommissioned officer corps. In Company A,
Cannon can draw on the 30-year experience of 1st Sgt. Roffie Sheppard to keep
things running smoothly.

Sheppard has plenty of help.

Staff Sgt. Jim Brown III, 34, of Sandersville, is a stockbroker who has been in
the Guard eight years.

Brown, a photography nut, majored in art in college. He pulled two tours in
Kosovo and one in Macedonia during active-duty stints.

He briefly left the Guard, he said, but felt a powerful urge to return.

"The hardest thing was watching soldiers I trained being deployed without me,"
he said. His brokerage clients were unanimous in their support of his decision,
he said.

Brown attended North Georgia College, as did battalion commander Sartain.

One of his biggest challenges, he said, is making sure people aren't too
gung-ho.

He ran into that in Kosovo, he said, when some of his green, untested troops
just "wanted to kill someone --- until the first round was fired."

Still, Brown is confident of the outcome should his men come up against bad
guys.

"I'd put my soldiers against any I've commanded on active duty," he said.

* A version of this story may appear elsewhere in today's Journal-Constitution.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Spc. Brian Walker of Suwanee, an Atlanta police recruit, gets
acquainted with one of his new comrades-in-arms during a lunch break at the
National Guard Armory in Winder. / JESSICA MCGOWAN / Staff; Photo: Medical
platoon members perform drills at battalion headquarters in Winder in
preparation for their scheduled deployment to Iraq. / JESSICA MCGOWAN / Staff;
Photo: Spc. Jody Vieau (left) makes sure that military vehicles are ready to do
their part. / JESSICA MCGOWAN / Staff; Photo: Staff Sgt. Jim Brown III of
Sandersville (above, right) is training troops for their mission. / JESSICA
MCGOWAN / Staff

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              18 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday

In game that 'sways seasons,' No. 10 Miami faces No. 23 FSU;
GAME OF THE WEEK#23 Florida State vs. #10 Miami

SECTION: ; Pg. CFBP5

LENGTH: 665 words


MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. - Jimbo Fisher has seen this scenario before.

A coach takes over a long-struggling program, more than a decade removed from
its most glorious days and is asked to resuscitate it quickly. And in that
coach's first season, a win over his team's biggest rival serves as that
springboard back to prominence.

That's what happened for Fisher and Florida State in 2010.

And that's what Mark Richt and Miami will try to repeat now.

The 10th-ranked Hurricanes (4-0, 1-0 Atlantic Coast Conference) host No. 23
Florida State (3-2, 0-2) on Saturday night, looking to snap a six-year losing
streak in the storied series and perhaps cement themselves as a true contender
in the ACC's Coastal Division.

"It's a huge game," Miami quarterback Brad Kaaya said. "It sways recruiting. It
sways fan bases. It sways seasons."

Richt has been part of this series as a Miami player and Florida State assistant
coach. He now gets a taste of it as a head coach for the first time, though is
trying to avoid the hyperbole that almost always accompanies the buildup to a
Miami-Florida State clash.

"What we need to do," Richt said, "is do our job the way we're being taught to
do it."

Florida State hasn't lost back-to-back games since 2011 - the Seminoles fell at
home to North Carolina last week on a field goal at the final horn - and needed
heroics from star running back Dalvin Cook to rally from fourth-quarter deficits
to beat the Hurricanes in each of the last two years.

"This is one of the games you came to Florida State to play in," said Cook, a
Miami native.

Florida State - widely touted as a national-title contender coming into the
season - is probably out of the ACC's Atlantic race already, though Fisher has
insisted there's plenty of meaningful football left to play.

"Miami is a very good team," Fisher said. "I don't know if they're Top 10, but
they're undefeated. Playing very well. ... We need to perform at a very high
level to have a chance to have success, and that's what our goal is and that's
what our intentions are."

Here's some of what to know going into Florida State-Miami:

Poll watch

Florida State's streak of 75 consecutive appearances in the AP Top 25 - the
second-longest current run behind Alabama's 137 - is in jeopardy. A loss almost
certainly would leave the Seminoles unranked for the first time since the Nov.
20, 2011 poll. A win would give Miami a chance at its highest ranking in 11
years; the Hurricanes went to No. 3 in 2005, and haven't been past No. 7 since.

Storm passes

The Miami area was minimally affected by Hurricane Matthew, which skirted past
the area before lashing much the coastline on the Atlantic side of Florida with
incredibly intense wind and rain Friday and leaving hundreds of thousands
without power. Florida State was able to fly south Friday morning, about a
half-day behind what the Seminoles originally scheduled.

Only two

Miami's Mark Walton and Joseph Yearby have touchdown rushes in all four
Hurricane games this season. They're the only FBS running-back duo in the
country with a TD run apiece in each of their team's games this season. Also,
Miami is one of two FBS schools to not trail yet this season, with Boise State
being the other.

Kaaya watch

There are two players since 2000 with multiple 300-yard passing games against
Florida State - and both are Miami quarterbacks. Ken Dorsey did it in 2000 and
2002, and Brad Kaaya has thrown for 316 and 405 in his first two outings,
respectively, against the Seminoles. Florida State gave up exactly 405 yards
passing last week as well, to North Carolina's Mitch Trubisky.

Drive for five

Florida State quarterback Deondre Francois will try to become the fifth
consecutive Seminole starter to win his debut game against Miami, joining
Christian Ponder (2008), EJ Manuel (2011), Jameis Winston (2013) and Everett
Golson (2015). The last Florida State quarterback to throw a touchdown pass in
his first start against Miami and lose was Chris Rix in 2001. Rix wound up going
0-5 against the Hurricanes.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              19 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                        May 27, 2013 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Rivet & Sway Invites Women to Experience the Joy of Specs

LENGTH: 784  words


New Delhi, May 27 -- Rivet & Sway is on a mission to change the way women feel
about and shop for glasses. As the only online eyewear experience of its kind
exclusively for women, Rivet & Sway's collection of frames was designed by a
team of women who, simply put, want to help ladies embrace the beauty, the fun,
the sexiness and joy of being bespectacled.



"A stylish pair of specs, whether your vision is perfect or not, can instantly
transform a look. Glasses are no longer something we need, they're an accessory
that we can't get enough of," said Sarah Bryar , Rivet & Sway's VP of Product
Development. "We believe eyewear is the new "it" accessory, and we're here to
make it as fun and easy to shop for glasses online as women do shoes or
handbags."

Based in Seattle and founded in late 2012, Rivet & Sway set out to flip the
traditional process of buying glasses on its head, making it simple, enjoyable
and even illuminating. The company's thoughtful designs, personalized styling
and purchasing process were created to offer time-strapped women a way to buy
boutique-quality glasses without the time and fuss spent going to an
optometrist's office and waiting for an appointment.

The Rivet & Sway eyewear shopping experience includes:

* Personal Styling: Customers have access to a personal stylist who offers
advice and customized frame recommendations from the collection.

* Quick Delivery: Rather than make multiple trips to the doctor's office and
spend weeks waiting for prescription lenses, customers receive home try-on kits
on their doorstep within two business days and prescription glasses in less than
a week.

* No surprises: Rivet & Sway's standard $199 price includes free shipping and
premium features such as ultra-thin "high index" lenses, 100% UV protection,
anti-glare and anti-scratch coatings.

* Worry-free shopping: Wrong fit? No problem. Rivet & Sway offers a
no-questions-asked return within 60 days of purchase.

Personal Stylist

With something as personal as glasses, Rivet & Sway knows there is no such thing
as a magical one-size-fits-all frame. That's why Rivet & Sway's online
experience mimics the personal experience of shopping at a favorite boutique.
Ritzy Ryciak, Rivet & Sway's Personal Stylist, offers free virtual styling
consultations and online tutorials that help guide shoppers to the perfect frame
based on face shape, frame size and color. She will even email customers
handpicked frame recommendations based on their facial features. It's rare for
online companies to have this type of personal interaction with customers and
someone devoted to one-on-one styling, but for Rivet & Sway it is essential and
something that sets it apart from the competition.

The Frames

From the rebel inspired Rizzo to the geek chic Je Ne Sais Quoi, Rivet & Sway's
24 frames come in colors, sizes and shapes designed to flatter women of all
types. Each frame is made with the highest quality, most durable acetate, beefy
barrel hinges and stainless steel rivets. Rivet & Sway is also constantly
listening to customer feedback and working to refine the collection. New styles
are in development and will be revealed in late summer/early fall.

"There is a world of difference between a pair of glasses you have to wear and a
pair of glasses you love to wear," said Ritzy Ryciak, Rivet & Sway's Personal
Stylist. "We want women who wear glasses to embrace their 'specs appeal'. The
trick is finding frames that reflect who you are and immediately give you that
added boost of confidence. It's all about finding those specific shapes, colors
and styles that bring out your best."

How It Works

For an accessory that is so definitive to a look, women spend surprisingly
little on updating their glasses (one new pair every 1-2 years), perhaps because
it's usually such a painful process. But personal style advice combined with
Rivet & Sway's risk-free at home try-on kits, make the process of buying glasses
as fun and easy as buying shoes, clothes or makeup, which by the way, according
to research collected by Bundle, women in top US cities spend upwards of $4,000
on annually.

Rivet & Sway's home try-on kits give shoppers three full days to test, pose and
ponder which frame is their favorite. Shoppers who email or tweet a picture of
themselves sporting their trial frames will even receive advice and feedback
from the Rivet & Sway team.

After returning the trial frames, customers who found their match can place a
prescription order online and expect their new frames within a week.

"Getting new specs is a chance to re-invent yourself, or at least your look,"
said Sarah. "Rivet & Sway encourages women to have fun, experiment, be bold and
ultimately feel more beautiful in glasses."

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 23, 2013 Saturday

The case of the broken sway bar

BYLINE: JAMES D. HALDERMAN

SECTION: WHEELS; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 285 words


Wheels: Edward D. writes by e-mail: "I have a friend who was told by a mechanic,
doing some repairs on my friend's car, a late model Chevy, that he had a broken
sway bar. It is broken at one end. Where is it located and is there any danger
of it shifting and doing damage to something else?"

Halderman: A sway bar is actually called a stabilizer bar or anti-sway bar. It

Suspension parts can break, such as this ball joint. A broken sway bar is not as
critical and the vehicle can be driven.

Photo by James Halderman

is a steel bar that runs across and underneath the vehicle and is attached to
the lower control arms on both sides. It is not unusual in Ohio and other
northern states for rust and corrosion to cause these bars to break, especially
at the end. The bar is kept in place by two stabilizer bar bushings in the
center of the vehicle so the bar should not fall or move. The broken ends could
touch when driving over rough pavement and make a loud noise. A stabilizer bar
is used to keep the vehicle from leaning while cornering. When broken it is not
able to perform this function, and therefore, could cause the vehicle to be
unstable at times. I suggest that this bar be replaced as soon as possible. All
suspension components have to be purchased new and cannot be purchased used from
a wrecking (recycling) yard. If a vehicle has been damaged, there could be
damage to the suspension parts that may not show up during a visual inspection,
so these parts cannot be sold for reuse.

Submit your questions to Halderman via e-mail at jim@jameshalderman.com or
follow him on Twitter @jameshalderman. Write him in care of: Wheels, Marketing
Publications Department, Dayton Daily News 1611 S Main St OH 45409

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              21 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    November 27, 2013 Wednesday 4:05 PM GMT

WATCH: Kanye West flips out in radio interview and compares himself to
Shakespeare;
The controversial rapper got cross. Like really, REALLY cross...

BYLINE: By Jess Wilson

SECTION: SHOWBIZ,CELEBRITY NEWS

LENGTH: 577 words


Kanye vs Sway

Now, now. Temper temper, Mr West.

There's really no need to get all hot and bothered like that is there?

The Yeezus singer,              who is known for his obnoxious attitude,
exploded with rage when he was questioned about his entry into the fashion world
by Shade 45 DJ, Sway Calloway.

"I'm standing up and i am telling you, 'I am Warhol!" Kanye screams at him,
raising his arm above his head intimidatingly.

"I. AM. THE. NUMBER. ONE. MOST. IMPACTFUL. ARTIST. OF. OUR GENERATION. I AM
SHAKESPEARE IN THE FLESH," Kanye roars (OK mate, nothing like modesty).

"Now who is going to stand up and let me create more?" KW continues. " Or do you
want to marginalise me until I'm out of my moment?"

"Or why don't you empower yourself and do it yourself?" Sway asks him.

"How Sway?" Kanye screams ( flip to 17.24 on the vid below, you can see his
whole body shaking with rage.)

"You ain't got the answers man," Kanye bellows viciously, over and over again.

"Come on, chill out bro," Sway soothes.

Kanye then starts sulking like a toddler and "turns up" on Sway.

"I ain't trying to disrespect you, period," Kanye goes on.

"I love you man, I'm sorry," Kanye says, after declaring that he's a slave to
Nike.

He spend the rest of the interview looking totally sour-faced and generally
peeved.

The controversial rapper              made waves when he spoke out about Kim K,
his power and baby North in another interview on Tuesday.

Speaking on 92.3 NOW radio,              Kim Kardashian's fiancekicked off his
passionate string of monologues by bragging about his frustration with the
fashion industry and calling for "everybody in New York City" to boycott Louis
Vuitton after they snubbed the star.

"While I was in Paris I wanted to meet the head of Louis Vuitton and he said, 'I
don't understand why we need to meet with you?' I said let me explain to you why
you need to meet with me.

"Everybody in New York City right now, don't buy any Louis Vuitton until after
January.

"Now do you wanna meet with me? Influence. They think that I don't realise my
power, they want to marginalise me."

The Bound 2 rapperalso explained why he's angry with Nike after they refused to
pay him royalties. "It's cool to be cool," he said, 'But people lining up for
the [Air] Yeezys and daddy not getting paid, there ain't going to be nothing for
North 10 years from now... and daddy ain't cool anymore."

Keen to cause more controversy, Kanye then said the Kardashians help make
America a better place on Washington's 95.5 WPGC station.

"A lot of what the Kardashians do, I don't think they get enough credit for what
they do.

"They prep America to accept interracial relationships. I'm not talking about
me, I can hop on a plane. I can date a white woman, I can date a black woman,
and no matter what they say in the barber shop don't matter, because I don't get
my hair cut there.

"For the people that do, though, there's a white woman that's getting talked
down to by her friends because she's dating a black guy.

"Now you've got a point of reference, that you can say, 'Well actually this
couple right here, that's dope.'"

In the same interview the new daddy went on to compare himself to Willy Wonka:
"I want to be as unrealistic as possible. The worst thing about me comparing
myself to Steve Jobs in that it's too realistic of an idea. What I need to stay
is I'm more like Willy Wonka."

We think maybe he's got a bit of a complex about being marginalised...

13 pictures of Kanye West's miserable face

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2013 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 2, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

F.Y.I.

BYLINE: By DANIEL B. SCHNEIDER

SECTION: Section 13; Page 2; Column 5; The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 707 words



Wind Breaker
Q. I've heard that the Citicorp building at 53d Street and Lexington Avenue has
some sort of giant concrete block on the roof to keep it from swaying too much
in strong winds. How does it work?

A. By sitting still. When the building sways in one direction, the 400-ton block
of reinforced concrete doesn't.

All very tall buildings sway in high winds. But the 914-foot Citicorp Center,
completed in 1978, was the first to employ a "tuned mass damper" to minimize
this sway, said a Citicorp spokesman, John M. Morris.

The idea was to place a large mass atop the building, allow it to remain
stationary while the building moves, and to convey this tendency to remain
still, or inertia, to the swaying building through connections to the structure.

The damper, which measures 30 feet by 30 feet by 8 1/2 feet, is housed with the
mechanical equipment in the building's angled crown, and is connected to the
building's walls by a system of pistons and spring mounts, Mr. Morris said. But
the damper itself is free to slide on a thin layer of oil. About 80 days a year,
when gusts are strong enough to sway the building, sensors feed the wind speed
and direction into a computer that controls the pistons.

The damper floats on the oil, essentially remaining still as the building moves
under it. The mechanism then pulls the building back toward its original
position. Then the pistons move the damper in the direction opposite the sway,
further stabilizing the building. The damping effect reduces the sway about 40
percent, Mr. Morris said.

The mechanism is "tuned" so the time required for the mass to complete its
movement is the same as that required for the building to go through a complete
swing.

The mechanical engineers for Citicorp Center were Joseph R. Loring & Associates,
and the structural engineers were LeMessurier Associates/ SCI and James
Ruderman. Mr. Morris said he knew of no other tuned mass dampers operating in
New York City.

Frosty the Soot Man

Q. When it snows, my children lift their little faces to the sky and stick out
their tongues to catch the falling flakes, just as I did as a boy. But I didn't
grow up in the Bronx. Is falling snow safe to eat in New York?

A. You couldn't keep a child from tasting snowflakes even if you wanted to, and
a few on the tongue won't hurt anyone. In fact, you might taste a few flakes
yourself.

But consumption of mittenfuls of city snow should probably not be encouraged,
according to the city's Department of Environmental Protection.

Snow is formed at an altitude of 5,000 to 15,000 feet, when water vapor freezes
around a speck of dust or dirt or other particle and ice crystals form, said
Todd Miner, a meteorologist at Pennsylvania State University. In cities, factory
and transportation exhaust are the primary sources of particulate matter, which
can include soot, dust and particles of iron, copper, nickel or lead. It is
possible, therefore, for a snowflake to "pick up" and transport soot and other
minute contaminants that may be suspended in the air, he said.

"These snowflakes tend to be a little bit dirtier than those you would find in
the country," said Mr. Miner, who admits that he enjoys a bit of the fresh stuff
himself on occasion. Just remember to keep the portions small. And as for the
stuff that's been on the ground for a few days . . . don't ask.

Coin Collection

Q. I sometimes see a man cleaning the reflecting pool in front of the Vivian
Beaumont Theater in Lincoln Center, and sweeping up all the coins tourists have
tossed in. What is the value of all those coins? Who gets the money?

A. "What the public donates, it gets right back," said Jerry A. Hastings,
director of operations for Lincoln Center's department of general services,
which maintains the plaza and fountain at the center of the complex and the
reflecting pool in front of the Beaumont. "The money is collected, cleaned and
deposited directly into an operating account used for maintenance and upkeep of
the plaza."

The fountain and pool are thoroughly cleaned, drained and swept every two
months, Mr. Hastings said, adding that the coins -- mostly pennies -- usually
total $50 to $100.   DANIEL B. SCHNEIDER

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Question

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              23 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Manila Times

                           January 18, 2006 Wednesday

CALIFORNIA DREAMING CAN WE SUPPORT ANOTHER FIL-AM IN AMERICAN IDOL?

BYLINE: Carmen C. Hernandez

LENGTH: 448 words


San Francisco, California: Can Pinoy texters do for "Sway" what they did for
Jasmine Trias of Hawaii? It's American Idol (AI) season again, and with the
finalists down to 24, the campaign is reportedly in full swing to support singer
Jose Penala-also to be called from now on by the one-syllable name, "Sway."

Young Sway, a Filipino American, is the lone Asian American who made it to the
American Idol top 24. He is from South San Francisco and is no stranger to
music-making, having been the lead singer of a local band called the DNH before
he formed his own group called 6th Day.

Beginning January 17 here, AI will present the contestants for judging every
week. When she vied for the search two years ago, Jasmine Trias received
overwhelming support from Filipino voters worldwide, especially from Filipino
Hawaiians. Jasmine's votes were so unbelievable that she managed to stay until
there were only three contestants left-she being one of them. Backers of Sway
hope fellow Pinoys will be just as generous to the Fil-Am hopeful. So, keep
those texts coming!

Speaking of Jasmine, she was with the delegation of 178 people who accompanied
Gov. Linda Lingle of Hawaii last week, on a goodwill trip to the Philippines.
The group, composed of business and government officials (and 18 entertainers)
were guests of Gov. Chavit Singson of Ilocos Sur, and Mayor Lito Atienza of
Manila.

k k k

Gawad Kalinga is getting additional funding from Ateneo alumni who are
organizing the Celebration of Love Gala dance on February 11 at the Sheraton
Gateway Hotel in Burlingame. Proceeds from the $60 a plate dinner-dance are
earmarked for Gawad Kalinga and Pathways to Higher Education. In December, Nora
Aunor performed at a huge fundraising concert for the benefit of Gawad.

Tickets are available from Ateneans Allan Isidro, Eggay Pineda, Rudy Follosco
and Jun-Jun Villegas.

On the other hand, St. Scholasticans held on Sunday their association's West
Coast post-Christmas party and centennial at the new Colma Community Center. The
alumnae collected old clothes, which would be brought to the Philippines for
needy families. Eva Cullen, Blessy Valera and Dada Tan were among the
organizers.

k k k

Mike Guingona is mayor of Daly City again this year (elected councilors
alternate as city chief executive). On the 109th death anniversary of Jose
Rizal, Guingona joined Consul General Weng Sanchez in leading activities held at
the consulate to remember the national hero. Mike presented Sanchez with a book
written by his great grandfather Apacible, who was a classmate of Dr. Rizal.
Francesca Regala, Jeremy Alfonso and Jessica Balanban recited Rizal's poem "A La
Juventud" in English, Spanish and Pilipino.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Arts/Entertainment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2006 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              24 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 4, 2013 Monday

Women learn to have their sway in weekend classes downtown

BYLINE: Vanessa McCray, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 528 words


March 04--Ask Helaine Rumaner what she loves about belly dancing, and the first
thing she mentions isn't the jangle of costumes or the sway of the hip.

The Toledo yoga instructor, sky diver, and belly dancer said she's drawn to the
Middle Eastern dance because of its "positive vibe." She appreciates the
supportive group of women who practice and perform belly dance and likes that
dancers of "all sizes and shapes" participate.

She started belly dancing about a year ago and joined roughly 40 dancers
Saturday who are attending classes this weekend in downtown Toledo.

"Some people do it because it's great exercise, and it makes you feel
beautiful," Ms. Rumaner said. "I started to do it as something to take up my
time in the winter."

Belly dancers from Michigan, Ohio, and Indiana spent Saturday learning from
dance teacher Cassandra Shore, the Minneapolis-based artistic director of the
Jawaahir Dance Co.

She returned to Toledo this weekend for the second time to lead a dance seminar,
which continues today with two classes at the Best Western Premier Grand Plaza
Hotel and Convention Center. Saturday events also were scheduled to feature an
evening cabaret show including local band Raq the Casbah, whose belly-dancing
member helped organize the activities.

Ms. Shore has a background in a variety of dance styles -- from jazz to ballet
to modern dance -- but found her rhythm in belly dance.

It appealed to her because of how the dance movements expressed the accompanying
music. She opened a dance school in 1978 and also travels to lead workshops.

"The good part is you can help people get more graceful [and] get more
comfortable with the movements," she said about teaching.

Belly dance has experienced several "boomlets" in recent decades, including
interest in the last five years sparked in part by response to the
fitness-workout program Zumba, which incorporates moves inspired by belly dance,
Ms. Shore said.

In between classes Saturday, dancers perused racks of sequined and colorful
costumes, which were arranged in a rainbow from apricot and iridescent lime to
teal and cotton-candy pink. Vendor tables offered medallions and other trims,
tambourines, and veils to tempt the dancers.

Lori Friedlis of Charlotte, Mich., and Cindy Maldonado of Haslett, Mich., both
belong to the Habibi Dancers, a Lansing troupe, and made the trip to Toledo for
the weekend seminars. Ms. Maldonado said she saw belly dance performed during a
festival and thought it was beautiful. She's been dancing for a total of about
six years.

"It's a blast, it really is," she said, adding that she likes the variety and
diversity of the dancers.

Ms. Friedlis said the dance is "empowering," and that the belly-dancing seminars
are a great opportunity to learn from another instructor.

"It really teaches you that everybody is beautiful," she said.

Those interested in taking today's classes can register before the 11 a.m. class
at the hotel, 444 N. Summit St.

The cost for today's seminar is $75.

Contact Vanessa McCray at: vmccray@theblade.com or 419-724-6065.

___ (c)2013 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130304-TO-Women-learn-to-have-their-sway
-in-weekend-classes-downtown-0304-20130304

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2013 The Blade


                              25 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 3, 2013 Sunday

Women learn to have their sway in weekend classes downtown

BYLINE: Vanessa McCray, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 528 words


March 03--Ask Helaine Rumaner what she loves about belly dancing, and the first
thing she mentions isn't the jangle of costumes or the sway of the hip.

The Toledo yoga instructor, sky diver, and belly dancer said she's drawn to the
Middle Eastern dance because of its "positive vibe." She appreciates the
supportive group of women who practice and perform belly dance and likes that
dancers of "all sizes and shapes" participate.

She started belly dancing about a year ago and joined roughly 40 dancers
Saturday who are attending classes this weekend in downtown Toledo.

"Some people do it because it's great exercise, and it makes you feel
beautiful," Ms. Rumaner said. "I started to do it as something to take up my
time in the winter."

Belly dancers from Michigan, Ohio, and Indiana spent Saturday learning from
dance teacher Cassandra Shore, the Minneapolis-based artistic director of the
Jawaahir Dance Co.

She returned to Toledo this weekend for the second time to lead a dance seminar,
which continues today with two classes at the Best Western Premier Grand Plaza
Hotel and Convention Center. Saturday events also were scheduled to feature an
evening cabaret show including local band Raq the Casbah, whose belly-dancing
member helped organize the activities.

Ms. Shore has a background in a variety of dance styles -- from jazz to ballet
to modern dance -- but found her rhythm in belly dance.

It appealed to her because of how the dance movements expressed the accompanying
music. She opened a dance school in 1978 and also travels to lead workshops.

"The good part is you can help people get more graceful [and] get more
comfortable with the movements," she said about teaching.

Belly dance has experienced several "boomlets" in recent decades, including
interest in the last five years sparked in part by response to the
fitness-workout program Zumba, which incorporates moves inspired by belly dance,
Ms. Shore said.

In between classes Saturday, dancers perused racks of sequined and colorful
costumes, which were arranged in a rainbow from apricot and iridescent lime to
teal and cotton-candy pink. Vendor tables offered medallions and other trims,
tambourines, and veils to tempt the dancers.

Lori Friedlis of Charlotte, Mich., and Cindy Maldonado of Haslett, Mich., both
belong to the Habibi Dancers, a Lansing troupe, and made the trip to Toledo for
the weekend seminars. Ms. Maldonado said she saw belly dance performed during a
festival and thought it was beautiful. She's been dancing for a total of about
six years.

"It's a blast, it really is," she said, adding that she likes the variety and
diversity of the dancers.

Ms. Friedlis said the dance is "empowering," and that the belly-dancing seminars
are a great opportunity to learn from another instructor.

"It really teaches you that everybody is beautiful," she said.

Those interested in taking today's classes can register before the 11 a.m. class
at the hotel, 444 N. Summit St.

The cost for today's seminar is $75.

Contact Vanessa McCray at: vmccray@theblade.com or 419-724-6065.

___ (c)2013 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130303-TO-HLT-Women-learn-to-have-their-sway
-in-weekend-classes-downtown-0303-20130303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2013 The Blade


                              26 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                              May 20, 2011 Friday

Sway Away has Humboldt connection: 1st time locals will have horse in Triple
Crown event

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 845 words


Neil Tarpey/The Times-Standard

"I've got this horse you might want to buy."

That's what thoroughbred horse trainer Jeff Bonde told Eureka's Cindy Olsen in
2010 about a 2-year-old colt named Sway Away.

Olsen, along with Glenn and Betty Wallace of McKinleyville, trusted Bonde's
judgment, having worked with him for years. They put up a combined $25,000 and
bought a 33 percent share of Sway Away. The majority owner, Philip Lebherz from
the San Francisco Bay Area, owns 45 percent.

The Humboldt County natives' trust was well-placed because on Saturday Sway Away
-- now a 3-year-old, and trained by Bonde -- will be one of 14 horses running in
the Preakness Stakes. The Preakness, the second leg in the Triple Crown of
Thoroughbred Racing, takes place at the Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore, with a
$1 million purse.

"When you're the little guy, you want to have that opportunity," said Olsen.
"This is such an honor and a dream come true. Since 1979 horse racing has been
my life, so we're so excited I just can't tell you."

Besides excitement, Olsen feels sadness. Jack Retzloff, her partner of over 40
years, passed away last Dec. 27.

"He (Retzloff) would have gone crazy about this," said Olsen. "Who would have
thought it would happen, and yet here we are."

Olsen and Retzloff bought horses and traveled to racetracks around the United
States. One of their big success stories was Mr. Double Down, who won the
$200,000 Hollywood Express Race in 1998.

Debbie Olson, Retzloff's daughter, is accompanying Olsen this weekend.

"Debbie will be representing Jack," said Olsen.

Olsen is one of the 21 members of the Humboldt County Fair Board, and is the
Chairman of nine-member Racing Committee for the Fair. She succeeded 25-year
member Irv Parlato in that position.

Her partners, the Wallaces, are also excited about their horse and their
opportunity.

"He has come to the top, to be one of only 14 horses," said Glenn. "It's a
pretty major event, so it's a once in a lifetime thing. It's pretty exciting for
a 77-year-old man."

Betty also noted that they are grateful to have Bonde as their trainer.

"We really appreciate our trainer," said Betty. "He's got a good eye for the
horses."

Olsen also expressed confidence in Bonde's style and experience, saying, "He's a
great guy, soft-spoken and knowledgeable."

Bonde, a resident of Pleasanton, Calif. his whole life, is well-respected in the
world of thoroughbred racing.

"He's a humble guy, I've known him my whole life. He works with horses 24 hours
a day, seven days a week," said Allen Aldrich, part of the three-man owners
syndicate who had seven horses at the 2010 Humboldt County Fair.

Bonde, who has been training thoroughbreds for 38 years, had his first horse run
in the Kentucky Derby earlier this month.

That horse, Twice the Appeal, with jockey Calvin Borel -- who has ridden three
of the last four Kentucky Derby winners -- finished 10th in the field of 19
entries.

"I've never seen a trainer with so much dedication. And, his connections all
over the country are amazing," added Aldrich, another Pleasanton native.

Sway Away had the lead at one point of the Arkansas Derby but finished fourth
under jockey Patrick Valenzuela. The horse was ready to run in the Kentucky
Derby but was denied a shot because he was ranked No. 21 on the graded-stakes
earnings list and the field was limited to 20.

In tomorrow's Preakness, Garrett Gomez -- who rode Sway Away to second in the
San Vicente on Feb. 20 at Santa Anita and who worked with the horse during the
winter -- will replace Valenzuela, and the thoroughbred will wear blinkers.

Blinkers are used not only to minimize distractions, but "to give more speed to
your horse," said Aldrich.

Aldrich noted that Sway Away may be well-suited for Pimlico, because it's the
shortest distance -- 1 3-16 miles (1.91 km) -- of the three Triple Crown events.

By comparison, the Kentucky Derby, run at Churchill Downs in Lexington, Ky., is
1 1-4 miles (2.01 km), and the Belmont Stakes, run at Belmont Park in Elmont,
N.Y., is 1 1-2 miles (2.41 km.).

Pimlico is known for its tight turns and presents a challenge for the jockey to
be patient and make a move at the right time.

Sway Away will start from the No. 6 post position. The betting odds, as of late
Thursday, were 15-1. Two other horses had the same 15-1 odds, five other horse
had better odds, and six others were longer shots. Television coverage starts at
1:30 p.m. PST, and post time will be approximately 3:05 p.m. PST.

Finally, of serious note is Sway Away's famous bloodline.

His sire, Afleet Alex, won both the Preakness and the Belmont in 2005, and
showed third in the Kentucky Derby.

His dam, Seattle Shimmer, had a famous sire -- Seattle Slew -- who won the
Triple Crown in 1977.

Whatever happens Saturday, Olsen and the Wallaces will have the thrill of a
lifetime.

"When the race starts it'll be like the bottom of the ninth, bases loaded, two
outs, and a 3-2 count," said Stuart Titus, General Manager/Director of Racing
for the Humboldt County Fair. "It's just got be to so exciting, and we're
hopefully thinking for a positive outcome."

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                              May 20, 2008 Tuesday

Pounding heart? You may be in danger or in love

BYLINE: Daphne Gordon, Toronto Star

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. L01

LENGTH: 502 words


Ladies, if you think men don't make sense, you're right. They're totally
irrational.

But if you believe the argument behind Sway: The Irresistible Pull of Irrational
Behavior, there's one sure way get a date with a hot (though irrational) guy:
Stand at the end of a rope bridge and give him your phone number.

It's because people are more likely to fall in love when they're scared, says
Ori Brafman who, with brother Rom, wrote Sway, in stores June 3.

Brafman, already known for his business book The Starfish and the Spider, paired
with his brother, a psychologist, to explain how and why we (yes, that includes
us women) do things that make no sense.

Q: Why are people more likely to fall in love when there's danger involved?

A: There was some great research done on this topic, and it happened in
Vancouver.

Researchers set up a woman at the edge of two different bridges: a rope bridge
and a wooden bridge. She stopped people as they were coming off the bridges and
said she was doing a study about nature and creativity or something, and if you
have any questions, give me a call.

What happened was, overwhelmingly, the guys who crossed the rope bridge were
much more likely to call her than the guys who crossed the wooden bridge. It's
because when you're crossing a rope bridge, you're perspiring, your heart is
beating fast, you're nervous - same as falling in love.

So that feeling that the guys were having after the rope bridge, they put it on
the research assistant. The guys saw her and were smitten.

Q: What about psychological thrill?

A: The same thing applies. Your heart rate starts going up at a scary movie.
There's a biological and psychological link there. The fact that your heart is
racing is more likely to make you go on a date with a guy than, say, if you were
sitting in a very relaxed yoga pose.

Q: Are you ever irrational?

A: Oh, absolutely. All the time.

Q: What's your romantic situation?

A: I'm married with two cats.

Q: Does your irrational behaviour affect your relationships?

A: Sure, yes. There's a college in Boston that's identified that in every group,
people will take one of four roles.

The first role is initiator. They say things like, "Let's rent a boat and go
around the world!"

The other role is a blocker, who says, "Nope, bad idea. Let's not go. It's too
expensive."

The third role is a supporter, who would side with either side, saying: "Yeah,
we should do that!" or "No, we shouldn't do that."

The fourth role is the observer, who says, "It looks like we're having a debate
about whether to do this."

I take on the role of initiator or supporter, and my wife tends to take on
blocker or observer.

A lot of the time we look at people who are blockers and we don't want them in
the equation. But ... without them, some really terrible things can happen.

With my wife, I always have these ideas. "Let's take a car trip!"

She's like, "We can't."

I say, "Why not?"

She says, "Well, you have a deadline tomorrow."

Q: And with your brother?

A: When we're writing, I'm like: "Don't be a blocker!"

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Psychologist Rom Brafman pitched in with brother Ori on Sway. Ori
Brafman who wrote Sway with brother Ram, above.Ori Brafman who wrote Sway with
brother Ram, above.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2008 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              28 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday

SPORTSLINE

BYLINE: Edited by USA TODAY Sports staff

SECTION: ; Pg. ZS1

LENGTH: 264 words


" FIRST WORD

IT'S A HUGE GAME. IT

SWAYS RECRUITING. IT SWAYS FAN BASES. IT SWAYS SEASONS."

Miami (Fla.) quarterback Brad Kaaya on the No. 10 Hurricanes' Atlantic Coast
Conference game against No. 21 Florida State on Saturday (8 p.m. ET, ABC). The
Seminoles have won the last six meetings in the series.

MAGIC NUMBER

767

Tiger Woods' world ranking as he gets set to return to competitive golf at next
week's Safeway Open in Napa, Calif. The 14-time major winner, who once spent a
record 281 consecutive weeks at No. 1, last played Aug. 23, 2015, in the Wyndham
Championship.

SECOND MAGIC NUMBER

$642 million

Total amount of the contracts for three of the starting pitchers in Friday's MLB
playoff games, according to ESPN: the Red Sox's David Price ($217 million), the
Dodgers' Clayton Kershaw ($215 million) and the Nationals' Max Scherzer ($210
million). Those are the three largest contracts ever given to pitchers.

ALMOST LAST WORD

"WHEN THEY STARTED TALKING ABOUT PUTTING UP A BUILDING, I STARTED LAUGHING. I
SAID, 'I WON'T BE ALIVE WHEN THEY PUT A BUILDING UP.' "

Former Georgetown basketball coach John Thompson, 75, on the $61 million John R.
Thompson Jr. Intercollegiate Athletic Center, a state-of-the-art practice
facility unveiled on campus this week in Washington.

LAST WORD

"LION AGAINST LION, DOG AGAINST DOG, BEAST AGAINST BEAST. HIS WILL IMPOSED UPON
MINE, MINE IMPOSED UPON HIS. ... IT WAS FUN, AND IT WAS DEFINITELY CHALLENGING."

Cornerback Josh Norman on practicing against receiver Steve Smith Sr. when both
were with the Panthers. Norman's Redskins play Smith's Ravens on Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              29 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

He plays the good guys on stage

                               September 8, 1999

Suzanne Sng


OPERA STAR

Such roles contribute to his popularity, says opera singer Man Chin Sway, who
will retire next year and move to live in Los Angeles

ONE of the most popular and enduring Cantonese opera singers, Man Chin Sway has
spent the greater half of his life on stage. But the 56-year-old opera great
says he will retire next year and will no longer perform.

He also plans to move to the United States. With that, he will bring to a close
a long and successful stage career.

Man, who has his own opera troupe Fu Wing Wah in Hongkong, has been involved in
the art form for almost 47 years. Born Wong Fu Wah, he took on the stage name of
Man Chin Sway to emulate his uncle, a well-respected opera artiste called Wong
Chin Sway.

With an uncle and both parents opera singers, Man began basic training with an
opera troupe at the young age of nine, learning how to sing and somersault. The
Guangzhou-born actor made his first stage appearance when he was 14 and was
hailed as a shen tong or child prodigy.

"When I was young, my parents controlled and forced me to learn," he said in a
mixture of Cantonese and Mandarin, plus a smattering of English phrases picked
up during his visits to his two sons in America.

Of his life-long passion for Cantonese opera, he said: "At first, it wasn't
interest. It was obedience. As time went on, it became a career. I needed to
take care of my parents and I needed to perform to survive. And slowly, the
interest grew."

He added in an interview over lunch on Monday at the Crystal Jade Palace
Restaurant: "When you go on stage and hear the applause and see the audience,
you feel a sense of excitement and accomplishment."

The actor spoke in a firm and confident voice, assured that because of his
status, every word he said was being noted. From the specially-prepared menu to
the front-row tickets for his show that he conjured with one phone call, he gave
every indication of being a star.

But there was not a hint of arrogance. He dressed simply for the interview, in a
checked shirt and jeans. He thanked the chef profusely for the wonderful meal.
And he attributed his superstar status modestly to the fact that he usually
plays lead characters, who are the good guys. That, he said, "endears me to the
audience".

He does not even consider himself a success, despite an illustrious recording
career. In the days before digital technology, he had recorded over 300 albums
on cassette. In recent years, the hardworking artiste had cut another 10 albums
on CD, and performed in four VCDs and two LDs.

"Every morning, when I was young, I trained for two hours," he said. "Even now,
I still practise. You need to continually practise to maintain your standards."

With a wry smile to his wife, Leung Siu Sum, 51, who often performs with him as
a hua dan (lead female role), he added: "Life as an actor is very, very tough.
It is tiring on the body and the mind. And there is pressure to please the
audience."

After a break of 27 years, Man is back in Singapore. Together with his wife, he
was brought in by Singapore's Flying Eagle Hongkong Cantonese Opera Troupe to
perform at the Kreta Ayer People's Theatre till Sept 16. Somersaulting and
singing on stage together with them are 53 members of the Shun Tuck Cantonese
Opera Troupe from Guangzhou, China.

This could be one of the last times Singaporean audiences can catch this
Cantonese opera great in all his glory on stage. By the end of next year, he
will be in Los Angeles with his two sons. He and his wife have been American
citizens since 1992.

"My sons say it is too tough on us old folks and we should take a rest now. But
I won't be bored, I will be teaching Cantonese opera there. It is for fun, for
the amateurs," he said with a fatherly smile.

"I won't perform on stage any more after I retire," he said without a tinge of
regret. "I want to leave a good impression forever."

SECTION: Life; Life!; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 911 words

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Last chance for fans to catch this opera great in action. (Page L1);
Often performing together are Guangzhou-born Man Chin Sway and his wife Leung
Siu Sum. (Page L8)

                 Copyright 1999 The Straits Times Press Limited


                              30 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                              June 9, 2013 Sunday

The Sway

BYLINE: Payal Uttam

SECTION: MAGAZINE; Behind the label; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 230 words


Who started it? Australian-born designer Belinda Pasqua founded The Sway three
years ago in Brooklyn, New York, in the United States. After studying art and
fashion in Florence, Italy, and designing swimwear in Sydney, Australia, she
moved to New York to work with corporate giant Li & Fung. Disillusioned with the
waste she saw in the industry, she struck out on her own. Taking an eco-friendly
approach, she uses salvaged leather to create sustainable handbags and jackets.
Celebrity fans include singer Santigold and actress Amber Valletta.

Why we love it: inspired by 1970s biker gangs in Los Angeles and New York, The
Sway's looks are timed perfectly with the punk mood dominating runways today.
From studded jackets to fringed clutches, the label has a laid-back, rebellious
spirit. Pasqua's signature motif is a triangle patchwork design that makes
clever use of leather cutoffs. Produced in a motorcycle accessories factory in
Pakistan, everything is lined with 100 per cent recycled cotton.

What we'd recommend: Pasqua's classic design, the form-fitting, cropped Byron
jacket (right; HK$4,263). For something a little bolder, there's the Bondi biker
jacket (above right; HK$8,500), with its quilted geometric pattern overlaid with
studs.

Where can you get it? The Sway is available at Hong Kong-based eco-boutique A
Boy Named Sue (aboynamedsue.co) and www.theswaynyc.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                      January 5, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Colony Starwood Homes Announces Closing of $7.7 Billion Merger of Starwood
Waypoint Residential Trust with Colony American Homes, Creating Premier
Single-Family REIT

LENGTH: 851  words


Jan. 5 -- Colony Starwood Homes (NYSE:SFR) (the "Company"), a leading
single-family rental real estate investment trust ("REIT"), today announced the
completion of the merger between Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust ("SWAY")
and Colony American Homes ("CAH") and the internalization of SWAY's manager,
forming a combined company with a combined asset value of approximately $7.7
billion. The merger and the internalization were approved by SWAY's shareholders
at a meeting held on December 17, 2015. In connection with the merger, SWAY has
been renamed Colony Starwood Homes and will trade under the ticker symbol "SFR"
on the New York Stock Exchange effective January 6, 2016. The Company will
maintain its existing "Waypoint Homes" consumer brand.

Barry Sternlicht, Co-Chairman of the Company's Board of Trustees (the "Board"),
said, "This transformative merger establishes Colony Starwood Homes as the
premier single-family REIT, with the scale, balance sheet strength and operating
capability to seek to deliver industry-leading returns on equity, supported by a
stable and growing dividend, to our shareholders in the coming years."

Thomas J. Barrack, Jr., Co-Chairman of the Board, added, "By combining these two
leading organizations, with over 30,000 homes concentrated in our top 10
markets, we expect to unlock the strategic and operational benefits envisioned
when we structured this transaction."

"We have been making significant progress on our integration," said Fred Tuomi,
Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") of Colony Starwood Homes. "We now expect to
achieve 70% of the estimated $50 million projected run-rate synergies by the end
of the first quarter 2016. This pace of cost savings is well ahead of our
initial expectations and reflects the dedication and hard work of our entire
organization. The combined company is especially well positioned to drive
operational efficiencies, with the strongest portfolio density in the sector and
approximately 90% of homes in our top 10 markets, and more than 2,700 homes in
each market. The Company owns approximately 9,000 homes in Florida, 5,700 in
Georgia, 5,000 in Texas, and over 3,600 in California, further illustrating our
unique market selection, scale and density."

Leadership and Organization

Fred Tuomi, formerly President and Chief Operating Officer ("COO") of CAH, is
the CEO of the Company and Arik Prawer, formerly Chief Financial Officer ("CFO")
of CAH, is the CFO of the Company. Charles Young, formerly COO of SWAY, remains
as COO of the Company.

Barry Sternlicht, CEO and Chairman of Starwood Capital Group and the former
Chairman of SWAY's board, along with Thomas J. Barrack, Jr., Executive Chairman
of Colony Capital and the former Chairman of CAH's board, are Co-Chairmen of the
Board. Richard Bronson, Michael Fascitelli, and Jeffrey Kelter will remain on
the Board as independent trustees. Robert Best, Thomas Knapp, John Steffens and
J. Ronald Terwilliger, all former directors of CAH, have joined the Board as
independent trustees. Thomas Bowers, COO at Starwood Capital Group, Justin
Chang, the former CEO of CAH and a former director of CAH, and Richard Saltzman,
the former Vice-Chairman of CAH's board, have also joined the Board.

Anticipated Synergies and Financial Reporting

The Company currently expects to achieve significant identified synergies of
approximately $50 million on a normalized annual basis resulting from operating
property-level and G&A cost savings and the internalization of SWAY's manager.
The Company now believes that it will achieve 70% of run-rate savings by end of
the first quarter 2016 and 100% realized by year-end 2017.

Due to the timing of the closing of the merger on January 5, 2016, the Company's
financial reporting for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 will consist of
SWAY's results and will not include CAH's results for any periods prior to the
closing of the merger.

Details of Transactions

In connection with the merger between SWAY and CAH, 64,869,526 common shares of
the Company were issued to the former CAH investors. Former CAH equityholders
hold approximately 59% of the Company's equity as a result of the merger, with
continuing SWAY shareholders holding approximately 35% of the Company and
Starwood Capital Group Global, L.P., the former owner of SWAY's manager, holding
approximately 6% of the Company, on a fully diluted basis.

Immediately prior to the completion of the merger, the Company internalized its
manager through the acquisition of SWAY Management LLC in exchange for the
issuance to Starwood Capital Group Global, L.P. of 6.4 million common units of
Colony Starwood Homes Partnership, L.P., which under certain circumstances are
redeemable for the Company's common shares on a one-for-one basis.

Advisors

SWAY was advised by Moelis & Company and Sidley Austin LLP. CAH was advised by
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP and Clifford
Chance US LLP as tax counsel to CAH. The Special Committee of the Board of
Trustees of SWAY was advised by Wells Fargo Securities and Wachtell, Lipton,
Rosen & Katz.

Source: Colony Starwood Homes

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 9, 1993, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

One Whitworth tip: Watch how we play on TV

BYLINE: Jerry Potter

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10C

LENGTH: 110 words


Kathy Whitworth had lots of answers, but one response was a bit unusual.

"One guy was so messed up that I finally told him just to watch the telecast of
the tournament on Saturday and Sunday, and he'd see what I was talking about,"
Whitworth said.

On the short game, she advised a symmetrical swing: "Keep the backswing and the
follow-through even on both sides."

Her advice for golfers who sway on their backswing: "A sway usually means you're
starting the swing with the body and not the club head."

If you can't stop swaying, keep the club head in line with your sway. "You can
sway all you want if you take the club head back with you."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

USA TODAY/LPGA HOTLINE

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              33 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 30, 2016 Sunday

Tawnie Logan's sway grows as political voice for Sonoma County pot producers

BYLINE: Julie Johnson, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 619 words


Oct. 30--Two decades ago, Californians voted to become the first state in the
nation to allow use of medical marijuana. A cannabis trade now worth billions of
dollars sprouted, linking growers in the famed Emerald Triangle and those closer
to home on the North Coast with dispensaries and consumers buying an ever wider
array of pot products.

Still, the drug remains illegal for recreational use, a prohibition that will
end if voters pass Proposition 64 on Nov. 8. While the measure leads in the
polls, with up to 60 percent of likely voters favoring approval, the pot
industry is deeply split, eyeing Colorado's experience and those of three other
West Coast states --  Oregon, Washington and Alaska -- where pot is legal.

Cannabis advocates, entrepreneurs and lawmakers from Sonoma County have stepped
into the debate, wrestling with how to promote, legitimize and govern a trade
with growing sway and impact on our lives.

Here, meet some of the people shaping the future of the marijuana industry on
the North Coast.

Two years ago, before Tawnie Logan became the political voice for Sonoma County
marijuana farmers, she was raising her two children in rural Santa Rosa, growing
marijuana in Mendocino County and working in sales for an organic fertilizer
company.

She regularly traveled for work to Colorado and Washington where a boom in
cannabis cultivation was in full force after voters in those states legalized
adult use.

Logan saw massive indoor marijuana farms with half-acre canopies and heavy
infrastructure for water, lighting and production.

"The amount of power and the amount of pesticides used in one day -- Colorado
wasn't ready for that," Logan said. "Then I'd come home to sleepy California,
all the country homes and my friends. There was no representation for farmers."

Logan doesn't want California's cannabis consumers, farmers and manufacturers to
be "crushed by corporate takeover," which is what she feels is happening in
Colorado.

"It's no longer about quality, it's about quantity and the bottom line," Logan
said.

The Sonoma County Growers Alliance, which she and two others founded last year,
today has about 200 members and a six-person board. The organization has
encouraged farmers, a long-secretive group, to come forward and demand state and
local laws include their interests.

"Dispensaries were the politically correct face of marijuana politics," Logan
said. "But farmers were the ones getting robbed and raided, being on the front
lines of producing for patients."

Logan believes Californians should demand marijuana legalization legislation
that encourages sustainable farming practices and discourages industrialization.

She said Proposition 64 would tax a small business or farm at the same rate as a
massive one, and taxes medical cannabis the same as recreational. Logan believes
it could worsen Sonoma County's housing crisis because the law would bar local
jurisdictions from banning personal cultivation, which means anyone can grow
marijuana in a residence.

"We need more housing available and not more gardens inside bedrooms," she said.

Logan doesn't think cannabis proponents would have to wait four years for
another voter initiative to legalize adult use. If Proposition 64 fails, "we
could see a bill introduced for adult use in January 2017," she said, noting the
state's Democratic Party backs adult use.

"I really hope it doesn't pass so we can make sure that we get this right,"
Logan said.

You can reach Staff Writer Julie Johnson at 707-521-5220 or
julie.johnson@pressdemocrat.com On Twitter @jjpressdem.

___ (c)2016 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161030-UR-Tawnie-Logan-s-sway
-grows-as-political-voice-for-Sonoma-County-pot-producers-1030-20161030

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2016 The Press Democrat


                              34 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                            February 25, 2011 Friday

BYLINE: Paul Ogden

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 157 words


SWAYS Label Launch

If there's anything Manchester music loves more than a new indie label, then
it's a new indie label with a blistering mission statement. A hearty welcome
then, to Salford-based independent SWAYS, a label which has generated as much
praise for its single-mindedness as their roster of superb acts. Committed to
championing, in their words, wayward art rock', and run by a shadowy label boss
known simply as The President, SWAYS clearly know the value of good theatre and
this weekend they deliver what should be a memorable opening act. Taking place
at The Castle, the SWAYS Label Launch Party marks the first single releases from
bands including Emperor Zero, Irk The River, and CityLife faves The Louche FC.
All those acts will be performing live, as will superb Manc new wave outfit The
Marder, whose acclaimed Men's Ruin EP was the first release put out by SWAYS
last year.

David Sue

Tomorrow, The Castle, Oldham Street, Free.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 25, 2008 Tuesday

Cincy film fest winner slated for Cannes;
Area filmmakers hoping to raise money to attend showing in France.

BYLINE: By Dave Larsen Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 249 words


DAYTON - "Held in Sway," winner of the 2007 Cincinnati 48 Hour Film Project, has
been selected to screen at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival.

Cannes is regarded as one of the most influential and prestigious film
festivals, along with Venice and Berlin. This year's event will be held May
14-25 in the French Riviera resort town of Cannes, France.

"Held in Sway" was produced by Mirepoix Pictures, a team comprised of Wright
State University alumni Amy Cunningham, Mike Dittiacur, John Mays and Cincinnati
filmmaker Russ Faust.

"It's pretty exciting," Mays said. "It's great validation for making short
films."

"Held in Sway" was produced in one weekend for the Cincinnati 48 Hour Film
Project, where it won best movie, directing, videography and musical score
honors. It is one of 10 short films from the 48 Hour Film Project to be shown at
Cannes.

"Held in Sway" was screened on Sept. 14, 2007, at the Neon theater in Dayton. It
can be viewed online at YouTube.com.

The filmmakers are attempting to raise the money to travel to France to attend
the festival. They are organizing a benefit concert and raffle event to be held
in late April.

Tax-deductible donations may be made to the Yellow Springs Arts Council, P.O.
Box 459, Yellow Springs, OH 45387. Please write Mirepoix Pictures in the memo
line.

For more information or to donate a prize item, contact Mirepoix Pictures at
mirepoixpix@yahoo.com or call John Mays at (937) 477-7312.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2419 or dlarsen@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              36 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            February 1, 2008 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

MIDDLETON MARKETING FIRM SWAY SOLD

BYLINE: By NICK HEYNEN nheynen@madison.com 608-252-6126

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 257 words


Cornerworld, a Dallas-based Internet company will buy Middleton-based Sway for
$30 million, the two firms announced yesterday.

Sway, a marketing company launched in 2005, employs 13 and will remain in
Middleton, said Jason Weaver, CEO and majority owner of the privately held
company.

"It's pretty exciting for our company because we get to stay headquartered in
Middleton and we get to expand our operation in Middleton," Weaver said.

He also expressed excitement that the deal includes further development of
Shoutlet, the company's flagship product. Shoutlet provides companies with
several advanced Web tools such as podcasting, Really Simple Syndication (RSS),
mobile phone text messaging (SMS), javascript widgets and the ability to easily
upload content to popular social networking sites like YouTube and Facebook.
Shoutlet is used by eBay, Sara Lee and Remington, among others. Sway has also
designed advertising campaigns for Wrigley and Miller Brewing. Weaver said Sway
had about $2 million in annual revenue last year.

Cornerworld's chief product, Cornerworld.com, provides independent media
creators with a way to individually price and distribute intellectual property
such as music, video and photography on the Internet. Scott Beck, cofounder and
CEO of Cornerworld, said he saw Shoutlet as a way for Cornerworld members to
achieve wider distribution of their material on the Web.

Cornerworld intends to complete the buying process by or before April 30,
according to Weaver. Cornerworld trades over the counter under the symbol CWRL.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 11, 2014 Monday

USPTO grants trade mark "CPT CRAWLER PROVEN TECHNOLOGY" to IH PARTS AMERICA INC.
(CALIFORNIA)

LENGTH: 258  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


IH PARTS AMERICA INC. (CALIFORNIA), has been granted trademark (4579194) titled
as "CPT CRAWLER PROVEN TECHNOLOGY" from the United States Patent and Trademark
Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 012. US 019 021 023 031 035 044. G & S: After-market automobile
parts, namely, ubolt plates, spring perches and shock mounts; reverse shackle
kits comprised of bolts, leaf spring shackle plates, leaf spring hangers, leaf
spring bushings and steel tubing; sway bar kits comprised of sway bar, sway bar
arms, sway bar links, sway bar bushings and link mounting tabs; Suspension
systems for vehicles, namely, motor vehicles; Land vehicle suspension
components, namely, springs, coilover systems comprised of a coil spring over a
suspension strut, shock absorbers, traction bars, sway bars and end links,
adjustable camber and toe kits, lower control arms, and spherical bearings; Land
vehicle suspension lift components, sold individually or in land vehicle
suspension lift kits, namely, suspension leaf springs, coil springs, leaf
springs, control arms, rod ends, sway bars, sway bar disconnects, sway bar
extensions, front trac arms, trac arm relocators, ball joints, bump stops,
steering stabilizers, link arms, cross members and idler arm supports, shock
absorbers, shock bracket extensions, struts, torsion keys, suspension blocks,
suspension u-bolts; Vehicle suspension lift kits primarily comprised of
suspension A-arms, coil springs, steering stabilizers, shock mounts, strut
mounts, sway bars and sway bar disconnects. FIRST USE: 20051101.

Filing

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 9, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Drive Edition

Sway Medical leaving shadow of 'the valley'

BYLINE: Scott Meacham

SECTION: BUSINESS; INNOVATION & ENTREPRENEURS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 508 words


Two years is a lifetime for an entrepreneur. In two years, it's guaranteed that
nearly everything about a startup company will change.

In two years, a young company can find itself stranded in the so-called "valley
of death" where about two-thirds of new companies falter and fail.

Or, in the same two years, the company can be among the other one-third of
startups, accomplishing critical milestones and moving the business toward
sustainability and growth.

Making milestones is the story of Sway Medical LLC of Tulsa, a software firm
that provides FDA-cleared, clinical grade mobile diagnostics.

i2E began working with Sway (formerly named Capacity Sports) more than two years
ago when founder and CEO Chase Curtiss, an entrepreneur and clinical exercise
physiologist, came to us with an innovative idea.

While earning his master's degree, Chase had run concussion testing for
athletes. The equipment was cumbersome, not easily accessible and required a
trained operator. Chase figured out a way to enable the sensors inside an iPhone
to measure and monitor a person's sense of balance, assessing the risk of
concussions in a significantly more timely and cost effective way.

We helped him develop his business plan and secure $50,000-plus in prototype
funding. Chase knew the market, found a solution that would scale and had a
mindset to bootstrap. We thought the business had a reasonable chance of
success.

What we didn't imagine was just how much progress this company would achieve in
less than 36 months.

Sway Medical has secured FDA-approval as a diagnostic tool and outcomes
measurement tool of multiple skeletal and neurological dysfunctions. The company
forged a strategic partnership with Impact Applications (the leading firm in
diagnosing concussions), has been featured in The Wall Street Journal and
secured $750K Series A funding, including $300K from i2E-managed OK Angel
Sidecar Fund.

Perhaps most significantly, Sway Medical expanded its target market from
athletic concussions to a much broader market with their balance tests, which
fits right into the accountable care direction for Medicare/Medicaid
reimbursable services.

"It's been an amazing two years," Chase said. "We are going to shift the way
these diagnostics are done. People have no idea what is possible."

Sway Medical is up to seven employees and growing. The Sway Balance application
goes on sale this month in the iTunes store.

It's amazing what a focused entrepreneur can accomplish in two years with a bit
of help. At i2E, it's why we do what we do.

Scott Meacham is president and CEO of i2E Inc., a nonprofit corporation that
mentors many of the state's technology-based startup companies. i2E receives
state appropriations from the Oklahoma Center for the Advancement of Science and
Technology. Contact Meacham at  i2E_Comments@i2E.org

DID YOU KNOW?

Football is the most common sport with concussion risk for males (75 percent
chance). Soccer is the most common sport with concussion risk for females (50
percent chance).

Source: Sports Concussion Institute


LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 15, 2011 Sunday

SWAY AWAY OFF TO PREAKNESS

BYLINE: FOUNTAINE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 385 words


Early on the Triple Crown trail, the bandwagon was building for the California
colt Sway Away after he finished a fast-closing second in the Feb. 20 San
Vicente, his first start in nearly seven months. But Sway Away ran sixth in the
Rebel on his first try going two turns, then fourth in the Arkansas Derby after
taking the lead in mid-stretch, and he fell just short of the earnings cutoff
for the Kentucky Derby's 20-horse field.

Now the son of 2005 Preakness winner Afleet Alex is looking to make up for that
lost opportunity when he takes on Derby winner Animal Kingdom in Saturday's
second jewel of the Triple Crown.

"Being 21st on the money list for the Derby was not very exciting," said
part-owner Philip Lebherz. "I think P. Val [jockey Patrick Valenzuela] moved too
early in the Arkansas Derby. We hope Garrett [Gomez, who rode Sway Away in the
San Vicente] can be more patient.

"He chipped a knee last summer in the Best Pal, we had to rush to get to the San
Vicente, and he was one work short. Jeff [Bonde, his trainer] has done a great
job, and we feel he is totally where he has to be."

Yesterday at Churchill Downs, Sway Away signaled his readiness by working six
furlongs in 1:13 3/5, galloping out seven in 1:27 1/5. Previously since shipping
to Churchill, he worked six furlongs in 1:14 on April 30 and in 1:11 3/5 on
Derby Day.

Derby runner-up Nehro now seems an iffy starter. Last Thursday, Ahmed Zayat, the
colt's owner, said he was leaning "51-50" to running in the Preakness rather
than waiting for the Belmont, as originally planned.

But yesterday Scott Blasi, assistant to trainer Steve Asmussen -  who has a
confirmed Preakness starter in Astrology -  put a damper on Nehro's trip to
Baltimore.

"He came out of the [Derby] well, but he's run three races in six weeks, and he
delivered for us in each of them," Blasi said. "Now we'd be asking him to come
back in just two weeks. It'll probably be a game-time decision."

At Keeneland yesterday, Flashpoint -  expected to help set the pace in the
Preakness -  worked five furlongs in 1:00 3/5, in company, for Wesley Ward, who
has replaced Rick Dutrow Jr. as the colt's trainer.

Santa Anita Derby winner Midnight Interlude, 15th in the Derby, is now listed as
probable for the Preakness. Santiva, sixth in the Derby, will not run.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 6, 2015 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Tuson RV Brakes, LLC (Illinois) on may 05, 2015 titled as
"Trailer sway detection and method for reducing trailer sway utilizing trailer
brakes"

LENGTH: 238  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 9,026,311, on
may 05, 2015, to Tuson RV Brakes, LLC (Illinois), titled as "Trailer sway
detection and method for reducing trailer sway utilizing trailer brakes"

Inventors:  Pieronek; Donald (Brookfield, WI), Hoogenakker; Alan (Urbandale, IA)

Assignee:  Tuson RV Brakes, LLC (Vernon Hills, IL)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "When
a trailer is pulled by a tow vehicle where the trailer begins to sway to the
left and right of the tow vehicle a large sway can result in loss of control of
the trailer and or tow vehicle. The field of the present invention is a system
and method of controlling a trailer sway which comprises determining the sway of
the trailer utilizing an electronic sensor and independently applying the left
and or right trailer brakes at varying levels to reduce trailer sway the
traditional single braking signal power from the tow vehicle is separated into
two independent braking signals for each of the left and right brakes. All
brakes are applied whenever the traditional braking signal goes active where
trailer battery power is utilized to independently activate the left and or
right brakes during trailer sway."

The patent was filed on March 13, 2013 Application no. 13/800,885

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            January 24, 2006 Tuesday

BYLINE: Chris Moon Capital-Journal

SECTION: A; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 550 words


Concern

for safety

resurrects bill

Bill returns

amid concern

for safety

Safety

concerns

give bill

new life

Push to require seats for kids gains sway despite past failures

Push to require seats for kids gains sway despite past failures

Concern for safety adds sway to new push

Latest push has sway of safety concerns

Increased concern for safety drives new push

Increase in safety concerns drives new push

By Chris Moon

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

It is a tough sell in a Legislature that is high on personal freedoms and wary
of big government.

But the booster seat advocates are back.

A hearing on a bill that would require children ages 4 through 7 to sit in
height-adjusting booster seats is slated for Wednesday in the House Judiciary
Committee.

Similar bills have failed in five previous years in the Statehouse.

But 32 states have enacted laws requiring booster seats, said Jan Stegelman,
director of Safe Kids Kansas.

"I think people are becoming more and more aware," she said.

Specifically, this year's measure says 4-year-olds who graduate from standard
child seats would be required to sit in booster seats until they are 8 years
old, weigh 80 pounds or are 4 feet, 9 inches in height.

Topeka resident Carisa Sims said she learned to put her 5-year-old daughter
Sydney in a booster seat through word-of-mouth. She had heard it was the safest
way to transport her daughter and figured it was required by law.

To hear the Legislature still was arguing over whether to make booster seats
mandatory was a surprise.

"I know there are people who don't," said Sims, a real estate agent. "I can't
imagine sticking a child in a car without a booster seat."

The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration recommends such children sit
in booster seats to keep them safer in the case of car crashes. For small
children, seat belts cut too close across their upper chest and neck and can
cause greater injury, said Cindy D'Ercole, senior policy analyst for Kansas
Action for Children.

"Seat belts are designed for adults," she said.

Opponents of the measure have questioned whether the government should be
telling parents what to do when it comes to protecting children.

"Sometimes it falls under that feeling of a mandate telling parents what to do,"
said Rep. Annie Kuether, D-Topeka, who voted against the proposal last year but
says she is in favor of it now. "I still feel that way, but it does save lives."

Rep. Steve Huebert, R-Valley Center, said the state should do more to educate
Kansans about booster seats but go no further than that.

"The piece I don't like is the punitive nature," he said. "Ultimately, that's
the government saying it cares more about your children than you do."

Child safety advocates are quick to note that putting safety recommendations
into statute increases use of child seats.

In Indiana, the state said 9 percent of 4- through 7-year-olds used booster
seats in 2003. But four months after a law requiring those children to use
booster seats passed in 2005, the usage rate jumped to 72 percent.

Chris Moon can be reached

at (785) 233-7470 or chris.moon@cjonline.com.

KELSEY KIMBERLIN/THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

Sydney Sims, 5, is buckled into her car seat. A House committee on Wednesday
will hold a hearing on a bill that would require children 4 to 7 years old to
sit in booster seats while riding in a vehicle.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The Topeka Capital-Journal


                              42 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            January 24, 2006 Tuesday

BYLINE: Chris Moon Capital-Journal

SECTION: A; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 550 words


Concern

for safety

resurrects bill

Bill returns

amid concern

for safety

Safety

concerns

give bill

new life

Push to require seats for kids gains sway despite past failures

Push to require seats for kids gains sway despite past failures

Concern for safety adds sway to new push

Latest push has sway of safety concerns

Increased concern for safety drives new push

Increase in safety concerns drives new push

By Chris Moon

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

It is a tough sell in a Legislature that is high on personal freedoms and wary
of big government.

But the booster seat advocates are back.

A hearing on a bill that would require children ages 4 through 7 to sit in
height-adjusting booster seats is slated for Wednesday in the House Judiciary
Committee.

Similar bills have failed in five previous years in the Statehouse.

But 32 states have enacted laws requiring booster seats, said Jan Stegelman,
director of Safe Kids Kansas.

"I think people are becoming more and more aware," she said.

Specifically, this year's measure says 4-year-olds who graduate from standard
child seats would be required to sit in booster seats until they are 8 years
old, weigh 80 pounds or are 4 feet, 9 inches in height.

Topeka resident Carisa Sims said she learned to put her 5-year-old daughter
Sydney in a booster seat through word-of-mouth. She had heard it was the safest
way to transport her daughter and figured it was required by law.

To hear the Legislature still was arguing over whether to make booster seats
mandatory was a surprise.

"I know there are people who don't," said Sims, a real estate agent. "I can't
imagine sticking a child in a car without a booster seat."

The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration recommends such children sit
in booster seats to keep them safer in the case of car crashes. For small
children, seat belts cut too close across their upper chest and neck and can
cause greater injury, said Cindy D'Ercole, senior policy analyst for Kansas
Action for Children.

"Seat belts are designed for adults," she said.

Opponents of the measure have questioned whether the government should be
telling parents what to do when it comes to protecting children.

"Sometimes it falls under that feeling of a mandate telling parents what to do,"
said Rep. Annie Kuether, D-Topeka, who voted against the proposal last year but
says she is in favor of it now. "I still feel that way, but it does save lives."

Rep. Steve Huebert, R-Valley Center, said the state should do more to educate
Kansans about booster seats but go no further than that.

"The piece I don't like is the punitive nature," he said. "Ultimately, that's
the government saying it cares more about your children than you do."

Child safety advocates are quick to note that putting safety recommendations
into statute increases use of child seats.

In Indiana, the state said 9 percent of 4- through 7-year-olds used booster
seats in 2003. But four months after a law requiring those children to use
booster seats passed in 2005, the usage rate jumped to 72 percent.

Chris Moon can be reached

at (785) 233-7470 or chris.moon@cjonline.com.

KELSEY KIMBERLIN/THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

Sydney Sims, 5, is buckled into her car seat. A House committee on Wednesday
will hold a hearing on a bill that would require children 4 to 7 years old to
sit in booster seats while riding in a vehicle.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The Topeka Capital-Journal


                              43 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                August 17, 2000

The Guide Thursday:THE BEST POLITENESS SCENE: GONE IN 60 SECONDS

SECTION: Guardian Features Pages, Pg. 19

LENGTH: 261 words


Long Beach. Legendary car thief Memphis Raines (Nicolas Cage), trying to save
his younger brother Kip from the attentions of a notorious crimelord, visits
former crew member Sway (Angelina Jolie) at the bar where she works. As Sway
collects glasses, Memphis briefs her on the situation.

"Kip's in trouble", he explains.

"In trouble?"

"He took a boost. And blew it."

Sway bites her lip.

"You've got some Italians?"

"Five or six."

"Right."

"There's 50 ladies in 24 hours. Dollars 200,000."

Sway hesitates for a moment.

"Well, I've cleaned up."

She walks way, returning behind the bar. Memphis follows her.

"I understand - I hate to even come here and ask"

A man at the bar tries to catch Sway's eye. "Ma'am, can I get that drink now
please?"

Trying to keep his temper, Memphis slams his palm on the bar.

"I had to ask a few of the others too, and I feel bad about it"

"But you had no choice. You had to ask."

"Pretty much."

Memphis turns to the anxious customer.

"I'm sorry."

"That's OK."

Sway pours the customer a drink.

"I'd love to help Kip but I'm not into the life anymore. She shakes her head.
Memphis smiles.

"That's a good thing. From the looks of things, you're doing well"

See also: My Fair Lady, Fight Club, Help!

Don't see also: Casino Royale ("That was no shark. That was my personal
submarine. But enough of this polite conversation.")

Pointless trivia: Jolie has the Tennessee Williams quote "A prayer for the wild
at heart, kept in cages" tattooed on her arm.


LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              44 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                   Sway-A-Way

                               9530 Cozycroft Ave
                             Chatsworth,  CA 91311
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 818-700-9712
URL: http://www.swayaway.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 5646790

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Sway-A-Way is a manufacturer focussed on Driveline Components, Drivelines,
Suspensions, Scopes, and 4 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise
Data. Sway-A-Way does business in the Agriculture, Automotive, and Biomedical
Industries, as well as 7 other major Manufacturing Industries. Sway-A-Way has at
least 2 business locations. The company describes itself via it's website
thusly: "Sway-A-Way manufacturers of high quality suspension components,
featuring RaceRunner Shocks and PowerBarz Torsion Bars, for VW, Circle Track,
Street and OEMt applications"
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; Motor Vehicle Parts and Accessories

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
44111000
SIC CODES:
37140000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Driveline Components
     ·    Drivelines
     ·    Suspensions


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Scopes


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Indium
     ·    Steel


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Buggies, Buttons, Calculators, Capes, Cloth, Coil Springs,
Dividers, Driveline Components, Drivelines, Filters, Flat Springs, Flats,
Hardware, Hubs, Indium, Jerseys, Lifts, Linkages, Lock Rings, Mailing Lists,
Mountings, Registers, Rings, Scopes, Seats, Speed Controls, Springs, Steel,
Street Cars, Suspensions, Tires, Torsion Bars, Transitions, Trophies

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              45 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                          September 30, 2010 Thursday
                                  Mich Edition

Battle of the bands

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 562 words


Penn, Concord, Goshen, Fairfield, Bremen and Plymouth are all taking
invitational victories into this year's Indiana State School Music Association
high school marching band season, which begins Saturday with district
competition.

Fairfield and Goshen took first-place titles in the Kingsmen Carnival of Bands
at Penn High School last Saturday. They were among 26 bands participating in the
event.

"This year's Kingsmen Carnival of Bands is the largest contest that we have
hosted in many years," said Penn band director Glenn Northern in an e-mail.

As the host band, Penn played in exhibition Saturday night. Penn had placed
first in Class A at the Crimson Marching Band Invitational in Goshen on Sept.
11.

"Our band's show is called 'Sway,'æ" Northern said. "It features many
outstanding senior soloists including Jennifer Jordan on clarinet. ? She
persuades (or sways) the entire band to sway from one musical style to another."

The music was written by John Meehan, who is from California.

"This is our first year to work with him, although he has written music for
marching bands for many years," Northern said.

Penn concluded last season with a sixth-place finish in Class A in ISSMA
competition and seventh in the evening finals show in the Bands of America
competition in Indianapolis.

Four other area bands made it to the ISSMA state finals last year.

Goshen finished ninth in Class A last year and, because of enrollment, is
competing in Class B this year. Along with the title at Penn, Goshen finished
first in Class B at the Concord Invitational.

Concord finished fifth in Class B last year and Northridge finished eighth. This
year, Concord placed first at the Goshen Invitational.

Fairfield finished seventh in Class C in 2009.

Plymouth also is competing in Class C this year and placed first at the Goshen
and Concord invitationals. Bremen, a Class D band, was uncontested at Goshen.

South Bend's Riley and Clay performed in the festival class at Penn. Riley
received the best music award.

The ISSMA marching band district competition is Saturday at various sites around
the state.

Performances of area bands include:

At Concord High School

Class D: Bremen, 11 a.m.

Class C: NorthWood, 11:13 a.m.; John Glenn, 11:26 a.m.; Fairfield, 11:52 a.m.;
Wawasee, 12:05 p.m.; Plymouth, 12:18 p.m.; Knox, 12:31 p.m.

Class B: Concord, 1:49 p.m.; Northridge, 2:02 p.m.; Goshen, 2:28 p.m.

Class A: LaPorte, 3:33 p.m.; Elkhart Memorial, 3:46 p.m.; Elkhart Central, 4:25
p.m.; Penn, 4:38 p.m.

At Homestead High School, Fort Wayne

Class A: Warsaw, 6:48 p.m.

At Lewis Cass High School, Walton, Ind.

Class B: John Adams, 3:20 p.m.

Kingsmen Carnival of Bands Results

Festival Class:

Best Music: Riley

Best Visual: Highland

Best Effect: Highland

Participants: Clay, Highland, Riley, Triton

Class D:

Best Music: Adams Central

Best Visual: Adams Central

Best Effect: Adams Central

1st Place: Adams Central

2nd Place: Bremen

Class C:

Best Music: Fairfield

Best Visual: Fairfield

Best Effect: Fairfield

1. Fairfield

2. Plymouth

3. NorthWood

4. John Glenn

5. Bishop Dwenger

6. Wawasee

Class B:

Best Music: Northridge

Best Visual: Goshen

Best Effect: Goshen

1. Goshen

2. Northridge

3. Concord

4. John Adams

Class A:

Best Music: Homestead

Best Visual: Homestead

Best Effect: Homestead

1. Homestead

2. Carroll

3. Snider

4. Central

5. LaPorte

6. Memorial

7. Chesterton

8. Warsaw

9. Portage

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 28, 1984, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Q&A

SECTION: Section C; Page 5, Column 1; Science Desk

LENGTH: 292 words


Q.

Do skyscrapers sway in the wind? If so, how much do the World Trade Center
buildings in Manhattan sway? What keeps the buildings from crumbling?

A.In a really strong wind, the engineers of the World Trade Center say, the
buildings may sway back and forth up to 12 inches at the top (110 stories); but
the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which owns the buildings, also
says no one inside would be likely to notice the movement, except perhaps for
some creaking from the structure. However, people who attended a cocktail party
on the top of 1 World Trade Center in a violent windstorm said the sway was
quite noticeable, though not unpleasant; one described it as ''like a very
gently rocking boat.'' As for crumbling, the towers are held up by a steel
framework that is elastic enough to take the bending without damage.

Q.Why is it that dogs do not seem to react to the sights and sounds of dogs on
television and radio?

A.A televised dog or cat apparently fails to register as an object of interest
in a real dog's sensorium. Our eyesight is keener than that of dogs, and we
depend much more on it to tell us what is going on than dogs do. On the other
hand, our noses are almost useless to us except when eating, while dogs appear
to be in constant touch with a world of informative odors. If something doesn't
smell like a dog, the chances are that, to a dog, it is not a dog. As for sound,
dogs can hear far higher frequencies than we can, while broadcast radio and
television usually fall far short of even reaching human high frequencies; we
are almost never fooled into thinking that a radio or television voice is that
of a real person in the room, so broadcast dog noises probably don't say much to
a dog either.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Question

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              47 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                            February 3, 2006 Friday

Film & Music: Rock & pop reviews: CD releases: Sway: This Is My Demo: 4/5 (All
City) £11.99

BYLINE: Dorian Lynskey

SECTION: GUARDIAN FILM AND MUSIC PAGES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 401 words


It seems a cruel irony that at the same time as Britain's latest
bigger-than-the-Beatles sensations (don't pretend you don't know who they are)
gladly acknowledge the lyrical influence of UK hip-hop, no British MC has made a
mainstream splash since Mike Skinner and Dizzee Rascal. Albums by Kano, Shystie,
Wiley and the Mitchell Brothers have left barely a ripple and even the brilliant
Lady Sovereign has yet to reach the Top 20.

It would be a shame if 23-year-old Derek "Sway" Safo went the same way. Raised
in Ghana and London's Hornsey, Sway's own word-of-mouth rise has parallels with
that of the Arctic Monkeys. Last year he beat 50 Cent to the Mobo award for best
hip-hop act on the strength of his witty, engaging home-made mixtapes, and the
title of his official debut advertises its DIY origins the way other rappers
flaunt criminal records. Sway's an alternative to rap's sullen bad boys but not
tiresomely so. If Ms Dynamite is UK hip-hop's sanctimonious schoolmarm, Sway is
the class smartarse deflating his peers: "If you're a gangster then I'm Prince
William."

His scene-stealing verse last year on the Mitchell Brothers' Harvey Nicks ("When
I gave her my autograph she said, 'Mum, is this how you spell Lemar?"')
advertised his deft grasp of the self-effacing one-liner, anglicising hip-hop's
generic boasts to the point of parody but without the sketch-show spoofery of
Goldie Lookin' Chain. You can't imagine many MCs bragging, as he does here, that
"not even a Jamiroquai hat could fit my ego" or proclaiming "one day I want to
be bigger than Peter Andre". Even the skits are funny.

Amid all the levity one song sticks out like a shard of glass. Pretty Ugly
Husband is a vivid domestic abuse drama set to drums like someone falling down
the stairs and background quarrelling that makes it seem as if the sounds of a
fight next door had leaked into the studio. Sway's other straight-faced moment
is less successful: one of too many tracks kneecapped by a sappy R&B chorus, On
My Own sounds like something from a short-lived West End musical about an
aspiring rapper. But there is so much wit and life here, so many laugh-out-loud
jokes and memorable vocal tics. On Little Derek, a wistful story-so-far which
relocates Ice Cube's It Was a Good Day from south central Los Angeles to
north-east London, Sway reflects: "Little Derek's doing fine." Indeed he is.

* Download: Little Derek; Sick World

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           January 25, 2017 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to TUSON (JIAXING) CORPORATION on January 24, 2017
titled as "Trailer with a trailer brake control device therein"

LENGTH: 204 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,550,481 on January 24, 2017, to TUSON (JIAXING) CORPORATION titled as "Trailer
with a trailer brake control device therein"

Inventors: Tu; Roger H. (Vernon Hills, IL), Chen; Wei Chih (Taichung, TW)


Assignee: TUSON (JIAXING) CORPORATION (Jiaxing, CN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present invention relates to a trailer with a trailer brake control device
therein. The trailer brake control device of the present invention comprises: a
sway detecting sensor arranged in the trailer for detecting the sway of the
trailer; a signal sensor for detecting a brake signal generated by a brake
switch of a vehicle which tows the trailer; and a processor, electrically
connected to the sway detecting sensor, the signal sensor and the brake, for
controlling the brake based on an output of the sway detecting sensor and/or an
output of the signal sensor. According to the present invention, the trailer
brake control device can independently control the brakes and/or diagnose the
malfunction of a brake controller arranged in the vehicle."

The patent was filed on November 11, 2014 Application No. 14/538,285


LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                    GlobalData - Company Investment Analysis

                               September 24, 2013

                                    SWAY A/S

                                 C Sundtsgt 51
                            Bergen,  Hordaland 5004
                                     Norway

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INVESTMENT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

SWAY A/S, reported zero alternative energy deals each in 2010 and 2011. No deals
were reported by the company in YTD 2013.



SWAY A/S, Alternative Energy, Deals By Year, 2007 to YTD 2013
   Year        Deals    Deal Value
   2013          0      -
   2012          0      -
   2011          0      -
   2010          0      -
   2009          0      -
   2008          0      -
   2007          1      25.78 US$
                        million


SWAY A/S's deals activity has been reportedly focusing on equity offerings with
one alternative energy deals during the period 2007 to YTD 2013.



SWAY A/S, Alternative Energy Deals By Type, 2007 to YTD 2013
 Deal Type     Deals    Deal Value
Equity           1      25.7800 US$
Offerings               million


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Events                                  Investments
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013


                              50 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Telegraph (Alton, Illinios)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday

LCCC study may sway state nursing degrees

BYLINE: Kelsey Landis, The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 456 words


Feb. 11--GODFREY -- A study conducted by researchers at Lewis and Clark
Community College on the necessity of offering advanced nursing degrees may
eventually have sway on whether Illinois allows two-year schools to offer
bachelor's degrees in nursing.

The study found there is a need in the St. Louis region for programs that offer
both associate's (ADN) and bachelor's degrees (BSN) in nursing at area community
colleges. Both degrees make a student eligible to become a registered nurse, but
a BSN requires further study and offers more career options and higher pay.

The college already offers an ADN to BSN program with Southern Illinois
University Edwardsville School of Nursing. If the state were to allow two-year
colleges to offer BSN programs, LCCC would seek accreditation to offer the
bachelor's degree itself. LCCC President Dale Chapman said the college plans to
hand off the study to the Illinois Community College Board for further review.

More hospitals and clinics in the area are seeking nurses with BSNs as the
health care climate changes, according to the study conducted last year by
LCCC's Dennis Krieb, director of institutional research and library services,
Jon Tysse, analyst of institutional research, and Donna Meyer, president of the
Organization for Associate Degree Nursing.

The researchers sent out surveys to local hospitals and health care providers in
five Illinois counties and five Missouri counties in the bi-state area.
Providers then distributed the surveys to working nurses.

Of the nurses who responded, 44 percent said they planned to return to school to
pursue further education and and 93 percent said they would prefer to attend a
community college over a university for ongoing education.

Tysse, the research analyst, said he believes the study could be reproduced in
other areas of the state, urban and rural, to see if there is a need for RN to
BSN programs throughout Illinois. Eventually, the Illinois legislature could use
the study to inform its decision on whether to allow community colleges to offer
BSN programs, Tysse said.

Only 22 states in the nation allow community colleges to offer ADN to BSN
programs, and Meyer, the nursing association president, said she hopes Illinois
will become the next state to allow it.

"This is a national perspective that will continue to be heard," Meyer said.
"There remains a great national need for BSN-trained nurses."

Chapman said it is now in the state community college board to push the issue at
the state level.

Reporter Kelsey Landis can be reached at 618-208-6460, Ext. 1396 or on Twitter
@kelseylandis.

___ (c)2016 The Telegraph (Alton, Ill.) Visit The Telegraph (Alton, Ill.) at
www.thetelegraph.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160211-AI-LCCC-study-may-sway-state-nursing-degrees-0211-20160211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AI


                          Copyright 2016 The Telegraph


                              51 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 24, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

RX FOR SWAYING SKYSCRAPERS

BYLINE: By WILLIAM R. GREER

SECTION: Section 8; Page 6, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1058 words


SINCE the 1950's, architects have, for both economic and esthetic r easons,
stripped stone and masonry from skyscrapers and replaced r igid steel frames
with lighter, more flexible frames made of s tronger steel. As a consequence,
they have created buildings that s way in the wind.

In one of them, the 44-story Gulf & Western building on Columbus Circle, the
wind sway has caused cracks in the interior stairwells and core walls, and
office workers have complained that the movement of the building made them
queasy.

To rectify these problems, the building's owner, Banker's Life and Casualty
Company of Chicago, has elected on its own to stiffen the building at a cost of
more than $10 million by adding a 44- by 15-foot brace to extend from the street
to the roof.

Lawyers for the corporation stressed in a report filed with the city that
''these wind stresses pose no danger to the structural integrity of the
building.''

Bracing a building is rare, engineers say, although steel plates were added to
stiffen the John Hancock building in Boston after its windows repeatedly fell
out, and about 200 steel bracing plates were added to 30 of the Citicorp tower's
59 stories in 1978.

But engineers say that the need to stiffen the Gulf & Western building points to
a similar problem in a number of buildings designed in the last 30 years.

''It's a phenomenon of modern office-building construction,'' according to Irwin
Fruchtman, the Commissioner of the New York City Department of Buildings.

In the construction of the Empire State and Chrysler Buildings in the early
1930's, rigidity became as important as strength, engineers say. These two
skyscrapers have heavy stone and masonry exteriors that add to their rigidity.

''The contribution of the masonry is enormous,'' said Leslie E.  Robertson, the
engineer for the World Trade Center. ''If you stripped the masonry off the
Empire State Building, it would be one of the buildings that needs stiffening.''

''A lot of buildings were designed and built wherein the realization of the loss
of stiffness from the removal of the masonry was not felt,'' Mr. Robertson said.
''The weight was taken out of the building with the removal of the masonry, but
the structure continued as before, in fact lighter. This bred a group of
buildings which historically have not performed well.''

Engineers judge the performance of a building by how well its occupants work in
it and how it stands up structurally. Office workers in a building that sways
excessively often complain that its movement gives them motion sickness.

''There is a building in the center of Manhattan in which people on the top
floor just can't work because they get sick,'' said Mario G. Salvadori, a
professor of civil engineering and architecture at Columbia University. He
declined to name the building, saying he considered it ''unethical'' to do so.

The structural problems arise, according to engineers, when stairwells, walls,
floors, and new glass exteriors that were designed for more rigid buildings are
installed in new buildings with flexible steel frames.

''If the deflections at the top of a building are too high, the structure may be
perfectly safe,'' said Professor Salvadori. ''but the other components of the
building may - if not fail, misbehave.  They crack.''

One example is the use of glass in flexible buildings, according to Lev Zetlin,
president of Zetlin-Argo, an engineering consulting firm. ''Manufacturing is
improving glass, making thinner, lighter, stronger glass,'' he said. ''But this
glass has been adapted to a steel frame of 15 years ago.''

Mr. Zetlin believes that advances in the manufacture of stairwells, walls and
exterior skin do not compensate for the more flexible steel frames in buildings.

MR. ROBERTSON agrees. In his current project, the A.T.& T. building,h e said,
''special staircases that compensate for motion have been i nstalled.''

A building that sways is not dangerous, engineers say, but if they do, there are
devices that can dampen the sway.  ''But that technology is not always used on
buildings of 30 to 50 stories,'' said Joseph Vellozzi, a consulting engineer who
specializes in the effect of wind on buildings. ''And those are the ones where
you generally have problems.''

At the apex of the triangular top of the Citicorp Building rests a 400-ton block
of concrete supported on oil bearings that is called a tuned mass damper. On the
80 or so days of the year when the wind is strong enough to cause the building
to sway, oil is pumped under the block to float it so that it can remain still
when the building moves and transmit its inertia to the building through
piston-like arms inside the building.

''The damper slows down the time it takes for the building to stop swaying,
similar to that on the crankshaft of a car,'' according to Niel R. Peterson, the
Minneapolis engineer who designed the device.  ''It minimizes the amplitude of
the sway by 40 to 50 percent, enough to make the sway imperceptible.''

The braces for 30 of the 59 floors were added to further stabilize the building
in heavy winds, said Robert H. Dexter, a Citibank vice president.

Some engineers believe that there has been an increase in the number of
buildings that develop structural flaws similar to those in the Gulf & Western
building, although there are no statistics to support the claim.

Mr. Zetlin, who has studied the collapse of the Hartford Civic Center and the
walkway in the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Kansas City, said there had been an
increase in the number of buildings reported with flaws, as well as ''a
considerable increase in the number of faulty structures.''

''Two to three times more cases have been reported and witnessed in the last
five years than in the five preceding years,'' Mr. Zetlin said, ''and four times
as many in the last 10 years as in the 10 years preceding.''

The National Science Foundation has given a $75,000 grant to a group at the
University of Maryland to begin cataloguing the buildings that develop
structural flaws.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Cartoon

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              52 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                              June 24, 2013 Monday

Financings roundup: Medtronic will repurchase shares; increases its dividend by
8%

LENGTH: 642 words

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

Medtronic (Minneapolis) reported an 8% increase in its cash dividend, raising
the quarterly amount to 28 cents per share of the company's common stock, which
would result in an annual amount of $1 .1 2 per share. This dividend increase
brings the company's current dividend yield to 2.2% and expected fiscal year
2014 dividend payout ratio to approximately 30%. Medtronic's dividend has nearly
quadrupled over the past ten years, and this announcement marks the company's
36th consecutive year of increased dividend payments.

In addition, the board approved an increase in its Share Repurchase Plan,
authorizing Medtronic to purchase 80 million shares of its common stock, which
represents approximately 8% of the company's total basic shares of common stock
outstanding. Over the past 5 years, Medtronic has repurchased approximately $5.6
billion of its common stock, or over 142 million shares, which has contributed
to the reduction of the company's outstanding shares of common stock by 10%.

"Today's actions reflect the confidence that the board of directors and
management team have in Medtronic's ability to generate significant free cash
flow and create long-term shareholder value," said Omar Ishrak, chairman/CEO.
"As part of our disciplined capital allocation program, we remain committed to
returning 50 percent of our free cash flow to shareholders each year through
dividends and share repurchases, which still gives us ample flexibility to make
necessary investments for sustainable growth."

In other financings news:

o Rite Aid Corporation (Camp Hill, Pennsylvania) reported the completion of a
portion of its previously announced debt refinancing transactions that extends
the maturity on a portion of Rite Aid's outstanding indebtedness and lowers
interest expense. The completed refinancing transaction consisted of a cash
tender offer for any and all of Rite Aid's $500 million aggregate principal
amount of 7.5% Senior Secured Notes due 2017 that is being funded with the net
proceeds from a new $500 million second lien term loan, together with available
cash and/or borrowings under Rite Aid's revolving credit facility.

As part of the tender offer, Rite Aid solicited consents for amendments that
would eliminate or modify certain covenants, events of default and other
provisions contained in the indenture governing the notes. Rite Aid announced
today that it has received the requisite consents to execute a supplemental
indenture to effect the proposed amendments.

o Sway Medical (Tulsa, Oklahoma), a company developing medical on mobile,
reported it has completed a $750,000 tranche of its Series A funding round led
by individual angel investors and the OKAngel Sidecar Fund. To date, Sway has
raised $1 .325 million in total funding.

Additionally, Sway also unveiled it has secured FDA clearance on its flagship
product, the Sway Balance iOS mobile app, and announced a strategic partnership
with ImPACT Applications, Inc. The partnership creates new tools and wider
distribution channels for Sway Medical and ImPACT Applications to bring
objective sideline balance testing for concussion management to the sidelines of
sporting events.

"We are extremely pleased to have the ongoing support of angel investors and the
state of Oklahoma - together they have positioned Sway Medical for tremendous
growth and the opportunity to make a real difference for people with serious
injuries and medical ailments," said Chase Curtiss, founder/CEO of Sway. "Most
balance assessments are limited to subjective pencil and paper tests or bulky
force platforms that cost upwards of $25,000 per unit. We are changing an entire
industry and are fully committed to leveraging technology to improve the
healthcare industry and arm healthcare professionals with clinically validated
tools that improve patient care."

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2013 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             August 3, 2004 Tuesday

To stop sway, keep club at right angle;

BYLINE: By Tom BarberSpecial to the Daily News

SECTION: GOLF

LENGTH: 229 words


A fellow golf professional stopped me recently and asked, "How do you help
people with a sway?"

I really never gave it much thought, and I usually just deal withit when I
teach, but this was my answer: If you really stop to consider the sway or
movement away from the target on the backswing, it is impossible to do without
raising your body at the same time.

Therefore, that means the angle of the spine would have tochange.

I think golf is a rather simple game if you consider all youhave to do is hold
the club at a right angle to the spine and then rotate your body on a plane with
balance and rhythm.

Of course, when balance and rhythm come into play, that isanother subject.

Thus, to stop the sway, focus attention on maintaining your anglewith your spine
or back throughout the swing. You will feel very uncomfortable turning away from
the ball and staying bent over if you sway.

While you are at it, make sure you swing in rhythm. The ballactually goes
straight and farther when struck solidly.

As usual, if this doesn't work, I am sure with several weeks ofhard practice,
you will be able to get your old swing back.

Tom Barber, head professional at Griffith Park, son of 1961PGA Championship
winner Jerry Barber and father of 2002 Los Angeles City Amateur Champion Tommy
Barber, is a member of the PGA of Southern California Hall of Fame.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              54 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            October 18, 2002 Friday
                           The Daily Journal Edition

Crash doesn't spoil couple's visit for bike fest

BYLINE: Mary Lou Schropp Correspondent

SECTION: A; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 559  words

DATELINE: NEW SMYRNA BEACH


Jim Caragiani hates to miss a Florida bike event. The Manchester, N.J., resident
has been present at the last 17 Bike Weeks and has attended all but three
Biketoberfests.

In fact, when Caragiani's appendix ruptured just south of Atlantic City on a
past trip to Biketoberfest, he just kept going. Overcome by pain in Virginia, he
finally stopped for emergency surgery in Petersburg.

So when a camper veered in front of Caragiani and his wife, Mary Beth, on a New
Jersey state road Monday, he never thought twice about picking up the pieces and
continuing on to Florida.

"I had the whole camper set up with a bike rack I designed myself and mounted on
the back," said Caragiani, who owns Immortal Choppers Bike Shop in West Creek,
N.J. "The camper was being pulled by my truck. Then, about 20 miles from home,
another camper passed us and pulled into our lane 3 feet short (of clearance)."

Braking sent his van, camper and bike trailer swerving back and forth across
four lanes of traffic before finally hurtling off the road into a grove of
trees.

"The wheels for both the camper and the trailer were coming up 3 feet off the
ground," Mary Beth Caragiani said. "People on both sides of the road were
clearing out. Some people were even driving in reverse just to get away from
us."

Fortunately, the trees only grazed the side of the van before everything ground
to a halt with his van still facing east, while the camper and trailer were
facing west.

Surprisingly, the damages were slight for such a horrific crash. Most apparent
were a blown tire on the camper and shattered windows on the van. Caragiani
fixed the tire, taped the window and headed for Interstate 95.

However, between New Jersey and Virginia, the camper and its bike trailer
continued to sway. The Caragianis stopped just north of Richmond, Va., at a
motorcycle repair shop and discovered that the weight of the trailer was just
too much for the camper. In addition, the lug nuts on some of the camper wheels
had loosened because of the violent force of the sway.

"Even if we added sway bars, it would have continued to sway," Caragiani said.
"There was nothing to do but just torch off the bike rack."

They loaded Jim's prized 25-year-old Harley-Davidson into the van and continued
south, stopping to check the lug nuts every couple of hours. They finally
arrived in New Smyrna Beach very late on Tuesday night and set up camp at the
New Smyrna Beach Campgrounds.

"We're just not going to let this spoil Biketoberfest for us. We've been looking
forward to it too much," Mary Beth Caragiani said.

Crashes due to the wrong size trailers or improperly mounted trailers are not
unusual, according to Richard Boulton, manager of Pioneer Trailer in New Smyrna
Beach.

"A trailer will sway either because there's too much weight or too little tongue
weight," he said. "Too much weight affects the sensitivity of the steering axle
on the tow vehicle, while too little weight causes the trailer to fishtail."

The optimum weight is 10 to 15 percent of the gross vehicle weight, he added.
The biggest mistake that bikers make, he said, is not checking safety equipment
such as the wheel bearings, tires and the lights.

"Every year during Bike Week or Biketoberfest, we see a lot of wheel bearing
problems and blown tires that could have been averted by safety inspections
before people got on the road," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Caption: Still smiling despite a harrowing trip from New Jersey, Mary Beth and
Jim Caragiani are Biketoberfest veterans who would not let a mishap spoil their
weekend here. Journal/MARY LOU SCHROPP

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2002 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2002 News-Journal Corporation


                              55 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 27, 2010 Monday

Opponents: Rail study won't sway opinions

BYLINE: Kevin Hoffman, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 520 words


Sept. 27--An independent study suggesting a high-speed rail in Wisconsin would
create thousands of jobs and reduce greenhouse gases is unlikely to sway public
opinion, opponents say.

A study completed by the Wisconsin Public Interest Research Group concludes that
a nine-state Midwest rail system would create 13,000 permanent jobs in the state
and thousands more during the 10-year construction phase.

It also analyzes the potential environmental impact of a high-speed rail. By
lowering road congestion and dependence on oil, the study suggests a train would
reduce carbon emissions by 188,000 tons each year--equal to 34,000 cars.

But the non-partisan group's report isn't drawing attention away from the price
tag. Opponents believe if the project continues, it'll only flush the state
deeper into debt.

"Jim Doyle is trying to do whatever he can to create a liberal legacy in
Wisconsin by ramming through this $810 million train boondoggle," said Casey
Himebauch, chairman of the Republican Party of Walworth County.

"By pushing out studies from a California 'non-partisan' group to inflate the
projected benefits," he added, "they are trying to hide the fact that just
months ago, their own 13,000 jobs number they were pushing was slashed to 55
permanent jobs. That is almost $15 million per job created."

The rail divided political parties, even before the federal government announced
Wisconsin won an $810 million transportation grant.

Supporters suggest a high-speed rail would boost economic development in
communities along its path. Like the recent study, they also predict job growth
and environmental benefits.

But Republican opponents question the fallout from maintaining a rail system.
Rep. Steve Nass, R-Whitewater, said it's likely Wisconsin taxpayers would be on
the hook for maintenance, and he fears transportation funds flowing away from
state roads will worsen their condition.

"It's a pipedream," said Leroy Watson, Libertarian candidate for the 31st
Assembly.

"There's no credibility (to the study) because there's no way you can estimate
there would be that many new jobs."

One of the proposed stations is in Watson's hometown of Oconomowoc. He believes
if plans move forward, his city would be responsible for millions in cleaning
and operational costs.

The future of the project might depend on who's elected this fall.

A Republican-led legislature could put an end to the rail, and gubernatorial
candidate Scott Walker already promised he would stop the train if voted into
office.

"Wisconsin families are smarter than Jim Doyle and Tom Barrett think," Himebauch
said. "... The citizens that I've been talking to are not buying what they are
selling."

To see more of The Janesville Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.gazetteextra.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100927-JG-Opponents-Rail-study-won-t-sway-opinions-0927-20100927

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2010 The Janesville Gazette


                              56 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              May 3, 2011 Tuesday

Bay Area trainer Jeff Bonde realizes his dream, will have a Kentucky Derby entry
for the first time

BYLINE: By Carl Steward Oakland Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS; Breaking; Other sports; News

LENGTH: 751 words


Pleasanton native Jeff Bonde is one of the hottest horse racing trainers in the
country right now, and he's not about to deny the obvious.

"We've been kissing the ground we're walking on," Bonde said at his Alameda
County Fairgrounds stable last week.

The 56-year-old Bonde has been training thoroughbreds for 38 years, and despite
specializing in the development of younger horses for possible Triple Crown
runs, he has never had a Kentucky Derby entry. But how's this for hot? He will
not only end that drought on Saturday at Churchill Downs, he actually could send
two horses to the gate in the Run for the Roses.

Twice The Appeal, which scored an upset victory in the Grade 3 Sunland Derby in
New Mexico on March 27 as a 25-1 shot, is a lock for the 20-horse field, and
even though he will be a decided long shot, Bonde will have jockey Calvin Borel
on the 3-year-old colt. Borel has won three of the past four Derbies.

Sway Away, which led the Arkansas Derby at the top of the stretch on April 16
before fading to fourth, still has a shot just four days away from the Derby.
After Toby's Corner dropped out Tuesday, Sway Away is now 21st on the graded
earnings list of prospective starters. If one more horse pulls out of the race
before today's final entry determinations, he is in.

"It's not over yet," Bonde said. "Every day a horse drops out for whatever
reason, it improves our chances. We're hoping for two, but if (Sway Away)
doesn't run in the Derby, he will definitely run in the Preakness."

Bonde will be busy on Derby Day regardless. He has six horses stabled at
Churchill, and at least three will run Saturday, including 4-year-old sprint
specialist Smiling Tiger, the horse that Bonde said began his roll. Smiling
Tiger has won seven of 14 starts (including two straight) and is being pointed
toward a return trip to the Breeders' Cup Sprint in the fall, where he was third
last year as a 3-year-old.

Smiling Tiger probably will eclipse $1 million in earnings in the seven-furlong
Churchill Downs Stakes, not bad for a horse Bonde purchased as a yearling for
$40,000 three years ago.

"He's definitely the horse that turned our fortunes around," the trainer said.
"He's one of the top sprinters in the world right now, and he's definitely our
marquee horse, no question."

At least for a day, Smiling Tiger will take a back seat to the Derby run by
Twice The Appeal and possibly Sway Away. Those horses were bargain purchases,
too. Twice The Appeal was bought at a Barrett's May sale for $35,000 on behalf
of a trio of Southern California owners, and Sway Away was purchased as a
2-year-old for $70,000 at Barrett's in March 2010.

Bonde has been following a similar formula since his early days in training,
scouring for young horses with potential below the elite class and turning them
into big winners.

"A majority of our horses are bought anywhere from $40,000 to $100,000," he
said. "That's the only way we can compete on a high level. It's tough to beat
guys like Bob Baffert when they walk in and pay $800,000-$900,000 apiece for 50
of them. One of those has got to hit, right?

"For us to hit, we have to be very lucky, and lately it's been that way."

Bonde, who is 13th in the country in 2011 trainer earnings despite a modest
60-horse stable, hopes to continue expanding his operation but still clings
fiercely to his roots. His primary stable is located at the Alameda County
Fairgrounds, and he has lived in Pleasanton his entire life. His family goes
back four generations in the town.

Horses have always been in the Bonde family. After he retired from his hay
baling business, Bonde's grandfather dabbled in training. Bonde's father and
brother were both farriers (horseshoers), and Bonde has four sons and a daughter
who have worked at his stables and may one day get into the business themselves.

While Bonde is riding high now, there have been dark times, too. In 1997, he and
members of his family lost their life savings when a bogus financial adviser
defrauded them of nearly $1 million. The trainer saved himself through his
horses, winning 67 races and $1.7 million in 1998.

He's had some Kentucky Derby near-misses since, with Epic Honor in 1999 and
Sierra Sunset in 2007. But at long last, he's beaten the odds to get to
Kentucky.

"It's what every trainer dreams about," Bonde said. "It's like the race car
driver, he wants to be in the Indy 500. Whatever's the pinnacle of your sport,
that's what you're looking for. Anybody who says otherwise, I don't believe
they're telling the truth."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident Jeff Bonde
with a horse named My Designated Driver at the stables at Alameda County
Fairgrounds on Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Bonde has landed his first horse in the
Kentucky Derby. Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1
odds in the Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)
Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident Jeff Bonde with an
unnamed two year old horse at the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on
Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Bonde has landed his first horse in the Kentucy Derby.
Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the
Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)
Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident, Jeff Bonde with an
unnamed two year old horse at the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on
Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Jeff has landed his first horse in the Kentucy Derby.
Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the
Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)
Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident, Jeff Bonde with an
unnamed two year old horse in the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on
Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Jeff has landed his first horse in the Kentucy Derby.
Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the
Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)
Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident, Jeff Bonde takes
care of some business in the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on Tuesday,
April 26, 2011. Jeff has landed his first horse in the Kentucy Derby. Twice the
Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the Sunland Derby in
New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              May 3, 2011 Tuesday

Bay Area trainer Jeff Bonde realizes his dream, will have a Kentucky Derby entry
for the first time

BYLINE: By Carl Steward Oakland Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 752 words


Pleasanton native Jeff Bonde is one of the hottest horse racing trainers in the
country right now, and he's not about to deny the obvious.

"We've been kissing the ground we're walking on," Bonde said at his Alameda
County Fairgrounds stable last week.

The 56-year-old Bonde has been training thoroughbreds for 38 years, and despite
specializing in the development of younger horses for possible Triple Crown
runs, he's never had a Kentucky Derby entry. But how's this for hot? He'll not
only end that drought on Saturday at Churchill Downs, he actually could send two
horses to the gate in the Run for the Roses.

Twice The Appeal, which scored an upset victory in the Grade 3 Sunland Derby in
New Mexico on March 27 as a 25-1 shot, is a lock for the 20-horse field, and
even though he'll be a decided long shot, Bonde will have jockey Calvin Borel on
the 3-year-old colt. Borel has won three of the last four Derbies.

Sway Away, which led the Arkansas Derby at the top of the stretch on April 16
before fading to fourth, still has a shot just four days away from the Derby.
After Toby's Corner dropped out Tuesday, Sway Away is now 21st on the graded
earnings list of prospective starters. If one more horse pulls out of the race
before today's final entry determinations, he's in.

"It's not over yet," Bonde said. "Every day a horse drops out for whatever
reason, it improves our chances. We're hoping for two, but if (Sway Away)
doesn't run in the Derby, he will definitely run in the Preakness."

Bonde will be busy on Derby Day regardless. He has six horses currently stabled
at Churchill, and at least three will run Saturday, including 4-year-old sprint
specialist Smiling Tiger, the horse that Bonde says began his roll. Smiling
Tiger has won seven of 14 starts (including two straight) and is being pointed
toward a return trip to the Breeders' Cup Sprint in the fall, where he was third
last year as a 3-year-old.

Smiling Tiger likely will eclipse $1 million in earnings in the seven-furlong
Churchill Downs Stakes, not bad for a horse Bonde purchased as a yearling for
$40,000 three years ago.

"He's definitely the horse that turned our fortunes around," the trainer said.
"He's one of the top sprinters in the world right now, and he's definitely our
marquee horse, no question."

At least for a day, Smiling Tiger will take a back seat to the Derby run by
Twice The Appeal and possibly Sway Away. Those horses were bargain purchases,
too. Twice The Appeal was bought at a Barrett's May sale for $35,000 on behalf
of a trio of Southern California owners, and Sway Away was purchased as a
2-year-old for $70,000 at Barrett's in March 2010.

Bonde has been following a similar formula since his early days in training,
scouring for young horses with potential below the elite class and turning them
into big winners.

"A majority of our horses are bought anywhere from $40,000 to $100,000," he
said. "That's the only way we can compete on a high level. It's tough to beat
guys like Bob Baffert when they walk in and pay $800,000-$900,000 apiece for 50
of them. One of those has got to hit, right?

"For us to hit, we have to be very lucky, and lately it's been that way."

Bonde, who is 13th in the country in 2011 trainer earnings despite a modest
60-horse stable, hopes to continue expanding his operation but still clings
fiercely to his roots. His primary stable is located at the Alameda County
Fairgrounds, and he has lived in Pleasanton his entire life. His family goes
back four generations in the town.

Horses have always been in the Bonde family. After he retired from his hay
baling business, Bonde's grandfather dabbled in training. Bonde's father and
brother were both farriers (horseshoers), and Bonde has four sons and a daughter
who have worked at his stables and may one day get into the business themselves.

While Bonde is riding high now, there have been dark times, too. In 1997, he and
members of his family lost their life savings when a bogus financial adviser
defrauded them of nearly $1 million. The trainer saved himself through his
horses, winning 67 races and $1.7 million in 1998.

He's had some Kentucky Derby near-misses since, with Epic Honor in 1999 and
Sierra Sunset in 2007. But at long last, he's beaten the odds to get to
Kentucky.

"It's what every trainer dreams about," Bonde said. "It's like the race car
driver, he wants to be in the Indy 500. Whatever's the pinnacle of your sport,
that's what you're looking for. Anybody who says otherwise, I don't believe
they're telling the truth."

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident, Jeff Bonde
takes care of some business in the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on
Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Jeff has landed his first horse in the Kentucy Derby.
Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the
Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)
Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident, Jeff Bonde with an
unnamed two year old horse in the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on
Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Jeff has landed his first horse in the Kentucy Derby.
Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the
Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)
Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident, Jeff Bonde with an
unnamed two year old horse at the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on
Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Jeff has landed his first horse in the Kentucy Derby.
Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the
Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)
Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident Jeff Bonde with an
unnamed two year old horse at the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on
Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Bonde has landed his first horse in the Kentucy Derby.
Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the
Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)
Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident Jeff Bonde with a
horse named My Designated Driver at the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on
Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Bonde has landed his first horse in the Kentucky Derby.
Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the
Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              May 3, 2011 Tuesday

Carl Steward 'In Our Backyard': Trainer Jeff Bonde of Pleasanton beats the odds,
will have a Kentucky Derby entry for the first time

BYLINE: By Carl Steward Oakland Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 761 words


Pleasanton native Jeff Bonde is one of the hottest horse racing trainers in the
country right now, and he's not about to deny the obvious.

"We've been kissing the ground we're walking on," Bonde said at his Alameda
County Fairgrounds stable last week.

The 56-year-old Bonde has been training thoroughbreds for 38 years, and despite
specializing in the development of younger horses for possible Triple Crown
runs, he's never had a Kentucky Derby entry. But how's this for hot? He'll not
only end that drought on Saturday at Churchill Downs, he actually could send two
horses to the gate in the Run for the Roses.

Twice The Appeal, which scored an upset victory in the Grade 3 Sunland Derby in
New Mexico on March 27 as a 25-1 shot, is a lock for the 20-horse field, and
even though he'll be a decided long shot, Bonde will have jockey Calvin Borel on
the 3-year-old colt. Borel has won three of the last four Derbies.

Sway Away, which led the Arkansas Derby at the top of the stretch on April 16
before fading to fourth, still has a shot just four days away from the Derby.
After Toby's Corner dropped out Tuesday, Sway Away is now 21st on the graded
earnings list of prospective starters. If one more horse pulls out of the race
before today's final entry determinations, he's in.

"It's not over yet," Bonde said. "Every day a horse drops out for whatever
reason, it improves our chances. We're hoping for two, but if (Sway Away)
doesn't run in the Derby, he will definitely run in the Preakness."

Bonde will be busy on Derby Day regardless. He has six horses currently stabled
at Churchill, and at least three will run Saturday, including 4-year-old sprint
specialist Smiling Tiger, the horse that Bonde says began his roll. Smiling
Tiger has won seven of 14 starts (including two straight) and is being pointed
toward a return trip to the Breeders' Cup Sprint in the fall, where he was third
last year as a 3-year-old.

Smiling Tiger likely will eclipse $1 million in earnings in the seven-furlong
Churchill Downs Stakes, not bad for a horse Bonde purchased as a yearling for
$40,000 three years ago.

"He's definitely the horse that turned our fortunes around," the trainer said.
"He's one of the top sprinters in the world right now, and he's definitely our
marquee horse, no question."

At least for a day, Smiling Tiger will take a back seat to the Derby run by
Twice The Appeal and possibly Sway Away. Those horses were bargain purchases,
too. Twice The Appeal was bought at a Barrett's May sale for $35,000 on behalf
of a trio of Southern California owners, and Sway Away was purchased as a
2-year-old for $70,000 at Barrett's in March 2010.

Bonde has been following a similar formula since his early days in training,
scouring for young horses with potential below the elite class and turning them
into big winners.

"A majority of our horses are bought anywhere from $40,000 to $100,000," he
said. "That's the only way we can compete on a high level. It's tough to beat
guys like Bob Baffert when they walk in and pay $800,000-$900,000 apiece for 50
of them. One of those has got to hit, right?

"For us to hit, we have to be very lucky, and lately it's been that way.''

Bonde, who is 13th in the country in 2011 trainer earnings despite a modest
60-horse stable, hopes to continue expanding his operation but still clings
fiercely to his roots. His primary stable is located at the Alameda County
Fairgrounds, and he has lived in Pleasanton his entire life. His family goes
back four generations in the town.

Horses have always been in the Bonde family. After he retired from his hay
baling business, Bonde's grandfather dabbled in training. Bonde's father and
brother were both farriers (horseshoers), and Bonde has four sons and a daughter
who have worked at his stables and may one day get into the business themselves.

While Bonde is riding high now, there have been dark times, too. In 1997, he and
members of his family lost their life savings when a bogus financial adviser
defrauded them of nearly $1 million. The trainer saved himself through his
horses, winning 67 races and $1.7 million in 1998.

He's had some Kentucky Derby near-misses since, with Epic Honor in 1999 and
Sierra Sunset in 2007. But at long last, he's beaten the odds to get to
Kentucky.

"It's what every trainer dreams about," Bonde said. "It's like the race car
driver, he wants to be in the Indy 500. Whatever's the pinnacle of your sport,
that's what you're looking for. Anybody who says otherwise, I don't believe
they're telling the truth."

Contact Carl Steward at csteward@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident, Jeff Bonde
takes care of some business in the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on
Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Jeff has landed his first horse in the Kentucy Derby.
Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the
Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)
Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident, Jeff Bonde with an
unnamed two year old horse in the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on
Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Jeff has landed his first horse in the Kentucy Derby.
Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the
Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)
Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident, Jeff Bonde with an
unnamed two year old horse at the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on
Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Jeff has landed his first horse in the Kentucy Derby.
Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the
Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)
Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident Jeff Bonde with an
unnamed two year old horse at the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on
Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Bonde has landed his first horse in the Kentucy Derby.
Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the
Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)
Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident Jeff Bonde with a
horse named My Designated Driver at the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on
Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Bonde has landed his first horse in the Kentucky Derby.
Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the
Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              May 3, 2011 Tuesday

Carl Steward 'In Our Backyard': Trainer Jeff Bonde of Pleasanton beats the odds,
will have a Kentucky Derby entry for the first time

BYLINE: By Carl Steward Oakland Tribune

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 761 words


Pleasanton native Jeff Bonde is one of the hottest horse racing trainers in the
country right now, and he's not about to deny the obvious.

"We've been kissing the ground we're walking on," Bonde said at his Alameda
County Fairgrounds stable last week.

The 56-year-old Bonde has been training thoroughbreds for 38 years, and despite
specializing in the development of younger horses for possible Triple Crown
runs, he's never had a Kentucky Derby entry. But how's this for hot? He'll not
only end that drought on Saturday at Churchill Downs, he actually could send two
horses to the gate in the Run for the Roses.

Twice The Appeal, which scored an upset victory in the Grade 3 Sunland Derby in
New Mexico on March 27 as a 25-1 shot, is a lock for the 20-horse field, and
even though he'll be a decided long shot, Bonde will have jockey Calvin Borel on
the 3-year-old colt. Borel has won three of the last four Derbies.

Sway Away, which led the Arkansas Derby at the top of the stretch on April 16
before fading to fourth, still has a shot just four days away from the Derby.
After Toby's Corner dropped out Tuesday, Sway Away is now 21st on the graded
earnings list of prospective starters. If one more horse pulls out of the race
before today's final entry determinations, he's in.

"It's not over yet," Bonde said. "Every day a horse drops out for whatever
reason, it improves our chances. We're hoping for two, but if (Sway Away)
doesn't run in the Derby, he will definitely run in the Preakness."

Bonde will be busy on Derby Day regardless. He has six horses currently stabled
at Churchill, and at least three will run Saturday, including 4-year-old sprint
specialist Smiling Tiger, the horse that Bonde says began his roll. Smiling
Tiger has won seven of 14 starts (including two straight) and is being pointed
toward a return trip to the Breeders' Cup Sprint in the fall, where he was third
last year as a 3-year-old.

Smiling Tiger likely will eclipse $1 million in earnings in the seven-furlong
Churchill Downs Stakes, not bad for a horse Bonde purchased as a yearling for
$40,000 three years ago.

"He's definitely the horse that turned our fortunes around," the trainer said.
"He's one of the top sprinters in the world right now, and he's definitely our
marquee horse, no question."

At least for a day, Smiling Tiger will take a back seat to the Derby run by
Twice The Appeal and possibly Sway Away. Those horses were bargain purchases,
too. Twice The Appeal was bought at a Barrett's May sale for $35,000 on behalf
of a trio of Southern California owners, and Sway Away was purchased as a
2-year-old for $70,000 at Barrett's in March 2010.

Bonde has been following a similar formula since his early days in training,
scouring for young horses with potential below the elite class and turning them
into big winners.

"A majority of our horses are bought anywhere from $40,000 to $100,000," he
said. "That's the only way we can compete on a high level. It's tough to beat
guys like Bob Baffert when they walk in and pay $800,000-$900,000 apiece for 50
of them. One of those has got to hit, right?

"For us to hit, we have to be very lucky, and lately it's been that way.''

Bonde, who is 13th in the country in 2011 trainer earnings despite a modest
60-horse stable, hopes to continue expanding his operation but still clings
fiercely to his roots. His primary stable is located at the Alameda County
Fairgrounds, and he has lived in Pleasanton his entire life. His family goes
back four generations in the town.

Horses have always been in the Bonde family. After he retired from his hay
baling business, Bonde's grandfather dabbled in training. Bonde's father and
brother were both farriers (horseshoers), and Bonde has four sons and a daughter
who have worked at his stables and may one day get into the business themselves.

While Bonde is riding high now, there have been dark times, too. In 1997, he and
members of his family lost their life savings when a bogus financial adviser
defrauded them of nearly $1 million. The trainer saved himself through his
horses, winning 67 races and $1.7 million in 1998.

He's had some Kentucky Derby near-misses since, with Epic Honor in 1999 and
Sierra Sunset in 2007. But at long last, he's beaten the odds to get to
Kentucky.

"It's what every trainer dreams about," Bonde said. "It's like the race car
driver, he wants to be in the Indy 500. Whatever's the pinnacle of your sport,
that's what you're looking for. Anybody who says otherwise, I don't believe
they're telling the truth."

Contact Carl Steward at csteward@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident Jeff Bonde
with a horse named My Designated Driver at the stables at Alameda County
Fairgrounds on Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Bonde has landed his first horse in the
Kentucky Derby. Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1
odds in the Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)
Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident Jeff Bonde with an
unnamed two year old horse at the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on
Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Bonde has landed his first horse in the Kentucy Derby.
Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the
Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)
Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident, Jeff Bonde with an
unnamed two year old horse at the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on
Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Jeff has landed his first horse in the Kentucy Derby.
Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the
Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)
Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident, Jeff Bonde with an
unnamed two year old horse in the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on
Tuesday, April 26, 2011. Jeff has landed his first horse in the Kentucy Derby.
Twice the Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the
Sunland Derby in New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)
Longtime Golden Gate Fields trainer and Pleasanton resident, Jeff Bonde takes
care of some business in the stables at Alameda County Fairgrounds on Tuesday,
April 26, 2011. Jeff has landed his first horse in the Kentucy Derby. Twice the
Appeal is in after scoring an upset victory at 25-1 odds in the Sunland Derby in
New Mexico on March 27. (Jim Stevens/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              July 6, 2012 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Hamlin will skip Nationwide race

BYLINE: Jeff Olson

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 239 words


Denny Hamlin sat down for dinner Sunday and couldn't get out of the chair.

The Joe Gibbs Racing driver said he has been diagnosed with bulging disks and
back spasms and will sit out  tonight's Nationwide Series race but was planning
on competing in Saturday's Coke Zero 400 Sprint Cup race without a backup
driver. "I've always had back pain," Hamlin said Thursday. "Unfortunately, I
inherited it from my dad. It's one of the bad qualities I got from him."

Keeping Tebow pose: Brad Keselowski continued to enjoy the reaction to his
irreverent "Tebowing" after his win last weekend at Kentucky Speedway.
Keselowski, whose No. 2 Dodge is sponsored by Miller Lite, struck the prayerful
pose made famous by NFL quarterback Tim Tebow while holding a can of beer. "A
friend of mine once told me that whatever deal you make while drinking, you
should keep it," Keselowski said.

Sway-bar reply: While the jury is out on new NASCAR rules regarding rear sway
bars (Keselowski predicted it would be a game changer), Dale Earnhardt Jr.
thought it was directed primarily at Hendrick Motorsports. Starting last week,
rear sway bars had to be perpendicular to the ground. Among the teams that had
used angled sway bars was Hendrick, whose cars went on to finish second, fourth,
fifth and sixth at Kentucky. "The one thing that gets changed this season, and
it only affects our cars," Earnhardt said. "That just sounds crazy. It credits
us for being smart."

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 11, 1997, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Q&A

BYLINE: By C. CLAIBORNE RAY

SECTION: Section C; Page 7; Column 1; Science Desk

LENGTH: 409 words



Swaying Buildings

Q.  The last time I went to the Empire State Building, it looked as if the
building was swaying. Is this an illusion?

A.  The building does move, but the motion is a very slight bending, only about
a quarter of an inch, in winds of more than 75 miles an hour. The illusion of a
larger motion probably has to do with wind-whipped clouds; an observer on the
ground can see a tall building appear to "fall" if the clouds above it are being
blown in the right direction.

Older skyscrapers like the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building would
sway some inches or even feet if they were not stiffened with a massive
sheathing of stone and masonry, engineers say.

Newer skyscrapers, with their barely covered skeletons of steel, may sway
perceptibly. The 110-story twin towers of the World Trade Center are designed to
withstand sustained winds of up to 150 miles an hour, but in a big blow, the
towers may sway in an arc of 11 or 12 inches, its engineers say.

And the 579-foot Trump International Tower, the old Gulf and Western Building on
Columbus Circle, is being stiffened to defeat a perceptible twist in high winds
of two and a half feet; a 44-by-15-foot brace from the street to the roof is
being added. The reason is comfort, not safety, the developers say, because the
amount of sway that an office worker can ignore would be disturbing to a
full-time residential tenant.

As a rule of thumb, a 100-mile-an-hour wind can blow a 1,000-foot-tall tower two
feet off center, causing the top of the building to sway a total of 4 feet, said
Lynn S. Beedle, a professor of civil engineering at Lehigh University and
director of the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat.

Structural engineers, who are not concerned about the movement's impact on the
building's own integrity, use a number of techniques to dampen the motion so
that people inside a tower do not perceive it. Current strategies include making
buildings heavier by using more concrete, cross-bracing the steel framework or
devising a mechanical system that uses rooftop weights to offset motion.   C.
CLAIBORNE RAY

 Readers are invited to submit questions about science to Questions, Science
Times, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036. Questions
of general interest will be answered in this column, but requests for medical
advice cannot be honored and unpublished letters cannot be answered
individually.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Victoria Roberts)

TYPE: Question

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              62 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 30, 2002, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

J. Lo steps into the 'ring'

BYLINE: Ann Oldenburg

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 188 words

"This? This is a little bauble."

That's how Jennifer Lopez describes the ring she's wearing on her left hand,
engagement-style -- a big pink diamond that boyfriend Ben Affleck gave her.


In an interview with MTV News correspondent Sway on Tuesday's Total Request Live
(more will air next week when her new video, Jenny From the Block, premieres on
Tuesday's TRL), Lopez chatted about Affleck.

Sway: "Is that the ring he gave you?"

J. Lo: "Yes."

Sway: "What are you doing to this man to make him spend this much money on a
ring? That's beautiful, man."

J. Lo: "I know some tricks." Then she laughed.

The star says she and Affleck have talked about marriage and kids, but haven't
set a date.

When Sway asked how many children she wants, Lopez answered:

"How many kids I want? I mean, I don't want a bunch, one healthy one would be
plenty for me, but whatever the good Lord deems to bless me with, I will take
with open arms."

Says Sway, "But you would be happy if (Affleck) was the father of your first and
all children?"

J. Lo's answer: "Absolutely, yes."

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W, Evan Agostini, ImageDirect (2); Nice bauble": J. Lo's
ring, a gift from Ben.

TYPE: PEOPLE

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              63 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 SWAY Magazine

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.sway-magazine.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   SWAY provides a unique platform for Middle Eastern lovers to connect across
continents and time zones. From hip hoteliers and fashion designers of origin
Middle Eastern in New York to film galas in London - SWAY showcases and
introduces an international village of artists, filmmakers, writers,
fashionistas and market makers.  The magazine distinguishes itself by its
cutting-edge visuals, its concise editorial style and an emphasis on sharp and
quick-witted content. There is no other publication as international,
aesthetically avant-garde, informative, and inspirational as SWAY for this
global community of affluent curious consumers; SWAY is, therefore, a
breakthrough magazine.  SWAY will be distributed worldwide including United
States, Canada, United Kingdom, and many parts of the Middle East.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              64 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 SWAY Media LLC

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.sway-magazine.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   SWAY provides a unique platform for Middle Eastern lovers to connect across
continents and time zones. From hip hoteliers and fashion designers of origin
Middle Eastern in New York to film galas in London - SWAY showcases and
introduces an international village of artists, filmmakers, writers,
fashionistas and market makers.  The magazine distinguishes itself by its
cutting-edge visuals, its concise editorial style and an emphasis on sharp and
quick-witted content. There is no other publication as international,
aesthetically avant-garde, informative, and inspirational as SWAY for this
global community of affluent curious consumers; SWAY is, therefore, a
breakthrough magazine.  SWAY will be distributed worldwide including United
States, Canada, United Kingdom, and many parts of the Middle East.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              65 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2014 Friday

USPTO Published Patent application of HGST NETHERLANDS B.V titled as "MASS
BALANCED FLEXURE GIMBAL FOR HEAD GIMBAL ASSEMBLY SWAY MODE CONTROL"

LENGTH: 229  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140168813, published on June 19, 2014, by HGST NETHERLANDS B.V, titled as
"MASS BALANCED FLEXURE GIMBAL FOR HEAD GIMBAL ASSEMBLY SWAY MODE CONTROL" for
the registration of patent.

Inventors: TAO; KATHRYN; (CLAYTON, CA) ; WILLIAMS; STEPHEN; (MORGAN HILL, CA)
Assignee: HGST NETHERLANDS B.V.
Amsterdam
NL

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Approaches to a mass balanced flexure gimbal assembly for controlling the sway
mode of the loadbeam portion of the suspension of a head gimbal assembly (HGA)
of a hard-disk drive (HDD). The sway mode of concern is that which is excited
when a head slider is actuated by a plurality of piezo actuation devices of a
secondary actuation system. A suspension includes a mass attached to the
suspension flexure and configured for balancing a moment force about the gimbal,
about which a slider rotates when microactuated. The mass is located on the side
of the slider opposing the side on which the piezo actuation devices are
mounted, to counteract the mass of the piezo devices."

The Patent was filed on December 19, 2012 under application No. 20140168813

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                             March 30, 2008 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Team owner in uproar over missing part; Disagreement over severity of sway bar's
disappearance

BYLINE: Charlotte Observer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 463  words

DATELINE: MARTINSVILLE, Va.


MARTINSVILLE, Va. - Jack Roush said this week that a Toyota team committed
"theft" in taking a front sway bar from his team and said he might take legal
action.

Roush, owner of five NASCAR Sprint Cup Series teams, would not name the team he
said took the part at a race in Dover (Del.) last fall. Michael Waltrip told
scenedaily.com his team took the part by mistake, then called Roush's team and
arranged to return it.

That differed with Roush's details at Martinsville Speedway, where Jeff Gordon
won the pole for today's Goody's 500 with a lap at 96.288 m.p.h.

"This team went behind my toolbox and took my bar out of my inventory and put it
with their inventory and took it home with them," Roush said.

Roush said the sway bar's design was proprietary to his team and was developed
to help address issues presented by NASCAR's car of tomorrow. It had a serial
number, carried special paint and was longer and lighter than front sway bars
used by most teams.

During the off-season, Roush said, a vendor informed the team it had been asked
if it would make ends for "Roush sway bars." That led Roush's team to check its
inventory, and that's when it discovered one of about 100 it had was missing.

"We had hired somebody who had worked for that team who became aware of the
discussion about the missing bar," Roush said. "He said, "Yeah, I saw the bar. I
know where it is. It's in some storage area that is in this other team's place.'
" Roush said, "I wanted to go supersonic." Roush said he wanted to get a search
warrant.

A manager at Roush Fenway Racing called the Toyota team and asked about the sway
bar.

The team found it had the part, Roush said, and brought it to the manager at
Roush who'd called. Roush said the paint had been sandblasted off but the serial
number was unchanged. He said he decided to go to NASCAR to see if they would
handle it.

NASCAR, however, does not seem inclined to get involved.

"What I would say is the teams need to work it out," said Robin Pemberton,
NASCAR vice-president for competition.

Gordon, who earned his seventh Martinsville pole, laughed at the whole issue.

"I think the whole thing is just hilarious," said Gordon, who drives for
Hendrick Motorsports. "I really hope Jack isn't taking it that serious. If he's
really that upset about it, I want to know what's going on with that sway bar.
Maybe they figured out something." Gordon said this "happens all the time."
Pemberton indicated a similar feeling.

Roush said the theft is not business as usual.

Dale Earnhardt Jr., who'll start 22nd today, said he thinks such a theft would
be a serious offence. "I don't care what his excuse was or if he was put up to
it or whatever," he said. "If anybody steals anything from my pit stall, he has
no business being in the garage. No second chances."

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Gordon ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

United States Courts Opinions: United States District Court Eastern District of
Eleventh Circuit: UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, Plaintiff-Appellee, versus THOMAS
VICTOR SWAY, Defendant-Appellant.

LENGTH: 541  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States District Court Eastern District of Eleventh Circuit
has issued the following order:



  [DO NOT PUBLISH] IN THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH
CIRCUIT ________________________ No. 15-13234 Non-Argument Calendar
________________________ D.C. Docket No. 3:14-cr-00057-MCR-1 UNITED STATES OF
AMERICA, Plaintiff-Appellee, versus THOMAS VICTOR SWAY, Defendant-Appellant.
________________________ Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Northern District of Florida ________________________ (July 27, 2016) Before
HULL, MARCUS and BLACK, Circuit Judges. PER CURIAM: Case: 15-13234 Date Filed:
07/27/2016 Page: 1 of 3 2 Thomas Sway appeals his conviction for receiving child
pornography, in violation of 18 U.S.C. §§ 2252A(2) and (b)(1). Sway contends the
district court plainly erred by permitting an investigating officer to testify
for the Government as both a fact and expert witness without properly
distinguishing the two roles for the jury.

After review,1 we affirm. The district court did not plainly err by permitting
the investigating officer to testify as both a fact and expert witness. See
United States v. Grzybowicz, 747 F.3d 1296, 1302-03, 1311 (11th Cir. 2014)
(affirming the district court's decision to permit an investigating officer to
present expert opinion regarding computer forensics in a child pornography
case). To coherently present the investigating officer's testimony, the
Government attempted to bifurcate the testimony into a fact portion and an
expert portion, an arrangement to which Sway did not object. The district court,
too, instructed the jury regarding the weight to be given to expert opinion
testimony. Although the district court might have instructed the jury regarding
the distinction between a dual-role witness's fact and opinion testimony, cf.
United States v. Vera, 770 F.3d 1232, 1243 (9th Cir. 2014) (requiring a
clarifying instruction for dual-role witnesses), Sway fails to identify 1 We
review for abuse of discretion a district court's decision regarding the
admissibility of expert testimony. United States v. Frazier, 387 F.3d 1244, 1258
(11th Cir. 2004). Where, as here, the defendant fails to object an alleged
error, we review for plain error. See United States v. Raad, 406 F.3d 1322, 1323
(11th Cir. 2005). To establish plain error, a defendant must show (1) an error,
(2) that is plain or obvious, (3) affecting his substantial rights in that it
was prejudicial and not harmless, and (4) that seriously affects the fairness,
integrity, or public reputation of the judicial proceedings. See id. Case:
15-13234 Date Filed: 07/27/2016 Page: 2 of 3 3 precedent from the Supreme Court
or from this Court requiring such an instruction. Therefore, the district court
did not plainly err in failing to give an additional instruction. United States
v. Cavallo, 790 F.3d 1202, 1234 (11th Cir. 2015) ("[T]here can be no plain error
where there is no precedent from the Supreme Court or this Court directly
resolving an issue." (quotation marks and alteration omitted)). AFFIRMED. Case:
15-13234 Date Filed: 07/27/2016 Page: 3 of 3



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

United States Courts Opinions: United States District Court Eastern District of
Eleventh Circuit: UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, Plaintiff-Appellee, versus THOMAS
VICTOR SWAY, Defendant-Appellant.

LENGTH: 541  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States District Court Eastern District of Eleventh Circuit
has issued the following order:



  [DO NOT PUBLISH] IN THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH
CIRCUIT ________________________ No. 15-13234 Non-Argument Calendar
________________________ D.C. Docket No. 3:14-cr-00057-MCR-1 UNITED STATES OF
AMERICA, Plaintiff-Appellee, versus THOMAS VICTOR SWAY, Defendant-Appellant.
________________________ Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Northern District of Florida ________________________ (July 27, 2016) Before
HULL, MARCUS and BLACK, Circuit Judges. PER CURIAM: Case: 15-13234 Date Filed:
07/27/2016 Page: 1 of 3 2 Thomas Sway appeals his conviction for receiving child
pornography, in violation of 18 U.S.C. §§ 2252A(2) and (b)(1). Sway contends the
district court plainly erred by permitting an investigating officer to testify
for the Government as both a fact and expert witness without properly
distinguishing the two roles for the jury.

After review,1 we affirm. The district court did not plainly err by permitting
the investigating officer to testify as both a fact and expert witness. See
United States v. Grzybowicz, 747 F.3d 1296, 1302-03, 1311 (11th Cir. 2014)
(affirming the district court's decision to permit an investigating officer to
present expert opinion regarding computer forensics in a child pornography
case). To coherently present the investigating officer's testimony, the
Government attempted to bifurcate the testimony into a fact portion and an
expert portion, an arrangement to which Sway did not object. The district court,
too, instructed the jury regarding the weight to be given to expert opinion
testimony. Although the district court might have instructed the jury regarding
the distinction between a dual-role witness's fact and opinion testimony, cf.
United States v. Vera, 770 F.3d 1232, 1243 (9th Cir. 2014) (requiring a
clarifying instruction for dual-role witnesses), Sway fails to identify 1 We
review for abuse of discretion a district court's decision regarding the
admissibility of expert testimony. United States v. Frazier, 387 F.3d 1244, 1258
(11th Cir. 2004). Where, as here, the defendant fails to object an alleged
error, we review for plain error. See United States v. Raad, 406 F.3d 1322, 1323
(11th Cir. 2005). To establish plain error, a defendant must show (1) an error,
(2) that is plain or obvious, (3) affecting his substantial rights in that it
was prejudicial and not harmless, and (4) that seriously affects the fairness,
integrity, or public reputation of the judicial proceedings. See id. Case:
15-13234 Date Filed: 07/27/2016 Page: 2 of 3 3 precedent from the Supreme Court
or from this Court requiring such an instruction. Therefore, the district court
did not plainly err in failing to give an additional instruction. United States
v. Cavallo, 790 F.3d 1202, 1234 (11th Cir. 2015) ("[T]here can be no plain error
where there is no precedent from the Supreme Court or this Court directly
resolving an issue." (quotation marks and alteration omitted)). AFFIRMED. Case:
15-13234 Date Filed: 07/27/2016 Page: 3 of 3



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                  Massage Sway

                          11011 Domain Drive Suite 124
                               Austin,  TX 78758
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (512) 873-0999
URL: www.massagesway.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Massage Sway is a boutique spa located in the heart of the Domain, Austin's
finest outdoor shopping mall. At Massage Sway, we believe in offering the most
luxurious spa experience through our exemplary customer service and also through
our unique sway protocol which is explained in full detail in the 'General
Information' section of our website. Massage Sway features many services such as
our very popular Signature Sway Massage, Hot Stone Therapy, Couple's Massage,
Waxing, Oxygen Lift Facial, Microdermabrasion, Chemical Peel treatment, Tinting,
Organic Treatments, Anti-Aging treatments and much more.  Upon arrival, you may
enjoy a taste of infused water, red or white wine, and a delicious assortment of
snacks in our relaxation room.  Our Sway protocol which is performed in every
service, is designed to heighten the senses of each guest during his/her service
and allow for the truest serenity experience. Through this protocol, we have
tailored key scents and temperatures to relax the mind and soul. Each service
begins with hot towel therapy on the back and a whiff of organic rosemary mint
breathe-in-mist. Mid way through the service, we follow with hot towels on the
feet along with a soothing eye pillow to quiet the temples. To conclude the
service, we let the lavender orange soufflÃ© breathe-in-mist take effect in
awakening your senses to go back into the world. You will leave not only feeling
rejuvenated but more in tune with your well being.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              70 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            March 15, 2012 Thursday

Mexican chain's Florida debut will be here

BYLINE: Gary T. Mills

SECTION: dining notes; Pg. D-3

LENGTH: 795 words


A Seattle, Wash.-based Mexican fast-food chain plans to open its first Florida
restaurant on Jacksonville's Southside.

Taco del Mar - known for its hand-rolled Mission-style burritos and fish tacos -
will take over the recently vacated Quiznos Subs location at 7159 Philips
Highway.

In a 1,400-plus-square-foot storefront, Taco del Mar will join Jimmy John's
Gourmet Sandwiches, the recently opened Sushi Factory, Spice-To-Go and Tropical
Smoothie Cafe in a small retail strip near the intersection with Butler
Boulevard.

After opening its first restaurant 20 years ago in Seattle's historic waterfront
district, the chain quickly grew in the mid-2000s, boasting 270 locations in
2008, according to a report in the Seattle Times. Between 2005-2009, however,
more than 200 of its restaurants closed.

Following a bankruptcy sale in October 2010, Taco del Mar is expanding again,
with 132 restaurants open across 15 states with several more planned to open
soon, according to the company's website.

The Jacksonville location would be the first in Florida and among the first in
the Southeastern U.S.

CHICK-FIL-A TO JOIN 'RECEIPT DAY' OFFER

Apparently Zaxby's isn't the only fast-food chicken chain to use the "Receipt
Day" promotion.

On Friday, Chick-fil-A's Roosevelt Square restaurant will present its own
"Receipt Day" offer, which allows customers to return to the restaurant at a
later date for a free meal.

Here's how it works:

From 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. Friday, when you purchase any amount of food at the
Roosevelt Square restaurant, save your receipt. You can return to the same
restaurant at any time between Saturday, March 17 and Monday, April 16, and get
the same meal for free. (The offer excludes free or discounted items, catering
orders, trays, calendars or other promotional items. Only original receipts
dated March 16 will be accepted.)

Several Jacksonville-area Zaxby's restaurants have offered the "Receipt Day"
promotion in recent weeks and months.

The results of a quick Internet search, however, show that various Chick-fil-A
restaurants have used the promotion dating back to at least 2007.

Chick-fil-A's Roosevelt Square restaurant is located at 4495 Roosevelt Blvd.

FREE FOOD FOR A YEAR, IF YOU KNOW YOUR HOOPS

More fun from Chick-fil-A.

According to its Facebook page, Chick-fil-A's St. Johns Town Center restaurant
is offering a year's worth of free Chick-fil-A food to the person that wins the
restaurant's NCAA Tourney bracket challenge on Facebook.

To play, go to facebook.com/CBSSports and launch the Facebook Brackets app.
Under the "Groups" tab, search and join "Madness for Chicken," the group created
and administered by Chick-fil-A's St. Johns Town Center restaurant. Then make
your picks under the "Brackets" tab.

Be sure to make and submit your picks before today's games start.

DAILY MEALS NO MORE AT BEACHES' SWAY

Sway Restaurant & Martini Bar has discontinued its daily restaurant operations,
opting to focus instead on its banquet business.

A sign on the Jacksonville Beach restaurant's door reads: "We are excited to
announce the opening of all our space and facilities for your banquet needs.
Also, we now take reservations for 25 to 600 people on our premises."

Sway held its Grand Opening in mid-October, offering the first 350 people
through its doors a chance at cracking a safe to win $25,000. Plans also called
for awarding one free dinner per week for a year to 50 of the evening's guests.

By the first week of December, however, the restaurant had reduced its
operations to limited bar service and private events. According to a review
posted December 2 at OpenTable.com, a diner arrived at Sway one evening only to
find it closed after making a reservation through OpenTable earlier in the day.

Sway opened in late September at the former The Brasserie spot, which closed
earlier that month after just 15 months in operation.

The closing of Sway's restaurant operations coincides with the recent departures
of Mixx and Copper Top. All were located in a 6-block stretch of Beach
Boulevard.

OUTBACK OFFERS A BLOOMIN' FREEBIE

You don't have to be a NASCAR fan to claim this special offer from Outback
Steakhouse - but it helps.

Each time NASCAR driver Ryan Newman finishes in the Top 10 of any Sprint Cup
Series race this season, Outback diners win a free Bloomin' Onion appetizer on
the Monday after the race.

The offer is good with any purchase when you mention Ryan Newman to the
restaurant's waitstaff.

That was the case this week when Newman placed fourth at Sunday's Kobalt Tools
400 at Las Vegas Motor Speedway.

Your next chance to win comes this weekend, when Newman is scheduled to race the
Food City 500 on Sunday at Bristol (Tenn.) Motor Speedway.

gary.mills@jacksonville.com (904) 359-4422

Twitter: @garytmills

Facebook: Gary T. Mills - Dining Notes

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Gary T. Mills@ The Times-Union As indicated by the sign in the window, Taco del
Mar is planning to open in a former Quiznos on Philips Highway in Jacksonville.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Florida Times-Union


                              71 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

He plays the good guys on stage

                               September 8, 1999

Suzanne Sng


OPERA STAR

Such roles contribute to his popularity, says opera singer Man Chin Sway, who
will retire next year and move to live in Los Angeles

ONE of the most popular and enduring Cantonese opera singers, Man Chin Sway has
spent the greater half of his life on stage. But the 56-year-old opera great
says he will retire next year and will no longer perform.

He also plans to move to the United States. With that, he will bring to a close
a long and successful stage career.

Man, who has his own opera troupe Fu Wing Wah in Hongkong, has been involved in
the art form for almost 47 years. Born Wong Fu Wah, he took on the stage name of
Man Chin Sway to emulate his uncle, a well-respected opera artiste called Wong
Chin Sway.

With an uncle and both parents opera singers, Man began basic training with an
opera troupe at the young age of nine, learning how to sing and somersault. The
Guangzhou-born actor made his first stage appearance when he was 14 and was
hailed as a shen tong or child prodigy.

"When I was young, my parents controlled and forced me to learn," he said in a
mixture of Cantonese and Mandarin, plus a smattering of English phrases picked
up during his visits to his two sons in America.

Of his life-long passion for Cantonese opera, he said: "At first, it wasn't
interest. It was obedience. As time went on, it became a career. I needed to
take care of my parents and I needed to perform to survive. And slowly, the
interest grew."

He added in an interview over lunch on Monday at the Crystal Jade Palace
Restaurant: "When you go on stage and hear the applause and see the audience,
you feel a sense of excitement and accomplishment."

The actor spoke in a firm and confident voice, assured that because of his
status, every word he said was being noted. From the specially-prepared menu to
the front-row tickets for his show that he conjured with one phone call, he gave
every indication of being a star.

But there was not a hint of arrogance. He dressed simply for the interview, in a
checked shirt and jeans. He thanked the chef profusely for the wonderful meal.
And he attributed his superstar status modestly to the fact that he usually
plays lead characters, who are the good guys. That, he said, "endears me to the
audience".

He does not even consider himself a success, despite an illustrious recording
career. In the days before digital technology, he had recorded over 300 albums
on cassette. In recent years, the hardworking artiste had cut another 10 albums
on CD, and performed in four VCDs and two LDs.

"Every morning, when I was young, I trained for two hours," he said. "Even now,
I still practise. You need to continually practise to maintain your standards."

With a wry smile to his wife, Leung Siu Sum, 51, who often performs with him as
a hua dan (lead female role), he added: "Life as an actor is very, very tough.
It is tiring on the body and the mind. And there is pressure to please the
audience."

After a break of 27 years, Man is back in Singapore. Together with his wife, he
was brought in by Singapore's Flying Eagle Hongkong Cantonese Opera Troupe to
perform at the Kreta Ayer People's Theatre till Sept 16. Somersaulting and
singing on stage together with them are 53 members of the Shun Tuck Cantonese
Opera Troupe from Guangzhou, China.

This could be one of the last times Singaporean audiences can catch this
Cantonese opera great in all his glory on stage. By the end of next year, he
will be in Los Angeles with his two sons. He and his wife have been American
citizens since 1992.

"My sons say it is too tough on us old folks and we should take a rest now. But
I won't be bored, I will be teaching Cantonese opera there. It is for fun, for
the amateurs," he said with a fatherly smile.

"I won't perform on stage any more after I retire," he said without a tinge of
regret. "I want to leave a good impression forever."

SECTION: Life; Life!; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 911 words

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Last chance for fans to catch this opera great in action. (Page L1);
Often performing together are Guangzhou-born Man Chin Sway and his wife Leung
Siu Sum. (Page L8)

                 Copyright 1999 The Straits Times Press Limited


                              72 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 27, 2014 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

In the Galleries: 'Louloudi,' 'Sway,' 'Two Architects - Design,' 'Atmosphere'

BYLINE: mark jenkins

SECTION: SUNDAY ARTS; Pg. E03

LENGTH: 1079 words


Louloudi

There are metal and wood pieces in "Louloudi: Flower / To Flower," the
Washington Sculptors Group show at the Athenaeum but also ones made with vines,
seed pods and dried blossoms. Some of the two dozen artists craft works that
appear fragile, while others merely forgo delicacy, using household or
industrial materials. Elizabeth Burger arranged brown pods in a sunburst; Mike
Shaffer placed red-painted light bulbs as the blooms in a most unnatural floral
arrangement.

While "Louloudi" is Greek for flower, that theme was meant to be loosely
interpreted, explains curator Renée Stout's statement. What the art generally
shares, besides its representation of foliage, is a modest scale. Artemis Herber
contributed "Stems," five towering stalks of corrugated cardboard, painted
yellow-green, that evoke both Anne Truitt's painted columns and asparagus. Yet
most of the other sculptures are smaller and wall-mounted.

Both Shaffer and Annie Farrar incorporate dried flowers into all-black
assemblages, defying spring's palette and seasonal themes of rebirth. Craig
Schaffer and Barbara Kobylinska fabricate curving vegetal forms from,
respectively, bronze or clay. Perhaps the most incongruous substance is plastic,
crimped into a sort of bush by Joel D'Orazio and planted among diverse other
ingredients in several mixed-media gardens. Whether represented in silk, steel
or polyurethane, the flower remains a powerful archetype.

Louloudi: Flower / To Flower  On view through May 4 at the Athenaeum, 201 Prince
St., Alexandria; 703-548-0035; www.nvfaa.org.

Natalie Shudt

Just a short walk away at the Torpedo Factory, an Art League Gallery show
complements "Louloudi." Natalie Shudt's "Sway" consists mostly of simulated
leaves and fronds, stitched from brightly hued silk and mounted on wooden blocks
or found-wood pieces. Also included are textile lily pads, which hang from the
ceiling, and fabric fungi that grip the walls the way mushrooms grow on tree
trunks. The whimsy is magnified by the Virginia artist's choice of colors, which
include red, purple and peacock blue. If "Sway" evokes a greenhouse full of
tropical plants, it also suggests more dreamlike experiences.

Natalie Shudt: Sway  On view through May 5 at the Art League Gallery, Torpedo
Factory, 105 N. Union St., Alexandria; 703-683-1780; www.theartleague.org.

Ben Van Dusen

& Roy Kesrouani

The current exhibition at Cross Mackenzie Gallery balances the fantastic and the
utilitarian. "Two Architects - Design" pairs Ben Van Dusen's large drawings of a
"Cosmic Metropolis" with Roy Kesrouani's "Spooning Armchairs," minimalist yet
comfortable seating made from thick sheets of partially recycled plastic. Both
artist/architects work in black and white and employ straight lines, so that the
L.A.-based Kesrouani's functional creations fit neatly with the D.C.-dwelling
Van Dusen's rationalist fantasias.

Combining Bauhaus austerity and art deco detailing with M.C. Escher's sense of
play, Van Dusen renders elaborate, multi-panel cityscapes that soar and sprawl
but always tidily. There are no visible people, and - it seems likely - no
oppressed workers underground, as in Fritz Lang's 1927 film "Metropolis."
Indeed, the wall-filling compositions don't suggest any particular sort of
inhabitant or society. Yet there is a human touch, because Van Dusen draws these
computer-precise vistas by hand. He also, for those who don't want to commit to
an entire Euclidian universe, offers details of his drawings in the form of
prints or wrapping paper. The latter would be ideal for bundling one of
Kesrouani's spare chairs.

Two Architects - Design: Ben Van Dusen & Roy Kesrouani  On view through May 7 at
Cross Mackenzie Gallery, 2026 R St. NW; 202-333-7970; www.crossmackenzie.com.

Bobby Coleman

There's something fundamentally urban about Bobby Coleman's paintings, and it's
not just his use of spray paint to add graffiti-like markings. The title of the
artist's Randall Scott Projects show, "The Things I Think I Can Make," refers to
the way he combines observations stored in what he calls "my lexicon of
available imagery, or visual vocabulary." That draws from the overlapping, and
sometimes competing, graphic vernaculars of city streets.

A 2011 American University MFA graduate who now lives in Baltimore, Coleman
paints and draws on wooden panels, using pencil, permanent-ink markers and
acrylic pigment. These media, along with the evident wood grain, provide a sense
of multiple perspectives and accretions over time. Coleman also contrasts
freehand painting with hard-edged blocks of uniform shape and color that serve
as various sorts of borders. In "Where the Tracks End," a procession of yellow
bars suggest the rail lines that often divide neighborhoods.

The artist avoids the primary colors and neon hues that might suggest the
commercial vitality of city life. Despite the vigor of Coleman's approach, the
results are muted. The colors have been diluted and the contours frayed, whether
by urban decline or just softening memory.

Bobby Coleman: The Things I Think I Can Make  On view through Saturday at
Randall Scott Projects, 1326 H St. NE, 2nd Floor; 202-396-0300;
www.randallscottprojects.com.

Atmosphere

Four local artists are showing work inspired by a two-week visit to Beijing at
Transformer, the gallery that organized their 2013 trip. "Atmosphere" seems to
take its title from the contribution of Zach Storm, who painted slivers of
smoggy sky as seen from his hotel window on 11 successive days. Rendered on
aluminum with paint, gold and automotive primer, the pictures have a metallic
shimmer that's lively and lovely. The idea of breathing the air they depict,
however, is not so pretty.

Stephanie Kwak's video "smfoggy" takes an aerial tour of Chinese landmarks,
surveyed by two airborne women in a playful jaunt that combines travelogue, rock
video and those vintage Chinese action movies with hokey special effects. In his
video "Smog," Paul Shortt tours a fast-redeveloping capital while wearing a
cloth mask over his face. But the city is Washington rather than Beijing. The
two towns's equivalence seems obvious, yet not profound. Chandi Kelley's
photographs include images of such made-in-China novelties as a toy insect and a
bag of "Real Plastic Snow." They're two small examples of a de-natured city -
and world.

style@washpost.com

Atmosphere  On view through Saturday at Transformer, 1404 P St. NW;
202-483-1102; www.transformerdc.org

Mark Jenkins is a freelance writer.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                      November 1, 2013 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Starwood Property Trust Announces Spin-Off of Single-Family Residential Business

LENGTH: 1579  words


New Delhi, Nov. 1 -- Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD) today announced that
its Board of Directors has unanimously approved a spin-off of its single-family
residential business to its stockholders. The newly formed real estate
investment trust (REIT), to be called Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust, will
apply to list on the New York Stock Exchange and trade under the ticker symbol "
SWAY." Upon completion of the spin-off, SWAY will be one of the largest publicly
traded investors, owners and operators of U.S. single-family rental homes and
non-performing residential mortgage loans ("NPLs") in the United States.



SWAY Management, an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group, will serve as the
manager of SWAY. In connection with the spin-off, Waypoint Real Estate Group
("Waypoint"), a leading vertically integrated single-family rental operating
platform, will merge with SWAY Management. Terms of the transaction were not
disclosed.

As of September 30, 2013, Starwood Property Trust's single-family residential
portfolio, which will be owned and operated by SWAY following the completion of
the spin-off, consisted of approximately 5,817 units in single-family homes and
NPLs, totaling approximately $750 million of invested capital. SWAY will
leverage Waypoint's highly experienced management team, employees and
industry-leading operating platform to manage the assets, convert NPLs to
single-family homes for sale or rent and continue to maximize total shareholder
return on equity and grow the portfolio in a highly selective fashion.

As part of the spin-off, Starwood Property Trust expects to contribute $100
million in cash to the anticipated unlevered balance sheet of SWAY to fund its
growth and operations. In addition, at the time of the spin-off, SWAY also
expects to have a fully committed financing line of credit with initial
available borrowing capacity in excess of $400 million.  Together, the available
cash and credit facility will provide SWAY with significant financial capacity
to support its growth and operating plans.

"Starwood Property Trust took advantage of the housing cycle and acquired both
single-family homes and NPLs at prices that we believe were at a significant
discount to replacement cost in our select target markets dominated by Florida
and Texas in an effort to achieve an attractive long-term total rate of return
on our shareholder's capital.  Recent third party valuation work suggests that
the estimated fair value of our portfolio is between 1.10x and 1.20x our cost
basis and we expect to provide updated third party valuations (NAVs) on at least
an annual basis," stated Barry Sternlicht, Starwood Property Trust's Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer. "Starwood Property Trust's investment in the sector
has now reached critical mass.  It has become a distinct business separate from
our core lending platform, more closely resembling an equity play."

Mr. Sternlicht continued: "With Waypoint's best-in-class management team and
deeply experienced operating platform, we are positioned to grow Starwood
Waypoint Residential Trust, effectively manage our growing NPL operation and
maximize the value of our single-family residential investments in the coming
years. Together with Waypoint, we expect to create a portfolio focused on
markets where scale, current yield and home price appreciation should provide
our shareholders with a very attractive total rate of return that we believe is
at least as compelling as returns available in other major real estate asset
classes.  In addition, Starwood Property Trust expects to maintain its current
dividend to its shareholders and to continue to deploy capital in a large
pipeline of investment opportunities."

Mr. Sternlicht will serve as Chairman of SWAY. Gary Beasley and Doug Brien,
Waypoint's current co-Chief Executive Officers, will serve as co-Chief Executive
Officers of SWAY and Colin Wiel, Waypoint's current Chief Investment Officer,
will serve as Chief Investment Officer of SWAY.

Founded in 2009, Waypoint is an institutional pioneer in the single-family
rental industry with an established history of success. With approximately 570
employees located in 13 regional offices across the country, Waypoint is one of
the single-family rental sector's largest and most seasoned operators. The
vertically-integrated organization leverages an advanced technology-driven
operating platform - the result of a four-year endeavor focused on efficiency,
cost minimization and revenue optimization - as the foundation for its deal
sourcing, underwriting, acquisition, renovation, leasing and various property
management functions.

"The primary objective of Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust will be to
generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for shareholders over the long-term by
leveraging Starwood Capital Group's real estate experience and Waypoint's
operational expertise and proven technology platform," stated Mr. Beasley. "We
look forward to helping build the industry's premier single-family rental
company."

Mr. Brien commented: "This is a unique and highly complementary combination as
it brings together Starwood's impressive portfolio of single-family homes and
NPLs, transaction experience, real estate expertise and access to capital with
Waypoint's industry-leading single-family rental operating platform and track
record."

Rick Magnuson, Founder and Executive Managing Director of GI Partners,
Waypoint's lead investor, commented: "In working closely with Waypoint, we have
been consistently impressed by the management team and are pleased that Waypoint
is taking the platform to the next level in the public market."

Summary of Strategic Attributes:

SWAY will provide Starwood Property Trust stockholders with the opportunity to
own a publicly traded REIT that possesses an industry-leading single-family
rental operating platform and considerable long-term growth potential:

* Affiliation with Starwood Capital Group: Utilize Starwood Capital Group's
knowledge of residential real estate and established track record of distressed
investing to guide our targeted approach in acquiring single-family homes and
NPLs.

* Leading Vertically-Integrated Operating Platform: SWAY will benefit from a
proven, vertically-integrated, scalable platform allowing it to effectively
build and manage its growing portfolio of more than 5,817 single-family homes
and NPLs. The Waypoint platform includes approximately 570 dedicated employees
specializing in market selection, acquisitions, asset protection, leasing, and
property management, as well as its innovative, cloud-based business management
system known as Compass. Furthermore, Waypoint's proprietary technology should
provide a sustainable competitive advantage to SWAY with the flexibility to
identify trends and capitalize on investment opportunities.

* Experienced and Proven Management Team: SWAY will be led by a proven and
experienced management team that has been involved in the single-family rental
home space since 2009, longer than many institutional competitors.

* Ability to Generate Attractive Total Returns: Given the size and quality of
its current portfolio, and leveraging the Waypoint platform to continue to
acquire strategically and operate efficiently, SWAY is positioned to generate
attractive total returns by capitalizing on the attractive current yields and
anticipated price appreciation for single-family homes in the U.S. Increasing
home prices and rising interest rates negatively impact home affordability for
consumers, making single family rentals more appealing and providing an
opportunity to achieve healthy occupancy levels and rent growth over time.

* Proven NPL Strategy:  SWAY will benefit from a proven NPL investment strategy,
providing it with an ongoing strategic competitive advantage over its industry
peers and will be a key contributor to generating attractive risk-adjusted
returns for stockholders. The considerable residential expertise and
longstanding relationships afforded by its manager provide SWAY with a robust
acquisition pipeline to facilitate continued growth. SWAY's existing partnership
with an established NPL workout specialist and asset manager will drive the most
economically beneficial outcome for each loan and maximize homes acquired
through settlement as the real estate market continues to improve.

* SWAY intends to continue to acquire portfolios of NPLs at significant
discounts to the value of the underlying homes. Upon acquisition of these NPLs,
SWAY may seek to (1) convert the loans into homes that can then either be
contributed to its rental portfolio or sold or (2) modify and hold or sell the
loans at higher prices if circumstances warrant. We believe that homes acquired
in this manner will have a lower cost basis than those acquired through other
acquisition channels.

* As of September 30, 2013, SWAY had a NPL portfolio of 1,549 loans with $413.4
million in unpaid principal balance and $313.6 million in market value of the
underlying properties and $197.7 million in book value.  The acquisition of
attractively priced NPLs will be a key additional driver of returns, book value,
and shareholder value.

* Opportunity to Create a Leading Consumer Brand: Residential housing is the
largest asset class in the U.S. with more than 130 million units representing
approximately $17 trillion in value. SWAY has considerable opportunity to grow
and be recognized as a leading consumer brand in the emerging single-family
rental industry.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                     October 31, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Starwood Property Trust Announces Spin-Off of Single-Family Residential Business

LENGTH: 1580  words


New Delhi, Oct. 31 -- Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD) today announced that
its Board of Directors has unanimously approved a spin-off of its single-family
residential business to its stockholders. The newly formed real estate
investment trust (REIT), to be called Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust, will
apply to list on the New York Stock Exchange and trade under the ticker symbol "
SWAY." Upon completion of the spin-off, SWAY will be one of the largest publicly
traded investors, owners and operators of U.S. single-family rental homes and
non-performing residential mortgage loans ("NPLs") in the United States.



SWAY Management, an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group, will serve as the
manager of SWAY. In connection with the spin-off, Waypoint Real Estate Group
("Waypoint"), a leading vertically integrated single-family rental operating
platform, will merge with SWAY Management. Terms of the transaction were not
disclosed.

As of September 30, 2013, Starwood Property Trust's single-family residential
portfolio, which will be owned and operated by SWAY following the completion of
the spin-off, consisted of approximately 5,817 units in single-family homes and
NPLs, totaling approximately $750 million of invested capital. SWAY will
leverage Waypoint's highly experienced management team, employees and
industry-leading operating platform to manage the assets, convert NPLs to
single-family homes for sale or rent and continue to maximize total shareholder
return on equity and grow the portfolio in a highly selective fashion.

As part of the spin-off, Starwood Property Trust expects to contribute $100
million in cash to the anticipated unlevered balance sheet of SWAY to fund its
growth and operations. In addition, at the time of the spin-off, SWAY also
expects to have a fully committed financing line of credit with initial
available borrowing capacity in excess of $400 million.  Together, the available
cash and credit facility will provide SWAY with significant financial capacity
to support its growth and operating plans.

"Starwood Property Trust took advantage of the housing cycle and acquired both
single-family homes and NPLs at prices that we believe were at a significant
discount to replacement cost in our select target markets dominated by Florida
and Texas in an effort to achieve an attractive long-term total rate of return
on our shareholder's capital.  Recent third party valuation work suggests that
the estimated fair value of our portfolio is between 1.10x and 1.20x our cost
basis and we expect to provide updated third party valuations (NAVs) on at least
an annual basis," stated Barry Sternlicht, Starwood Property Trust's Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer. "Starwood Property Trust's investment in the sector
has now reached critical mass.  It has become a distinct business separate from
our core lending platform, more closely resembling an equity play."

Mr. Sternlicht continued: "With Waypoint's best-in-class management team and
deeply experienced operating platform, we are positioned to grow Starwood
Waypoint Residential Trust, effectively manage our growing NPL operation and
maximize the value of our single-family residential investments in the coming
years. Together with Waypoint, we expect to create a portfolio focused on
markets where scale, current yield and home price appreciation should provide
our shareholders with a very attractive total rate of return that we believe is
at least as compelling as returns available in other major real estate asset
classes.  In addition, Starwood Property Trust expects to maintain its current
dividend to its shareholders and to continue to deploy capital in a large
pipeline of investment opportunities."

Mr. Sternlicht will serve as Chairman of SWAY. Gary Beasley and Doug Brien,
Waypoint's current co-Chief Executive Officers, will serve as co-Chief Executive
Officers of SWAY and Colin Wiel, Waypoint's current Chief Investment Officer,
will serve as Chief Investment Officer of SWAY.

Founded in 2009, Waypoint is an institutional pioneer in the single-family
rental industry with an established history of success. With approximately 570
employees located in 13 regional offices across the country, Waypoint is one of
the single-family rental sector's largest and most seasoned operators. The
vertically-integrated organization leverages an advanced technology-driven
operating platform - the result of a four-year endeavor focused on efficiency,
cost minimization and revenue optimization - as the foundation for its deal
sourcing, underwriting, acquisition, renovation, leasing and various property
management functions.

"The primary objective of Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust will be to
generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for shareholders over the long-term by
leveraging Starwood Capital Group's real estate experience and Waypoint's
operational expertise and proven technology platform," stated Mr. Beasley. "We
look forward to helping build the industry's premier single-family rental
company."

Mr. Brien commented: "This is a unique and highly complementary combination as
it brings together Starwood's impressive portfolio of single-family homes and
NPLs, transaction experience, real estate expertise and access to capital with
Waypoint's industry-leading single-family rental operating platform and track
record."

Rick Magnuson, Founder and Executive Managing Director of GI Partners,
Waypoint's lead investor, commented: "In working closely with Waypoint, we have
been consistently impressed by the management team and are pleased that Waypoint
is taking the platform to the next level in the public market."

Summary of Strategic Attributes:

SWAY will provide Starwood Property Trust stockholders with the opportunity to
own a publicly traded REIT that possesses an industry-leading single-family
rental operating platform and considerable long-term growth potential:

* Affiliation with Starwood Capital Group: Utilize Starwood Capital Group's
knowledge of residential real estate and established track record of distressed
investing to guide our targeted approach in acquiring single-family homes and
NPLs.

* Leading Vertically-Integrated Operating Platform: SWAY will benefit from a
proven, vertically-integrated, scalable platform allowing it to effectively
build and manage its growing portfolio of more than 5,817 single-family homes
and NPLs. The Waypoint platform includes approximately 570 dedicated employees
specializing in market selection, acquisitions, asset protection, leasing, and
property management, as well as its innovative, cloud-based business management
system known as Compass. Furthermore, Waypoint's proprietary technology should
provide a sustainable competitive advantage to SWAY with the flexibility to
identify trends and capitalize on investment opportunities.

* Experienced and Proven Management Team: SWAY will be led by a proven and
experienced management team that has been involved in the single-family rental
home space since 2009, longer than many institutional competitors.

* Ability to Generate Attractive Total Returns: Given the size and quality of
its current portfolio, and leveraging the Waypoint platform to continue to
acquire strategically and operate efficiently, SWAY is positioned to generate
attractive total returns by capitalizing on the attractive current yields and
anticipated price appreciation for single-family homes in the U.S. Increasing
home prices and rising interest rates negatively impact home affordability for
consumers, making single family rentals more appealing and providing an
opportunity to achieve healthy occupancy levels and rent growth over time.

* Proven NPL Strategy:  SWAY will benefit from a proven NPL investment strategy,
providing it with an ongoing strategic competitive advantage over its industry
peers and will be a key contributor to generating attractive risk-adjusted
returns for stockholders. The considerable residential expertise and
longstanding relationships afforded by its manager provide SWAY with a robust
acquisition pipeline to facilitate continued growth. SWAY's existing partnership
with an established NPL workout specialist and asset manager will drive the most
economically beneficial outcome for each loan and maximize homes acquired
through settlement as the real estate market continues to improve.

* SWAY intends to continue to acquire portfolios of NPLs at significant
discounts to the value of the underlying homes. Upon acquisition of these NPLs,
SWAY may seek to (1) convert the loans into homes that can then either be
contributed to its rental portfolio or sold or (2) modify and hold or sell the
loans at higher prices if circumstances warrant. We believe that homes acquired
in this manner will have a lower cost basis than those acquired through other
acquisition channels.

* As of September 30, 2013, SWAY had a NPL portfolio of 1,549 loans with $413.4
million in unpaid principal balance and $313.6 million in market value of the
underlying properties and $197.7 million in book value.  The acquisition of
attractively priced NPLs will be a key additional driver of returns, book value,
and shareholder value.

* Opportunity to Create a Leading Consumer Brand: Residential housing is the
largest asset class in the U.S. with more than 130 million units representing
approximately $17 trillion in value. SWAY has considerable opportunity to grow
and be recognized as a leading consumer brand in the emerging single-family
rental industry.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Mitsubishi Electric Research Laboratories, Inc.
(Massachusetts) on October 25, 2016 titled as "Controlling sway of elevator rope
using movement of elevator car"

LENGTH: 210 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,475,674 on October 25, 2016, to Mitsubishi Electric Research Laboratories,
Inc. (Massachusetts) titled as "Controlling sway of elevator rope using movement
of elevator car"

Inventors: Benosman; Mouhacine (Boston, MA), Fukui; Daiki (Tokyo, JP), Watanabe;
Seiji (Tokyo, JP), Nakazawa; Daisuke (Tokyo, JP)


Assignee: Mitsubishi Electric Research Laboratories, Inc. (Cambridge, MA)
(Massachusetts)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method reduces a sway of an elevator rope supporting an elevator car by
controlling a tension of the elevator rope. The tension is controlled using a
movement of the elevator sheave according to a control law of the tension of the
elevator rope between two points. The first point is associated with a contact
of the elevator rope with the elevator sheave. The second point is associated
with a contact of the elevator rope with the elevator car or a counterweight of
the elevator car. The control law is a function of one or combination of a
relative position, a relative velocity and a relative acceleration between the
first and the second points."

The patent was filed on July 2, 2013 Application No. 13/933,290


LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Maryland Gazette

                                 July 17, 2013

Musicians return after 20 years to play the plaza

BYLINE: KATHLEEN SHATT Correspondent

SECTION: B; Pg.2

LENGTH: 853  words


It's been more than 20 years since Paul Whitlock Jr. was belting out lyrics on
the plaza of the Arundel Center North as the lead singer of Skyline.

Whitlock, and drummer Jimmy Bryant will be back at 7:30 p.m. Friday with a new
band The Sway, but the genre remains the same - hits from the 1950s through the
'90s. The popular Glen Burnie musicians will return to Glen Burnie Town Center
plaza stage to close out this year's free outdoor concert series.

They will be joined by bass player Carroll Riley and guitarist Brian Sappington.

"We do everything from the '50s to rock 'n' roll, current stuff and country,"
Whitlock said. "We try to cater to everybody."

The name, which was penned by Whitlock, came after the band was brainstorming.
Whitlock said it came to him because people are always "swaying to the music."

The band has been together for about a year.

"Jimmy had been begging me for years to get back together with him," Whitlock
said.

While he and Bryant worked together for years, Riley and Sappington were new
additions. The Sway has been busy playing local clubs on weekends, including
Buffalo Wild Wings in Burwood Plaza and Perry's Restaurant in Odenton.

Their only limitation for play dates is that at least once a month, Whitlock
sings the national anthem at the Friday night boxing matches at Michael's Eighth
Avenue. It's a gig he's had for at least 10 years that means a lot to him. In
addition to the anthem, he also belts out Lee Greenwood's "God Bless the USA"
for the wounded soldiers in the audience. Whitlock said it's not widely known,
but Scott Wagner, who runs the family business, comps tickets to the soldiers.

"He brings in wounded soldiers for free," Whitlock said.

Whitlock graduated in 1986 from Glen Burnie High School, where he got his
initial stage experience. While he'd been singing with his grandmom since before
he could talk, he didn't perform on a stage before an audience until he signed
up to sing in the high school's annual talent show in 1985.

"That was the first time I'd ever performed in front of a crowd," he said.

In 1987, Skyline formed and, for the next five years, Whitlock was center stage,
singing lead vocals. After he moved on, Skyline stayed together for about three
more years before fading away.

Whitlock, who does underground construction work for a Baltimore Gas and
Electric subcontractor, is looking forward to Friday night's concert. He just
hopes the rain that sidelined last week's concert stays away.

The concert will end at 9 p.m. Those attending can park across the street in the
Glen Burnie parking garage for free. Vehicles of concert goers are not permitted
in the parking lot adjacent to the town center plaza.

Alcoholic beverages and pets are not permitted at the concert. Spectators should
bring their own lawn chairs or blankets for seating.

For more information, call Betsy Slikker at 410-647-0057.

SNL coffee house

Dale Overlock, a Christian rock singer from Maine, will perform at this
weekend's Saturday Night Live coffee house at North Glen Baptist Church, 508 W.
Furnace Branch Road. The doors will open at 7 p.m. Saturday.

Coffeehouse organizer Julie Drenning said Overlock has opened for Big Daddy
Weave and sounds like the 1990s group Creed.

Overlock is on his You Cover Tour and hopes to build a fan base in Maryland,
Drenning said. He will perform until 10 p.m.

He will sell copies of his CD "Meet Me Here" for $10 and T-shirts for $15.
Coffee house organizers also will sell Christian merchandise. Food, donated by
ShopRite of Glen Burnie, will be available.

Admission is free, but people should contact Drenning at
snlcoffeehouse@verizon.net or 410-761-3169 to make a reservation.

For details, visit www.facebook.com/SNLCoffeeHouse.

For details about the band, visit www.daleoverlock.tmgartist.com.

Clothing giveaway

The Missions and Outreach team at Peace Lutheran Church, 416 Wellham Ave., will
host its monthly clothing giveaway from 9 to 11 a.m. Saturday.

Clothing for all ages will be given away.

The church also accepts donations of gently worn clothing from the community.
Items can be dropped off at the church from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Tuesday through
Friday or by appointment.

For details, call 410-766-3283.

Crabs, casino trip

The Glen Burnie Lions Club will host a bus trip to Suicide Bridge restaurant in
Hurlock and the Harrington Racetrack and Casino in Delaware on Aug. 18.

The day will start off at the Suicide Bridge, where participants will board a
paddle boat for a three-hour crab feast cruise along the Choptank River. The
crab feast menu includes local steamed crabs, Maryland crab soup, fried chicken,
clam strips, corn on the cob, coleslaw, dessert, soda and beer. Afterwards, the
bus will stop for gambling and free buffet at the casino.

The bus will leave from the parking lot of the Lutheran Church of Our Redeemer
at 10 a.m. and will return at 10 p.m.

The cost is $82 and includes bus transportation, the crab feast cruise, $10 in
free play at the casino and a free buffet at the casino.

For details, call Terry McMahan at 410-551-0485, Paula Bohle at 410-969-7951 or
Phyllis Noel at 410-761-5587 or email glenburnielionsclub@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Sway will close out the Glen Burnie concert series at 7:30 p.m.
Friday. From left, Jimmy Bryant, Brian Sappington, Paul Whitlock and Carroll
Riley.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                                 April 20, 2009

Bloomberg and Friends Cheer for Volunteers, Obama

LENGTH: 312 words


In response to Barack Obama's push for more public service among Americans,
Michael Bloomberg is unveiling the city's effort to boost volunteerism .

&"If you grow up in New York City, you will learn how to serve, and you will be
expected to serve,&" Bloomberg told a crowd gathered at an indoor track in
Washington Heights.

The event was essentially a pep rally, complete with cheerleading sections
representing dozens of volunteer organizations, city employees wearing bright
orange t-shirts and hats, and a jumbotron above the stage that shows live shots
as the camera sweeps over the crowd on a crane.

Notables in attendance include Silda Wall Spitzer, wife of former governor Eliot
Spitzer, and Matilda Cuomo, wife of former governor Mario Cuomo and mother of
Attorney General Andrew Cuomo.

MTV News host Sway Calloway is also here.

Bloomberg unveiled the post of &"chief volunteer officer.&" which will be
awarded to Caroline Kennedy, who was recently close to being both a senator and
the U.S. ambassador to the Vatican.

The most notable (though not in-person) appearance was from Valerie Jarrett,
who, Bloomberg informed the crowd, is one of Obama's "closest advisers."

Jarrett, who appeared by video, praised the city's efforts, which take place in
the run-up to Obama signing the Serve America Act.

"Thank you for endorsing our efforts," Bloomberg said after Jarrett's video
appearance.

Bloomberg ticked off the initiatives, which include an advertising campaign-on
TV, in newspapers, and on billboards starting tomorrow-and a new web site to
help people find volunteer opportunities. Bloomberg also said city volunteers
will have the chance to be featured on a jumbotron in Times Square.

The mayor also got some kind words from MTV's Sway. During one exchange where
Sway was interviewing volunteers in the audience, Sway said to Bloomberg, "I got
your back."

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            January 26, 2004 Monday

THE PIANO LAD; OH TO BE YOUNG & TALENTED

BYLINE: BARBARA HOFFMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 455 words


IT'S hard to be Mr. Sophisticate when you're not old enough to drink.

But 20-year-old Peter Cincotti doesn't let it faze him.

Since he was 7, Manhattan's home-grown jazz prodigy has been regularly playing
piano in places that wouldn't otherwise let him in.

"It's so weird," he told The Post between gigs the other day.

"I was playing a club in Seattle and went to the bar to order a Coke and the
bartender's like, 'Sorry, sir, you'll have to step away from the bar.'

"I mean, I just wanted a Coke!"

Cincotti finally got the soda - and he seems to have the rest of the world on a
string.

The Columbia University sophomore took a leave of absence last year - and it's
been a pretty productive one:

He toured the world, released a CD (No. 1 on Billboard's Traditional Jazz chart)
and made a movie - two, if you count a non-speaking (but singing) cameo in the
coming "Spider-Man 2."

Next Monday, he'll make his Lincoln Center debut, playing and singing sultry
songs like "Sway" ("Make me thrill as only you know how/Sway me smooth, sway me
now") and "You Stepped Out of a Dream."

But real love, for now, is pretty much a dream.

"I don't have time for romance," he says, though a few years ago, he took a stab
at dating a movie star.

Cincotti was playing a club his senior year at Horace Mann when Jennifer Love
Hewitt came up for his autograph.

"She wants my autograph?" he remembers thinking, shaking his head. He gave it to
her, then asked her to his prom, which was right around the corner.

"I figured, Gee, what better time to ask Jennifer Love Hewitt out?

"She was making a movie then, but promised to call. And she did."

And while she couldn't go to the prom with him, "We've kind of been in touch
ever since," he admits.

Cincotti's career began at age 3, when his grandmother gave him a toy piano and
taught him to play "Happy Birthday."

"I've been on the road this whole year, and it's been crazy," he says. "I'm
having a ball, but the more I travel, the more I miss New York."

The other night he flew in from Berlin, where he spent the last three months
shooting "Beyond the Sea," starring a swingin', singin' Kevin Spacey as Bobby
Darin of "Mack the Knife" fame.

"People are really going to be surprised," Cincotti promises. "Kevin sounds just
like Bobby Darin."

As Dick Behrke, Bobby's longtime buddy and music arranger, Cincotti essentially
plays himself - a musician, but in period clothes, and and with his trademark
tsunami of chestnut hair slicked back, '50s style.

He gets the gigs, but not the girl - Kate Bosworth, who plays Darin's wife,
Sandra Dee.

"I was pushing for the romantic scenes with Kate, but it never happened,"
Cincotti jokes. "I'd go up to Kevin and say, 'Can't I just be Bobby Darin in
this scene?' "

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Peter Cincotti at the Steinway & Sons showroom on 57th Street. NY Post:
Jennifer Weisbord

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday

Join the circus April 29-May 1 as UAB's Alys Stephens Center presents Cirque
Alys II

LENGTH: 478  words

DATELINE: Birmingham


The University of Alabama at Birmingham has issued the following news release:

Enjoy three days of free circus demonstrations and performances featuring
Australia's Sway Poles and more at Cirque Alys II, presented by the University
of Alabama at Birmingham's Alys Stephens Performing Arts Center.

Celebrate spring with this festival event curated by the ASC and designed
especially for families and the community to enjoy during the day and after
work. Sway Poles is a company whose work fuses theater, dance and circus while
elevated on poles 16 feet tall. Originally based on the image of a field of
wheat swaying in the breeze, the poles' extreme strength and flexibility allow
the performers to bow to impossible angles and sway in a hypnotizing dance. With
a world-renowned repertoire that celebrates a wide variety of themes and
stories, the company has achieved near-cult status on almost every continent
around the globe.

The group's three-day residency at the ASC from April 29-May 1 will feature
demonstrations, happy hours and a grand-finale performance. Enjoy food trucks,
live music and cash bars as the Sway Poles demonstrate their unique art form.

On Wednesday, April 29, and Thursday, April 30, the ASC will present free
mini-demonstrations and performances outdoors in the Engel Plaza with the Sway
Poles at 10 a.m. and noon, with happy hour at 5:30 and a mini-performance at 6
p.m. Cantina Food Truck will be on-site at noon each day for lunch, and guests
can enjoy popcorn, cotton candy and cash bars for the happy hour events.

The free Cirque Alys II grand finale will begin at 5:30 p.m. Friday, May 1, with
an extravagant circus arts showcase. Hoop for Fitness Birmingham performers will
juggle, fire-hoop and fire-poi, and LED hoop and wand levitate, while one-man
showman Jesse McElroy acts as mime and Thimblerig Circus performers swallow
swords, walk on glass, eat fire, whip targets and lie on beds of nails to
delight and mystify audiences. Each act will walk about the plaza and entrain
and engage the audience.

The Sway Poles will take center stage at 7 p.m. to perform their dazzling,
acrobatic work "Swoon." A concert by String Theory will follow, with dancing and
more from Hoop for Fitness Birmingham. Cantina on Wheels, Saw's Street Kitchen,
Steel City Pops and NOLA Ice will have trucks on-site for the evening, plus
popcorn and cotton candy will be on offer. For more details, call the ASC at
205-975-2787 or visit www.AlysStephens.org.

ArtPlay will present several master classes and Meet the Artist shows with the
Sway Poles for students and schoolchildren during the residency. This
ASC-curated performance is made possible by the generous support of Jemison
Investment Company and the Mike and Gillian Goodrich Foundation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            March 27, 2013 Wednesday

Sea Dramas floats its first album

BYLINE: By Paul Freeman For The Daily News

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 882 words


With the debut album, "Soft Wake," San Francisco's Sea Dramas takes listeners on
a haunting musical journey. There's a dreamlike magnetism to such tunes as
"Summer Dies," "White Calm," "On The Wane" and "Final Equinox." Evocative
vocals, reverb-drenched guitars and elegant layers reflect a '60s sensibility.

Singer-songwriter-guitarist Scott Pettersen explains the title. "I get a lot of
ideas when I'm half asleep, half awake, that weird state where you're dreaming,
but you're aware that you're dreaming. That's why the title, 'Soft Wake.'
Sometimes a melody will come to me and I'll hurry to pick up a guitar. And
sometimes it will come out totally different from what was in my head.

"I'm heavily influenced by Phil Spector and The Beach Boys, the golden age of
recording at Gold Star Studios with those echo chambers. Obviously it's not
going to sound just like that, but we got it as close as we could."

Pettersen was previously in the band Wayward Sway. "We were all really good
friends. I don't know what happened, but the band just kind of fell apart. I had
been working on some songs for that band, and I just started recording them and
coming up with other ideas. And I decided I wanted to start another band."

He got together with a longtime friend, drummer Ted Kamp. Eventually, they added
Dwayne Anderson (lead guitar), Marlaina Rae (vocals, keyboard), and John
Mulhausen (bass).

It's been a three-year process. "For us, with guitar players, it was kind of
like Spinal Tap with drummers," Pettersen says, chuckling. "We've gone through
so many guitar players. None of them seemed to stick, until we finally found
Dwayne about a year ago. He's the perfect fit. We were looking for people we
could gel with, who understood the music, who could add to it.

"Marlaina is great at coming up with harmonies. I've known her for a while. She
used to play shows in her bands back in the days when we were doing Wayward Sway
. After Wayward Sway broke up, we were going to start a band together. It didn't
work out at the time. We tried again a year later. It didn't work out again. The
timing is now. Funny how that works."

Pettersen learned from his Wayward Sway experience. "We had such great chemistry
in Wayward Sway, it was so much fun. With this band, it's not exactly the same,
but we do have chemistry. And there are good people in the band. This time
around, we're trying to communicate better with each other and keep things
moving along, everybody doing their share."

Born in Pennsylvania, Pettersen grew up Pleasanton and is now based in San
Francisco. "Growing up, I listened to the music my parents had -- Cat Stevens,
Simon and Garfunkel, The Doors. They had good taste in music. Later, my dad got
into New Age music. My mom was always more into rock 'n' roll. They were always
really supportive.

"When I was 12, they got me a record player and the album I wanted, 'Hell
Awaits,' by Slayer. So they were pretty open. The cover was, like, demons in
hell, with all the fire, and they're ripping the guts out of some poor soul. As
a kid, I thought that was cool. I was influenced a lot by the artwork of rock
bands."

Pettersen, 39, is, by profession, a painter and sculptor. He started playing
guitar at 15. He became serious about songwriting 10 years ago. "It was
challenging, trying to piece everything together in a song."

The married Pettersen has a four-year-old daughter. "She's a major source of
inspiration. She likes to sing along with our songs. She likes to step up to the
microphone and yell into it."

"Soft Wake" is worth shouting about. Pettersen is working at getting the word
out. "In terms of trying to get your music heard, things are easier nowadays,
because of the Internet. On the other hand, there's so much stuff, so many
bands. It's overload. And attention spans are so much shorter nowadays. People
just want singles. The album's not dead, but people are definitely more
interested in individual songs."

Besides the distinctive music, the arresting cover art, created by Pettersen,
should attract attention to the album. It has a subtle nautical theme, a photo
of a woman on the bow of a boat, superimposed with another shot, giving it a
dreamy feel. That was achieved by using color tablets his daughter had for use
in the bath water. It gave the image a smoky quality.

He's preparing a special limited edition version of "Soft Wake" with shell
sculptures attached to homemade covers. Each will have its own tint.

The Sea Dramas is to perform at Red Rock Coffee House on Friday night and at San
Francisco's Hotel Utah on April 11.

Pettersen sheds light on choosing the band name. "I was reading an interview
with Ennio Morricone, who's a big influence. And he was talking about writing
some music for a sea drama. I thought, that's kind of a cool name for a band.
Plus I have a love for the ocean. I come from a long line of sailors. So it's in
my blood."

Not that Pettersen himself is much of a mariner. "Actually, I get seasick," he
says, laughing.

Email Paul Freeman atpaul@popcultureclassics.com .

Music

What: Sea Dramas
Where: Red Rock Coffee House, 201 Castro St., Mountain View
When: 8 p.m. Friday
Information: 650-967-4473;www.redrockcoffee.org
Where: Hotel Utah, 500 4th St., San Francisco
When: 9 p.m. April 11
Tickets: $6; 415-546-6300
Artist website:www.seadramas.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy of the Sea Dramas The Sea Dramas are to play at Red Rock
Coffee House in Mountain View on Friday, March 29, 2013. From left areTed Kamp,
Dwayne Anderson, Scott Pettersen, Marlaina Rae and John Mulhausen.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 29, 2008 Friday

These Walls: University Club Tower in Tulsa

BYLINE: Heather Caliendo

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 354  words


Sprawling up towards the sky, with a kaleidoscopic view of the city, the
University Club Tower is not only the tallest residential high-rise in Tulsa, it
has the distinction of being the first major building designed by a computer in
the United States.

In 1964 Fred Gauger, a former Oklahoma State University engineering instructor,
used a computer program to determine the engineering data for the frame of the
building, according to information provided by Brad Blake, property manager.
This new innovation allowed him to spend a total of 10 minutes calculating the
building frame information. The computer then solved 248 simultaneous equations
in 27 minutes. Without the new technology, it could have taken two years to
design the framework. Cities Service Co. provided the IBM 1620 with 60K of BCD
memory for the design.

Concern over side sway was a prime issue for the Gauger and Bill Martin, another
engineer involved in the project. Buildings at the time had 24 to 35 inches of
sway at the top. They wanted to construct the building where high winds would
not affect the day-to-day life of residents. They factored that into the
computer and were able to only have 10 inches of sway.

The 320-foot tower at 1722 S. Carson Ave. cost $7 million to build and opened
for residents in 1968. There are 31 floors with the first eight dedicated to a
parking garage. The tower's exterior is about 14,000 square yards of light
concrete, which was an important factor to the parking ramp design, Blake said.

There are 236 apartments that range from 700 to 1,300 square feet. Elevators
travel at 850 feet per minute.

A futuristic, unique 'city within a city' idea was behind selling the circular
high-rise plan. With amenities like an Olympic-size swimming pool, sauna and
shopping centers, University Club Tower aligned itself with high-rises found in
New York City.

Blake provided a quote from the original advertising: "A nucleus of culture -
yet as homey, intimate as the sprawling oil Capitol of the world, whose skyline
it dominates. University Club Tower, personify ultra-modern living for every
strata of life-at reasonable costs. "

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 7, 2016 Thursday

FORM 8-K: Colony Capital, Inc FILES Current Report

LENGTH: 1248  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Colony Capital, Inc, has filed FORM 8-K (Current Report) with
Securities and Exchange Commission on January 06, 2016

 COLONY CAPITAL, INC.

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
























    Maryland



    001-34456



    27-0419483




     (State or other jurisdiction

     of incorporation)







     (Commission

     File Number)





     (IRS Employer

     Identification No.)











     515 S. Flower St., 44th Floor

     Los Angeles, CA




    90071



    (Address of principal executive offices)



    (Zip Code)




 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (310) 282-8820

 Not Applicable

 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)







 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):






    ¨

    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR
230.425)









    ¨

    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)









    ¨

    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))









    ¨

    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))













 Item 8.01 Other Events.

 On January 5, 2016, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and
Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), dated September 21, 2015, among
Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust ("
SWAY"), SWAY Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly
owned subsidiary of SWAY ("Merger Sub"), Starwood Waypoint Residential
Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "SWAY OP"), Colony
American Homes, Inc., a Maryland corporation ("CAH"), CAH Operating Partnership,
L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ("CAH OP"), the Company Stockholders (as
defined in the Merger Agreement), the Company Unitholders (as defined in the
Merger Agreement) and the Company Investors (as defined in the Merger
Agreement), SWAY and CAH completed the merger of the two companies. The combined
company, Colony Starwood Homes, a Maryland real estate investment trust (the
"Combined Company"), will begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange on
January 6, 2016 under the ticker "SFR".

 As previously disclosed on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "SEC") on September 21, 2015 by Colony Capital, Inc. (the
"Company"), the Company, through its subsidiaries, was an investor in CAH OP. As
a result of the completion of the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, the Company, through its subsidiaries, was issued approximately 15.1
million shares of the Combined Company's common stock. The shares of the
Combined Company stock that the Company received as consideration for the merger
are subject to specified transfer restrictions until the earlier of (1) the
nine-month anniversary of the closing of the merger and (2) the expiration of
the term of the lock-up applicable to the equity securities issued to SWAY's
former external manager in connection with the internalization of such manager,
if such term is reduced.

 In addition, immediately prior to the completion of the merger, pursuant to the
Merger Agreement, CAH effected a series of internal reorganization transactions
principally designed to exclude CAH's residential specialty finance company,
Colony American Finance REIT, Inc. ("CAF REIT"), from the merger (the
"Reorganization"). CAF REIT holds a membership interest in Colony American
Finance, LLC, through which all of the residential specialty finance business
will continue to be conducted. As a result of the transactions contemplated by
the Reorganization, the Company, through its subsidiaries will retain its
ownership interest in CAF REIT. As of September 30, 2015, the Company owned
approximately 23% of CAF REIT and the book value of CAF REIT was approximately
$244 million.

 Forward-Looking Statements

 This report may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations,
beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends
and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of
forward-looking terminology such as "may," "will," "should," "expects,"
"intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," or
"potential" or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or
phrases which are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and which
do not relate solely to historical matters. Forward-looking statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and contingencies, many of
which are beyond the Company's control, that may cause actual events and results
to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement.
Statements regarding the following subjects, among others, may be
forward-looking and may impact the Company's expectations regarding its
financial condition and results of operations: the financial condition and
results of operations of the Combined Company; the financial condition and
results of operations of CAF; the value of the Company's investment in the
Combined Company; the value of the Company's investment in CAF; the possibility
that the anticipated benefits from the merger, including the internalization of
SWAY's formerly external manager, may not be realized or may take longer to
realize than expected; unexpected costs or unexpected liabilities that may arise
from the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the
internalization of SWAY's formerly external manager; the outcome of any legal
proceedings that have been or may be instituted against the CAH, SWAY or others
relating to the merger, including the internalization of SWAY's formerly
external manager; the market, economic and environmental conditions in the
industrial real estate, single-family rental, and lodging sectors; the Company's
ability to maintain its exemption from registration under the Investment Company
Act of 1940; and market trends in the Company's industry, interest rates, real
estate values, the debt securities markets or the general economy.

 All forward-looking statements reflect the Company's good faith beliefs,
assumptions and expectations, but they are not guarantees of future actions or
performance. Furthermore, the Company disclaims any obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying
assumptions or factors, of new information, data or methods, future events or
other changes. Additional information concerning these and other risk




 factors is contained in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2014, subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, recent
Current Reports on Form 8-K and other SEC filings, as such filings may be
amended from time to time.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 7, 2016 Thursday

FORM 8-K: Colony Capital, Inc FILES Current Report

LENGTH: 1248  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Colony Capital, Inc, has filed FORM 8-K (Current Report) with
Securities and Exchange Commission on January 06, 2016

 COLONY CAPITAL, INC.

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
























    Maryland



    001-34456



    27-0419483




     (State or other jurisdiction

     of incorporation)







     (Commission

     File Number)





     (IRS Employer

     Identification No.)











     515 S. Flower St., 44th Floor

     Los Angeles, CA




    90071



    (Address of principal executive offices)



    (Zip Code)




 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (310) 282-8820

 Not Applicable

 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)







 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):






    ¨

    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR
230.425)









    ¨

    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)









    ¨

    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))









    ¨

    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))













 Item 8.01 Other Events.

 On January 5, 2016, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and
Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), dated September 21, 2015, among
Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust ("
SWAY"), SWAY Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly
owned subsidiary of SWAY ("Merger Sub"), Starwood Waypoint Residential
Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "SWAY OP"), Colony
American Homes, Inc., a Maryland corporation ("CAH"), CAH Operating Partnership,
L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ("CAH OP"), the Company Stockholders (as
defined in the Merger Agreement), the Company Unitholders (as defined in the
Merger Agreement) and the Company Investors (as defined in the Merger
Agreement), SWAY and CAH completed the merger of the two companies. The combined
company, Colony Starwood Homes, a Maryland real estate investment trust (the
"Combined Company"), will begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange on
January 6, 2016 under the ticker "SFR".

 As previously disclosed on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "SEC") on September 21, 2015 by Colony Capital, Inc. (the
"Company"), the Company, through its subsidiaries, was an investor in CAH OP. As
a result of the completion of the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, the Company, through its subsidiaries, was issued approximately 15.1
million shares of the Combined Company's common stock. The shares of the
Combined Company stock that the Company received as consideration for the merger
are subject to specified transfer restrictions until the earlier of (1) the
nine-month anniversary of the closing of the merger and (2) the expiration of
the term of the lock-up applicable to the equity securities issued to SWAY's
former external manager in connection with the internalization of such manager,
if such term is reduced.

 In addition, immediately prior to the completion of the merger, pursuant to the
Merger Agreement, CAH effected a series of internal reorganization transactions
principally designed to exclude CAH's residential specialty finance company,
Colony American Finance REIT, Inc. ("CAF REIT"), from the merger (the
"Reorganization"). CAF REIT holds a membership interest in Colony American
Finance, LLC, through which all of the residential specialty finance business
will continue to be conducted. As a result of the transactions contemplated by
the Reorganization, the Company, through its subsidiaries will retain its
ownership interest in CAF REIT. As of September 30, 2015, the Company owned
approximately 23% of CAF REIT and the book value of CAF REIT was approximately
$244 million.

 Forward-Looking Statements

 This report may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations,
beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends
and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of
forward-looking terminology such as "may," "will," "should," "expects,"
"intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," or
"potential" or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or
phrases which are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and which
do not relate solely to historical matters. Forward-looking statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and contingencies, many of
which are beyond the Company's control, that may cause actual events and results
to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement.
Statements regarding the following subjects, among others, may be
forward-looking and may impact the Company's expectations regarding its
financial condition and results of operations: the financial condition and
results of operations of the Combined Company; the financial condition and
results of operations of CAF; the value of the Company's investment in the
Combined Company; the value of the Company's investment in CAF; the possibility
that the anticipated benefits from the merger, including the internalization of
SWAY's formerly external manager, may not be realized or may take longer to
realize than expected; unexpected costs or unexpected liabilities that may arise
from the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the
internalization of SWAY's formerly external manager; the outcome of any legal
proceedings that have been or may be instituted against the CAH, SWAY or others
relating to the merger, including the internalization of SWAY's formerly
external manager; the market, economic and environmental conditions in the
industrial real estate, single-family rental, and lodging sectors; the Company's
ability to maintain its exemption from registration under the Investment Company
Act of 1940; and market trends in the Company's industry, interest rates, real
estate values, the debt securities markets or the general economy.

 All forward-looking statements reflect the Company's good faith beliefs,
assumptions and expectations, but they are not guarantees of future actions or
performance. Furthermore, the Company disclaims any obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying
assumptions or factors, of new information, data or methods, future events or
other changes. Additional information concerning these and other risk




 factors is contained in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2014, subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, recent
Current Reports on Form 8-K and other SEC filings, as such filings may be
amended from time to time.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 08, 1999, Sunday

BREAKING THROUGH    SWAY & TECH

BYLINE: BY JIM FARBER

SECTION: Showtime; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 90 words


Who: Sway & Tech

Formed: Los Angeles

Album Title: "This or That"

Background: The guys served as host (Sway) and deejay (Tech) for the West Coast
hip-hop radio program "The Wake Up Show," which reaches 11.5 million listeners
via 17 major radio stations. The show started in 1991, showcasing the best in
underground hip hop.

Their Music: Matches their deejay work with samples and guest raps from KRS-One,
Eminem, Bobby Digital and others.

What's Getting Attention: The single "The Anthem," which is all over urban
radio.

LOAD-DATE: August 09, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                              85 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 20, 2013 Tuesday

Houlton native performs 'most dangerous act yet' on NBC reality show, but some
judges unconvinced

BYLINE: Aimee Thibodeau BDN Staff

LENGTH: 518 words


Houlton native Sam Johnson elicited gasps from the "America's Got Talent" judges
and audience Tuesday night with his death-defying performance -- but some of the
judges weren't convinced it was dangerous enough.


Johnson, 34, had hinted in an interview late last week that his performance in
week five of the reality show competition would be the most dangerous he'd
performed for the cameras to date.


Outside New York City's famed Radio City Music Hall, Johnson climbed atop an
80-foot sway pole, similar to the device on which he performed his initial
audition for "AGT." He put his feet in stirrup-like holders atop the pole and
waved to the crowd below as the pole swayed in the wind. Then, Johnson flipped
upside down, slid his foot through a rope noose and the sway pole suddenly
dropped like a pendulum, taking Johnson with it.


"If things go wrong tonight, they're going to go really wrong," Johnson, who now
lives in Vermont, said prior to his Tuesday night performance.


On his first appearance, Johnson climbed atop an 80-foot sway pole set up
outside the show's studios, and then, completely untethered, did a handstand.
For his second performance, he doused his signature top hat with gasoline and
lit it on fire, before pouring gasoline over his head, and putting the hat back
on. He then climbed up onto a slack line stretched across the stage, proceeded
to mount a unicycle and then juggled three batons, which also were on fire.


When Johnson found out he was advancing in the eighth season of the "AGT"
competition and would be performing on New York City's famous Radio City Music
Hall stage, he knew he had to do something big. He decided to go back to his
performing roots, but since the equipment was so old -- it was almost 30 years
old when he purchased at age 19 from a Swedish circus performer -- Johnson had
to rebuild most of what was left.


"[I] only had had a five week window to build, test and practice on this
equipment," he said.


But three of the four judges -- Heidi Klum was the exception -- weren't
convinced that viewers will think Johnson's act was dangerous enough to vote him
through to the next round.


"It is a danger act. And it was cool. And it was windy and you did surprise us,"
said judge Howie Mandell, comparing the performance to a bungee jump with a
pole. "[But] my gut instinct is, 'I want to do that.'"


Judge Howard Stern agreed.


"Each time, you have to get progressively more dangerous, and this time you were
having more fun than we were," Stern said. "We should not want to do it, and
that's the problem."


"Did you guys watch what I watched," Klum shot back. "That was super exciting,
and a little insane and crazy. I want to see more of what you do. I think you
have a lot of talent."


Johnson took it all in stride.


"It may not have felt dangerous to you, but it sure felt dangerous to me," he
said, adding that he was glad of one thing. "It's a good thing it's America's
vote."


To find out if America decides to vote Johnson through to the next round, watch
the live results show at 9 p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 21, on NBC or check
bangordailynews.com after the results show.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Bangor Daily News


                              86 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             April 25, 2008 Friday

FILM news

BYLINE: - DAVE LARSEN

SECTION: GO!; Pg. GO24

LENGTH: 461 words


'ROPEWALK' HAS TIES TO DAYTON AREA

"Ropewalk: A Cordage Engineer's Journey Through History" makes its world
premiere today, April 25, at the Engineers Club of Dayton.

The one-hour documentary by Steve Fetsch recounts Xenia's historic role in the
rope-making industry from the Civil War to the present.

The film focuses on the Hoover & Allison Company, one of the last natural fiber
rope companies in America, which closed in 2003 after 130 years in business. A
2005 fire destroyed the company structure.

Bill Hagenbuch, Hoover & Allison's former president and chief engineer, is the
subject and narrator of "Ropewalk." Hagenbuch of Beavercreek is a member of the
Engineers Club of Dayton.

The 7:30 p.m. screening is free and open to the public.

The "Ropewalk" DVD and soundtrack CD will be available for purchase. Proceeds
from the film will benefit the Engineers Club of Dayton Foundation. To watch the
"Ropewalk" preview, visit www.StoryOfRope.org.

A buffet dinner will be served at 6 p.m. The cost is $30 per person. Dinner
reservations are required at (937) 228-2148.

The Engineers Club is at 110 Monument Ave., Dayton. For more information, visit
www.engineersclub.org.

HELP 'SWAY' TEAM JOIN FILM AT CANNES

"Held in Sway" will have a benefit screening on Sunday, April 27, at the Trolley
Stop, 530 E. Fifth St., Dayton.

Winner of the 2007 Cincinnati 48 Hour Film Project, "Held in Sway" will screen
at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival in the Short Film Corner showcase. The
prestigious event will take place May 14-25 in the French Riviera resort town of
Cannes, France.

"Held in Sway" was produced by Mirepoix Pictures, a team comprised of Wright
State University alumni Amy Cunningham, Mike Dittiacur, John Mays and Cincinnati
filmmaker Russ Faust.

Sunday's benefit event from 7 to 11 p.m. will help support the filmmakers'
effort to accompany their film to Cannes. Tickets are $20 and include food,
drinks and entertainment.

For advance tickets, more information or to make a contribution, visit
www.lisalentz.citymax.com.

'SILENT VOICES' AT ATHENS FESTIVAL

"Lest We Forget: Silent Voices," a documentary about Ohio's movement to gain
civil rights for people with disabilities, will screen Saturday, April 26, as
part of the 2008 Athens International Film Festival in Athens, Ohio.

The film is featured as part of the festival's short documentary competition. It
will be shown at 1:30 p.m. at the Athena Cinema, 20 S. Court St.

"Lest We Forget: Silent Voices" was produced by Dayton-area filmmaker Mark R.
Lyons. The 44-minute film chronicles the first-person histories of people who
lived in Ohio institutions. Two of the participants are Dayton residents.

On May 11, "Lest We Forget: Silent Voices" will be screened as part of the
Sprout Film Festival at the New York Museum of Art.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              87 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 21, 2012 Sunday

Dee Margo, Joe Moody rematch: Candidates use education to sway voters

BYLINE: Zahira Torres \ Austin Bureauelpasotimes.Com, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1672 words


Oct. 21--AUSTIN -- Education is a key priority touted by the political campaigns
of two familiar foes fighting to represent Northeast and West El Paso in the
Texas Legislature.

But that's where the similarities end for Republican state Rep. Dee Margo and
his Democratic opponent, Joe Moody, whose face-to-face interactions with voters,
campaign fliers and television advertisements preach their commitment to quality
education and attempt to cast each other as harmful to public schools.

Margo and Moody are facing off for the third time and are attempting to sway
voters on the education issue, often cited as a top priority in state and
national polls during elections.

They are running out of time to make their cases. Early voting

will start Monday for the Nov. 6 general election that will determine which of
the two will return to Austin to represent House District 78.

Richard Pineda, a communications professor at the University of Texas at El
Paso, said each candidate has pushed to appeal to the base of his own party and
has focused less on attracting voters who may not traditionally support him.

"In some ways what you would imagine would be the low-hanging fruit and a
consistent attack line would be all of the mistakes or all of the baggage that
Margo has developed over the last session of the Legislature," Pineda said. "But
the truth is that there's not really much there in the attacks that Moody is
making that is unique or that sound different from

the previous election cycle."

Margo "fell in line with the party vote," Pineda said. "I don't know what Moody
could do except for point to that and say, 'See, I told you he was a
Republican.' "

Rating Republican results

The two men first clashed during the 2008 presidential election year, which
brought a surge of Democratic voters energized by the candidacy of President
Barack Obama. Moody beat Margo by 3,258 votes.

Margo challenged Moody to a rematch in 2010, edging out the Democrat by 1,410
votes in a year when Republicans statewide saw a rise at the polls because of
dissatisfaction with the federal government.

Both candidates are competing for the seat once again during another
presidential election year that appears to be marked by partisanship. Each has
his own take on Margo's place in the delegation as the only Republican from El
Paso in a legislature dominated by conservatives.

Margo said he helped his Democratic colleagues with the Republican majority and
he argues that his return to the Legislature would allow him to gather support
for local measures that did not get approved the past legislative session.

Moody said Margo had his chance to make good on his promises that he could get
more for El Paso because he was part of the majority party in the Legislature.
But Moody said Margo instead voted with the Republican Party on $15 billion in
state budget cuts, which included $5.4 billion in cuts to public education.

That vote led to cuts in positions for teachers and staff at El Paso schools and
caused tuition increases at UTEP and El Paso Community College, Moody said.

"Where were the bonuses for El Paso based on his being part of the party in
power?" Moody asked. "They weren't there."

The state House had a 77-73 split favoring Republicans when Moody was elected.
That figure drastically changed during the 2010 election that provided
Republicans with a 101-49 seat advantage in the state House, giving the party
the ability to pass legislation without a single vote from a Democrat.

Margo, who was among the Republicans who won office two years ago, maintains
that his presence allows El Paso to have a voice with the ruling party in the
state.

"Nobody, not Republicans or Democrats, walked out of appropriations or passing
the budget jumping for joy, but there was no appetite for taxes, and given the
fragile nature of our economy, I agreed," Margo said. "We did the best we could
with the hand we were dealt. To say otherwise would be disingenuous, frankly."

Margo has his own critique of Moody's education record. He said Moody voted for
a budget that funded a portion of the state's public education with one-time
federal stimulus dollars, leaving the next set of lawmakers to make up for the
gap.

"We did the best we could to be as level as we could given the prior years that
we were dealing with," Margo said.

Republican Gov. Rick Perry and state lawmakers in 2009 used $3.25 billion in
one-time federal stimulus funds in place of state money for education to balance
the budget and avoid drawing down the rainy-day fund.

"The 2009 budget was passed with the blessing of the Republican governor," Moody
said. "Dee's party decided to use stimulus funds; otherwise, Rick Perry would
have been forced to cut education or raise taxes when he was running for
governor. Instead, they put it off until 2011 because they never fixed the mess
they made in 2006."

Moody was referring to the recurring budget deficit that lawmakers created in
2006 when they lowered local school district property taxes by one-third and
promised to make up the difference in school funding primarily through reworked
business taxes.

The money collected through the tax-swap plan did not totally offset
expenditures, leaving the state with a biennium structural deficit of about $10
billion.

Legislative work

Margo primarily voted with the Republican majority on issues such as cutting the
family-planning services budget and making voters show photo identification
before casting ballots. He also voted in favor of requiring women to get
pre-abortion sonograms, listen as a doctor describes the fetus and wait 24 hours
before the procedure

One of the two bills Margo authored his freshman year in the state House became
a law. The bill set certain qualification guidelines for appointees to the
University Medical Center of El Paso's Board of Managers that prevented
employees of the county or the hospital district and their immediate relatives
from serving on the board.

The first-time legislator also co-authored or joint-authored about 60 bills and
was a sponsor on seven others, which included a measure by state Sen. Kirk
Watson, D-Austin, to establish a grant program for border prosecutors.

"The border prosecution unit was probably the most important because I got that
done out of appropriations money first, and then Kirk Watson came to me to get
me to co-sponsor the bill to put it in statute," Margo said.

A group of state senators blocked an amendment by Margo that would have allowed
UTEP to join a small list of universities slated to tap into a pot of about $93
million over two years.

Lawmakers also shot down an attempt by Margo to approve state-funded tuition
revenue bonds for a third building at Texas Tech's Paul L. Foster School of
Medicine. If his amendment had gone to a vote and passed, state funding for the
medical school's $58.5 million tuition revenue bond could not have been issued
before Sept. 1, 2015. The next legislative session would have the final say on
whether to honor the measure.

Moody authored eight bills when he was in the Legislature in 2009. Three of
those bills became law, including an anti-gang measure that strengthened the
Department of Public Safety's ability to go after transnational gangs.

"Passing the largest piece of anti-gang legislation in the state was a huge
deal," Moody said. "It really required a lot of work from day one of the
session. That bill was crucial to law enforcement to give them the tools to
start to combat transnational gangs in different ways."

Moody also co-authored or joint-authored more than 90 bills and sponsored about
30 pieces of legislation. He was the House sponsor of a bill with Republican
Sen. Jane Nelson that expanded funding to domestic violence shelters by creating
a fee paid by convicted offenders.

He also filed a bill that sought a property-tax exemption for veterans who have
a disability rating of 100 percent. Moody's bill did not pass, but a similar
measure became law.

What's next?

Lawmakers who are elected in November will contend with the controversial debate
about using taxpayer dollars to offer vouchers to public school students who
want to attend private school and the ongoing lawsuits over whether the state is
meeting its constitutional obligations to properly fund public schools.

Lawmakers also may have to consider legislation that would call for an end to
in-state tuition at universities for qualifying undocumented immigrants and the
return of an anti-sanctuary-cities measure, which would put local governments at
risk of losing state grant money if they establish a policy that prohibits local
law enforcement from questioning the immigration status of people they detain.

Moody does not support school vouchers. He believes that the state is not
properly funding public schools and that low-income students will be left out
because the vouchers will not cover the full cost of attending private school.

He also said the Legislature should not wait for the results of school finance
lawsuits to deal with school funding problems.

Margo said he would support vouchers on an experimental basis next session. He
said the lawmakers should first deal with pressing issues over state funding of
public schools, accountability and whether charter schools will be able to
expand their reach in Texas. Margo said the Legislature should wait for a
decision from the courts before changing the way schools are funded.

The two candidates share some similar positions.

Both men support in-state tuition for qualifying undocumented immigrants. Margo
and Moody also said they would oppose anti-sanctuary-city legislation if it is
proposed next session.

Margo initially supported the anti-sanctuary-city legislation but changed
positions after learning that El Paso County stood to lose millions of dollars
in state money because of a settlement in a lawsuit.

Zahira Torres may be reached at ztorres@elpasotimes.com; 512-479-6606.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121021-EY-HLT-Dee-Margo-Joe-Moody-rematch-Candidates-use-education-to-
sway-voters-1021-20121021

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              88 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 21, 2016 Sunday

College football titans toss tradition of political sway

BYLINE: David Briggs, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 2167 words


Feb. 21--COLUMBUS -- Coach for Kasich? Urban Feels the Bern? Meyer for Marco?

Don't hold your breath.

As Ohio prepares to play its usual outsized role in selecting the nation's next
president, a muddled field of candidates would no doubt covet an endorsement
from one of the state's most popular figures -- Ohio State football coach Urban
Meyer.

There was a time when big-name college coaches were veritable kingmakers,
wielding their lionized stature for political influence.

Woody Hayes. Bear Bryant. Joe Paterno.

Few held more sway in their states. Richard Nixon credited the support of Mr.
Hayes -- the venerable former Buckeyes coach -- for his upset win in Ohio over
John F. Kennedy during the 1960 presidential election. It remains the only
post-World War II presidential race in which the winner did not carry Ohio.

But those days are long past. In an era of increasingly hostile partisan
division -- and where college football has grown into a multibillion-dollar
business -- coaches now treat politics as the third rail.

They are not touching it, especially at public universities.

Asked by The Blade if his voice has a place in this campaign season, Mr. Meyer
smiled. He looked across the Buckeyes' team meeting room toward Ohio State
athletic director Gene Smith and cracked, "Gene thought it would be a good time
to tell you my thoughts on the election coming up. Gene, is it OK?"

"No, my job description is very clear and that's to coach Ohio State football
and the focus is on 17 to 18 to 22-year-olds," Mr. Meyer said. "I have strong
beliefs, but I'm not going to share that with you guys. I don't think that's
appropriate."

In this way, Mr. Meyer is a prototype modern football coach.

In four years at Ohio State, he is 50-4 with a national championship and a
statewide approval rating roughly equal to that of free ice cream. Mr. Meyer,
who has registered as a Republican in the past but is unaffiliated in Ohio, has
occasionally lent his name to educational issues -- he appeared in a television
ad backing a 2013 levy for Columbus City Schools -- or a former Buckeyes player
running for local office.

Reflecting the changing climate, however, Mr. Meyer does not mix his scarlet
public life with his red private one. He has never thrown his weight behind a
candidate for state or federal office.

As recently as 2001, former Ohio State coach Jim Tressel was among 11 coaches
from what are now known as the Power Five conferences who contributed money to
candidates for Congress or president at least once during their coaching career,
according to campaign finance records.

Today, there are only two. Iowa's Kirk Ferentz has donated $4,050 to three Iowa
Republican congressional candidates since 2006 while Alabama's Nick Saban gave
$2,400 to Joe Manchin (D., W.Va.) in 2010. (Mr. Saban is a West Virginia
native.)

The rest keep their politics to themselves, lest any booster or corporate
partner take offense.

"Agents advise you, 'Why would you get in the middle of this?' " said Jay
Paterno, whose father, Joe, the legendary late Penn State coach, was an active
GOP supporter and gave a seconding speech for George H.W. Bush at the 1988
Republican National Convention. "I thought it was important, and my dad thought
it was important to try to have a voice and to take a stand. If people thought
you could do some good, do some good for the country.

"But things have changed since 1988 and even 2008 in that, the backlash that
people get now is so much stronger. We stir up so much divisiveness when it
comes to politics that I understand exactly why people and coaches wouldn't want
to take a stand."

Another era

A football monarch like Mr. Hayes now seems like a character from another epoch.

Before America grew more polarized than ever and the echo chamber of 24-7 news
channels and social media robbed the last shreds of civility from the political
discourse, Mr. Hayes forayed well beyond his football cocoon.

His famously explosive temper as the Buckeyes' coach from 1951 to 1978 obscured
a complex man.

An English and history major at Denison University and lieutenant commander in
the Navy during World War II, Mr. Hayes, a faithful Republican, loved politics.
He regularly lunched with professors at the Faculty Club and encouraged his
players to appreciate their place in the broader world. Team road trips often
turned into U.S. history lessons.

Greg Lashutka, a Buckeyes tight end in the 1960s who later became the mayor of
Columbus, recalled one such trip to Iowa. The day before the game, Mr. Hayes
arranged for the team to tour the Herbert Hoover Presidential Library and Museum
just outside of Iowa City in West Branch.

"Well, the curator makes a mistake, and after five minutes, Woody cut him off,"
Mr. Lashutka said. "For about 40 minutes, he talked about Hoover and Europe and
Russia, then looked at the curator and said, 'Did I make a mistake? No? OK,
let's go guys.' "

The coach counted Mr. Nixon among his closest friends, the two first meeting at
a reception after a Buckeyes' win over Iowa in 1957. Mr. Nixon wanted to talk
about football. Mr. Hayes wanted to talk about foreign policy.

"You know Woody," Mr. Nixon said in the eulogy at Mr. Hayes' funeral in 1987,
"we talked about foreign policy."

Three years after they met, Mr. Nixon, trailing in Ohio during the 1960
presidential race, turned to his friend to record a radio ad on his behalf. Mr.
Nixon narrowly lost the election, but he carried Ohio by 273,000 votes,
attributing Mr. Hayes' support to what presidential historian Theodore H. White
called the "greatest upset of the election."

A few days after the election, Mr. Kennedy flew to meet the vice president in
Key Biscayne, Fla., as a photo-op show of national unity.

His first question: "How the hell did you carry Ohio?'"

What could Mr. Nixon say?

If the correlation between Woody's imprimatur and the rout in Ohio is impossible
to measure, it did not hurt. Mr. Hayes enjoyed a standing here nearly on par
with Mr. Bryant in Alabama. (The Crimson Tide coach was so popular that he
received 1 1/2  delegates at the 1968 Democratic National Convention.) Since
1892, only one other president, Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1944, was elected
without winning Ohio -- and that win came with a caveat. Republican Thomas Dewey
narrowly took Ohio with Ohio Gov. John Bricker as his running mate.

Mr. Hayes later stumped for Mr. Nixon's successful White House bids in 1968 and
1972, then, after Mr. Nixon resigned in disgrace amid the Watergate scandal,
backed his successor, Gerald Ford in 1976.

President Ford may have been an All-American football player at Michigan -- no
small badge of dishonor to Mr. Hayes -- but politics transcended the rivalry.

"As much as he has some reservations about any Michigander, he came out and
endorsed me," Mr. Ford said at a 1976 rally in Findlay. "That was the greatest
compliment I could have received."

Of course, Mr. Hayes could only do so much. Jimmy Carter captured Ohio by 11,116
votes and, narrowly, the presidency. Mr. Hayes later confided that if he could
do it again, he would have left the football team for a few weeks that fall to
stump for Mr. Ford, according to the 1991 book, Woody Hayes: A Reflection.

Changing times

Over the years, Mr. Hayes nudged many of his players to get involved in
politics. He did not always agree with them. A disciplinarian who preferred a
clean-shaven military look, he resented the counterculture and anti-war protests
of the 1960s and remained fiercely conservative to the end. But he supported
them, regardless of their leaning.

In 1981, he even endorsed -- gasp -- a Democrat.

Ben Espy, a 1961 Sandusky High graduate who played four years at Ohio State, was
running for a seat on the Columbus City Council, when in the middle of a
hard-luck campaign, he got hit by a drunken driver. The accident left him
rattled but unharmed.

Mr. Hayes called to check on his former player, then asked if there was anything
he could do to help his campaign.

"Well, if you can cut a commercial for me, I would be grateful," Mr. Espy
recalled saying. "He said, 'Come to my office tomorrow morning.' So I prepared
him a script and everything."

The endorsement read: "I'm supporting Ben Espy because I believe in him. He's
intelligent, he's proven that in the classroom and in law school and as a
lawyer. He's honorable, which is more important yet. He's a worker, he'll get
things done, and he'll stay with it. And that's why I'm endorsing Ben Espy."

"He looked at it, he bottled it up, and threw it into the trash can," Mr. Espy
said. "He talked for exactly 37 seconds and took one take.

"I jumped from sixth place to second place in two weeks."

With the help of Woody the 37-second Democrat, Mr. Espy won the seat, where he
would remain for the next 10 years.

In 1991, Mr. Espy ran for mayor of Columbus against Mr. Lashutka, turning the
former teammates into political rivals in a closely contested race. (Mr.
Lashutka won with 52 percent of the vote.) Their old coach was gone, but his
influence endured.

"Woody's wife, Anne, called us both in, and said, 'I'm not going to have any
shenanigans,' " Mr. Espy said with a laugh. "She told us, 'I'm going to give you
both the same amount of money. I want a clean contest, and if I hear you talking
about each other, I'm going to call you right back in.' "

More money at stake

A generation later, it is a different world.

In Mr. Hayes' final season in 1977, he earned a salary of $43,000. Today, Mr.
Meyer is the state's highest-paid employee, paid $6.5 million per year to keep
Ohio State's golden goose gushing. The Buckeyes' athletic department generated
$170.9 million in revenue last year, according to federal data.

The financial stakes are greater than ever, and so are the headaches.

Even a tweet complimenting President Obama can touch off a culture war, as
Michigan coach Jim Harbaugh discovered last month. Mr. Harbaugh attended the
State of the Union address as a guest of Rep. Justin Amash (R., Mich.), then
posted, "@POTUS and @FLOTUS knocked it out of the park tonight at #SOTU16.
A+++."

Mr. Harbaugh received a deluge of hostile responses. Among the few suitable for
print read: "Well I used to like you. Stick to football."

And so coaches do.

Mr. Tressel was among the last coaches to navigate a middle ground.

At Ohio State, he supported the GOP behind the scenes, most recently donating
$1,000 to the Republican National Committee in 2008 and $500 to Rep. Steve
Stivers (R., Columbus) in 2009.

But the man nicknamed the senator -- a nod to his sweater vest and habit of
saying a lot without saying much at all -- observed a clear line. "When it comes
to political endorsements about candidates," he said in 2008, "it's out of
bounds."

Mr. Tressel, who is now the president of Youngstown State University and has
attended private fund-raisers for Ohio Gov. John Kasich, did not return a
message for comment.

His successor, Mr. Meyer, and his assistants -- none of whom has contributed to
a political campaign -- leave even less of a trail. OSU policy allows employees
to engage in political activity as long as no university endorsement is
suggested, though that line blurs when you are the unofficial frontman of the
school.

"Our coaches have the right to express their views and I do not restrict them,"
Mr. Smith said. "However ... coaches do not want to alienate parents of
recruits, fans or potential fans, donors, one politician versus another, etc. As
public figures, coaches are more careful with this than in previous years."

Mr. Lashutka called it an unfortunate reality.

"The repercussions are just so big today that people are trying to be hands off
when they really should be getting involved in the debate," he said. "That's
what a university is all about, healthy constructive debate."

Sorry, Mr. Kasich

This campaign season, Mr. Meyer would seem a natural candidate to endorse the
presidential run of Mr. Kasich, a Republican targeting the moderate wing of his
party and a graduate of Ohio State.

Mr. Kasich has courted big-name football endorsements elsewhere, appearing with
former Buckeyes and New England Patriots star Mike Vrabel at a rally in New
Hampshire and with former Clemson All-American quarterback Tajh Boyd in South
Carolina last week. No one would represent a bigger coup than the pride of his
home state.

Of support from Mr. Meyer, Ohio Republican Chairman Matt Borges said, "Of course
it would matter."

"I think people would covet it and they would seek it," he said.

That is, unless maybe they already know the answer. Mr. Kasich's representatives
did not return messages for this story.

"I just feel like right now we haven't really developed the kind of close
relationship with Urban where we would go to him with those kind of things," Mr.
Borges said.

Urban for Kasich?

Mr. Meyer does not approve this message.

Contact David Briggs at: dbriggs@theblade.com, 419-724-6084 or on Twitter
@DBriggsBlade.

Recommended for You

___ (c)2016 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160221-TO-College-football-titans-toss-tradition-of-political-sway
-0221-20160221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2016 The Blade


                              89 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            November 22, 2009 Sunday

A woman in motion;
Still in the early stages of her career, choreographer Aszure Barton has already
been hailed as a singular talent by dance critics

BYLINE: Oakland Ross, Toronto Star

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. IN02

LENGTH: 1392 words


Only a few days remain until opening night, and Aszure Barton ought to be
frantic - but she isn't.

At least, she doesn't seem to be.

"I want more rehearsal time," she insists, but her voice seems strangely calm.

Besides, the desire for more rehearsal time is surely a given.

What hot, young, internationally acclaimed choreographer, just days away from
the world premiere of a highly anticipated ensemble piece she has created for
the National Ballet of Canada, would not hanker for few minutes more in the way
of preparation?

Right now, it is rehearsal time, and 38 dancers from the National Ballet are
practising their steps in a vast rehearsal hall located somewhere - you need a
guide to find it, and even then you're apt to get lost - in the northeast
quadrant of the Four Seasons Centre for the Performing Arts at the corner of
University Avenue and Queen St. W.

"Hey, guys!" calls out Barton's assistant, Hawaii-born dancer Charlaine
Katsuyoshi, a high-spirited young woman dressed entirely in black. She clutches
a huge binder of notes as she calls the dancers to attention. "How are ya? Let's
get this party started. We're going to do the ripples and the sway-sways, et
cetera."

Whatever else they might be, "ripples" and "sway-sways" are not to be found
among the standard lexicon of movements associated with classical ballet, which
ought to tell you something about Aszure Barton's choreography.

During the course of this afternoon's hour-long rehearsal, Katsuyoshi also
employs more conventional terms, including "arabesque" and "plie," which ought
to tell you something else.

In short, Barton is a thoroughly syncretic artist, straddling the traditional
and the wholly unexpected.

On this particular afternoon, Katsuyoshi spends most of her time working with
the corps of dancers, all at once. Relentlessly upbeat, she has something of a
drill sergeant's intensity with none of the bile.

Barton is a quieter presence, though no less benign.

Dressed in black jeans and a grey cardigan sweater, and with her blond hair
pulled straight back, she alternately perches herself on a tube chair to watch
the proceedings in silence or gathers with one, two, or maybe three dancers at a
time to work through some of the subtler elements of her latest opus, a highly
collaborative and extremely organic enterprise that has taken shape gradually
over a period of many months and only recently acquired a name.

"I didn't know the title until two weeks ago," says Barton, 34.

For the record, the title is Watch Her. The work has its premiere on Wednesday
evening, to be followed by five more performances over the ensuing four days.

Also on the program are The Four Temperaments, a 1946 modern classic by George
Balanchine, and Glass Pieces, created in 1983 by Jerome Robbins.

In the firmament of modern choreography, this is stellar company. But Barton is
growing accustomed to that.

She has been hailed as a singular talent by dance critics across Canada and the
United States, from the pages of The New York Times and The Village Voice to
those of the San Francisco Chronicle and The Santa Barbara Independent.

Russian legend Mikhail Baryshnikov calls her "a fresh, arresting and fascinating
choreographer."

Barton's works have been staged in Asia, Europe, South America and the United
States, as well as in her native Canada.

Two years ago, National Ballet artistic director Karen Kain approached the
rising young star to commission a new work for the Canadian company. Watch Her
has grown from there.

"We started with the idea of being observed and watched," Barton explains. "The
spiritual ideal of always being watched."

As the dancers go through their paces on this weekday afternoon, the recorded
music soaring from a set of speakers is from Stabat Mater Dolorosa (the
sorrowful mother was standing), a majestic, 13th-century Catholic hymn set to
music by Giovanni Battista Pergolesi and here arranged for strings by
Russian-American composer Lera Auerbach.

"It's so beautiful," says Barton. "I've been listening to the choral version for
many years. When I heard the orchestra play it last night, I just melted. It's
such a sacred score."

Edmonton born, Barton nowadays spends most of her time shuttling between the
Baryshnikov Arts Center in New York City and The Banff Centre in Alberta. She is
an artist-in-residence at both institutions.

"I'm a nomad," she says, a trifle wistfully. "I'm travelling so much because of
work."

Lately, Barton has been including a considerable quantity of Toronto time in her
international itinerary, guiding Watch Her to its debut.

By all accounts, the process has shared little in common with an orthodox
choreographic journey.

Rather than construct a new work in her head and then recruit a group of dancers
to embody that vision - the normal route to the stage for a new ballet - Barton
has approached this particular project from the opposite direction.

"Day one, I made it clear to the dancers that it was about us," she says. "It's
about everyone equally."

Instead of telling them what she wanted them to do, she began by asking the
dancers - individually or in small groups - to move in ways they found most
natural. Watch Her is the extension of that initial idea.

"I found it quite different from other choreographers," says dancer Sonia
Rodriguez, who had never worked with Barton before. "You feel like you're part
of the process, rather than just a tool. We started with just two dancers
looking at each other, and she developed a whole vocabulary."

"Her process is unique," says Katsuyoshi. "It's not like a ready-to-wear
process. It's couture. It's designed for each individual. She looks at the
individual dancers and finds their strengths and their character, and that's her
goal."

Barton herself is somewhat more equivocal in describing her approach.

"It's always changing," she says. "When I was young, I used to plan a lot. Now I
love going in with no fixed plan. But I'm really interested in the dancers as
real people. "

A dancer herself, Barton continues to perform on occasion with her own company,
Aszure Barton & Artists.

Although she had no formal training in choreography, she says her interest in
the art developed naturally, dating back nearly two decades to her time as a
teenager studying dance at the National Ballet School in Toronto.

"From age 22, I was really concentrating on choreography," she says.

Success came quickly, and she has already designed new works for The Juilliard
School, the Sydney Dance Company, the Martha Graham Dance Company, and Les
Ballets Jazz de Montreal, among other ensembles.

Barton has three other new projects underway, for the American Ballet Theater,
The Juilliard School and her own company - not a schedule she would recommend.

"It's too much," she says. "I'm kind of craving quiet at the moment."

Last month, while in Toronto, Barton had to have her appendix removed, and she
suffered a post-operative infection.

Cherice, one of two older sisters, happens to live here and helped nurse her
sibling back to health, an experience that evidently underscored for Barton the
value of family and stability.

Another sister, Charissa, lives and works in New York, also as a choreographer.

"I see myself slowing down a bit," Barton says. "I'd like to plant my own
tomatoes somewhere."

A holiday two years ago in Kenya rekindled her interest in travel, or in travel
that does not chiefly involve work.

Meanwhile, a somewhat impertinent question about her love life receives a
pensive response. There is no "significant other" in Barton's world at present.

"I'm just learning how to take care of myself," she says. "Eating well. Doing
yoga."

And, of course, making art.

She brims with praise for the National Ballet. "I've never worked with an
organization that is so efficient and classy."

And the dancers? They are "fantastically gorgeous."

She is equally delighted with the Four Seasons Centre. "It's gorgeous. It seems
more of a music hall. The acoustics are fantastic."

Just now, three dozen dancers are swaying and shifting about the rehearsal hall,
in a way that seems at once unpredictable and yet intimately orchestrated, like
a school of humanoid minnows dressed in warm-up gear.

You never know which way they're going to go, but they all go there together.

As the sequence comes to a halt in a single, unified flopping motion, Barton
narrows her eyes and nods.

"Nice," she says - and she smiles.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Aszure Barton talks with dancer Brigett Zehr during rehearsal for
Watch Her, which opens Wednesday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2009 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              90 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday

Join the circus April 29-May 1 as UAB's Alys Stephens Center presents Cirque
Alys II

LENGTH: 478  words

DATELINE: Birmingham


The University of Alabama at Birmingham has issued the following news release:

Enjoy three days of free circus demonstrations and performances featuring
Australia's Sway Poles and more at Cirque Alys II, presented by the University
of Alabama at Birmingham's Alys Stephens Performing Arts Center.

Celebrate spring with this festival event curated by the ASC and designed
especially for families and the community to enjoy during the day and after
work. Sway Poles is a company whose work fuses theater, dance and circus while
elevated on poles 16 feet tall. Originally based on the image of a field of
wheat swaying in the breeze, the poles' extreme strength and flexibility allow
the performers to bow to impossible angles and sway in a hypnotizing dance. With
a world-renowned repertoire that celebrates a wide variety of themes and
stories, the company has achieved near-cult status on almost every continent
around the globe.

The group's three-day residency at the ASC from April 29-May 1 will feature
demonstrations, happy hours and a grand-finale performance. Enjoy food trucks,
live music and cash bars as the Sway Poles demonstrate their unique art form.

On Wednesday, April 29, and Thursday, April 30, the ASC will present free
mini-demonstrations and performances outdoors in the Engel Plaza with the Sway
Poles at 10 a.m. and noon, with happy hour at 5:30 and a mini-performance at 6
p.m. Cantina Food Truck will be on-site at noon each day for lunch, and guests
can enjoy popcorn, cotton candy and cash bars for the happy hour events.

The free Cirque Alys II grand finale will begin at 5:30 p.m. Friday, May 1, with
an extravagant circus arts showcase. Hoop for Fitness Birmingham performers will
juggle, fire-hoop and fire-poi, and LED hoop and wand levitate, while one-man
showman Jesse McElroy acts as mime and Thimblerig Circus performers swallow
swords, walk on glass, eat fire, whip targets and lie on beds of nails to
delight and mystify audiences. Each act will walk about the plaza and entrain
and engage the audience.

The Sway Poles will take center stage at 7 p.m. to perform their dazzling,
acrobatic work "Swoon." A concert by String Theory will follow, with dancing and
more from Hoop for Fitness Birmingham. Cantina on Wheels, Saw's Street Kitchen,
Steel City Pops and NOLA Ice will have trucks on-site for the evening, plus
popcorn and cotton candy will be on offer. For more details, call the ASC at
205-975-2787 or visit www.AlysStephens.org.

ArtPlay will present several master classes and Meet the Artist shows with the
Sway Poles for students and schoolchildren during the residency. This
ASC-curated performance is made possible by the generous support of Jemison
Investment Company and the Mike and Gillian Goodrich Foundation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           October 9, 2003, Thursday

WQHT SEEMS TO HAVE A NEW SWAY TO GO

BYLINE: By DAVID HINCKLEY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: TELEVISION; Pg. 114

LENGTH: 395 words


DJ Sway and his team seem to have settled comfortably into the morning slot at
WQHT (97.1 FM), though station boss Barry Mayo says it's likely no one will
officially get the job until the station hires a new program director to replace
the departing Tracy Cloherty.

"Obviously there's a big connection between programming the whole station and
the presence of the morning show," says Mayo. "The morning show is such a major
part of the station that whomever we hire should have some input."

That doesn't mean Mayo has anything bad to say about Sway and the team, which
includes Miss Info, Rich Nice and Jimmy Marr.

"They're holding it down," he says, and the Sway team must be pleasing someone,
because they moved in right after former host Star left and haven't left since.

They have their own jingles and music, and nothing about the tone of the show
suggests they feel temporary.

The team also has developed a distinct edge to its interviews, riling several
guests by asking about rumors on matters from homosexuality to personal feuds.

Cloherty, who has been Hot-97 program director since 1998, is leaving for TV
projects. But her contract runs to February, and she's still there now.

"She's still very much involved," says Mayo, who adds that he has no timetable
for hiring a replacement.

WELCOME TO THE BYPLAY: When new WAXQ (104.3 FM) morning host Jim Kerr was having
a chat Tuesday with Elvis Duran of sister station WHTZ (100.3 FM), Elvis was
recalling how Kerr and sidekick Shelli Sonstein worked together for a dozen
years on the old WPLJ.

At the same time, Elvis was noting that Kerr had just played a Led Zeppelin
song, and coaxed him into playing the new Madonna-Britney Spears tune. Kerr spun
a few notes before everyone agreed that this combination of sounds just didn't
work.

"Led Zeppelin into Madonna," said Duran. "That sounds like the new 'PLJ."

The Kerr/Sonstein debut had a few technical glitches, but they offered just the
kind of smooth, friendly approach WAXQ presumably hired them to provide.

The show also reunites Kerr with producer Eric Margolis.

AROUND THE DIAL: WFUV (90.7 FM) features John Lennon today, marking his 63rd
birthday. WCBS-FM (101.1) features Lennon in its Hall of Fame at 8 tonight.
WAXQ says it won't play any Boston bands (like Aerosmith) until the Yankees-Red
Sox series is over.


LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              92 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 16, 2011 Wednesday

Fighting'? Runnin'? Let mascots sway your NCAA bracket

BYLINE: Rick Dandes, The Daily Item, Sunbury, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 488 words


March 16--SUNBURY -- It's entirely possible to pick your NCAA Tournament bracket
winners based on a team's mascot. Schools are represented by their mascots, so
why not make your selection based on which one can beat up the other? The
playoff brackets for the Men's and Women's Division I Basketball Championship
can be found by clicking here.

More traditional methods of choosing rarely work. Advancing all four No.
1-seeded teams to the Final Four was a bad idea until 2008, when Kansas, North
Carolina, Memphis and UCLA did so for the first time in tournament history.

Dare you risk putting a mid-major in the Final Four?

Bad idea?

Just ask the George Mason Patriots, or last year's runner-up, the Butler
Bulldogs.

So this March, try something entirely different by ordering a bracket based on
mascot theory.

The hardest part? Running into a lot of Tigers, Wildcats and even a few
Revolutionary War heroes.

This year, there are Bulldogs, Panthers, Bearcats, Cougars, Wolverines, Golden
Eagles, Nittany Lions and, yes, Wildcats and Tigers.

As for humans, there are Spartans, Runnin' Rebels, Patriots, Commodores and
Musketeers.

Tamer mascot names are Owls, Badgers, Bison, Cardinals and Peacocks.

Finally, there are the unexplainable names: the Zips, the Red Storm, Fighting
Illini and the Orange.

Using this theory, in the first round, the (Ohio State) Buckeyes (the
tournament's top-rated team) would lose to the (Villanova) Wildcats, because a
wildcats could eat a buckeye if it was in Ohio and hungry enough to crack that
nut. And if they met, the (Michigan) Wolverines would defeat the (Duke) Blue
Devils because wolverines are powerful and vicious.

The (Marquette) Golden Eagles should upset the (Washington) Huskies in Sweet 16
action. Both schools have great mascots, but the quality use of an adjective in
the mascot title gives the edge to the Big East squad from Wisconsin.

When Bucknell plays the University of Connecticut, how do you determine the
winner? Simple, Buffalo beats Husky.

And poor Temple -- maybe the better team, but you have to give the (Penn State)
Lions the win over the Owls.

There are some problem picks:

-- How to compare a Gator and a Gaucho?

-- An Aggie versus a Seminole?

-- Toughest pick? Peacocks vs. Zips. What's a Zip? For that matter, what's a
(Georgetown) Hoya? A Sycamore (Indiana State)? A Roadrunner (University of Texas
at Arlington)?

-- How the heck can anyone pick the winner between the UNLV Runnin' Rebels and
the Illinois Fighting Illini?

-- When Bruins meet Bruins, how can you determine the victor? It's anyone's
guess.

-- E-mail comments to rdandes@dailyitem.com

To see more of The Daily Item or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyitem.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Daily Item, Sunbury, Pa.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110316-DN-Fighting-Runnin-Let-mascots-sway
-your-NCAA-bracket-0316-20110316

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DN


                         Copyright 2011 The Daily Item


                              93 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                  SWAY Studio

                         3535 Hayden Avenue   4Th Floor
                             Culver City,  CA 90232
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (310) 689-7237
FAX: (310) 844-7050
URL: www.swaystudio.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   SWAY Studio is one of the top visual effects shops in North America. SWAY's
aim is to help advertising agencies eliminate traditional views of how their
products are seen and enable exciting new creative ideas. The goal is to create
unforgettable imagery and to confuse the viewer into believing that everything
is real with no thought about effects.  SWAY's proprietary software, the SWAY
Driving Simulator has been used to create stunning visual effects and spots for
Chevy, Mazda, Pontiac, Hyundai, Hummer and Toyota. This software replicates the
performance of any vehicle with complete precision.  Currently located in
Westwood, Calif., SWAY is moving its headquarters to Culver City.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 9,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              94 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         School Library Journal Reviews

                                October 1, 2014

Sway

BYLINE: Traci Glass

SECTION: REVIEWS; Grades 9 and Up;  Vol. 60 No. 10

LENGTH: 303 words


SPEARS, Kat. Sway. 320p. St. Martin's Griffin. 2014. Tr $18.99. ISBN
9781250051431; ebk. $9.99. ISBN 9781466852198.

Gr 9 Up--Jesse Alderman, aka Sway, can get you what you want, no matter what.
Drugs, popularity, money, anything, but it comes at a cost. After his mom chased
some prescription drugs with vodka and ended up dead on the bathroom floor,
Jesse doesn't care about much, as long as he gets paid and people live up to
their end of the bargain.

But that all ends when school bully Ken Foster asks him to convince Bridget
Smalley, an all-around wonderful person, to go out with Ken on a date. Jesse
thinks this is just another business transaction until he meets Bridget and
finds himself falling in love with her. Now, he's opening up to all kinds of
people, including Bridget's younger brother, Pete, who feels alone and damaged
because of his cerebral palsy, and Mr. Dunkelman, a man who lives at the nursing
home where her grandmother lives. However, the more he feels for Bridget, the
more he attempts to pull away from her and anyone who might care about him. And,
now that the protagonist has made Ken appear like a nice guy in Bridget's eyes,
she starts to pull away from Jesse, as well. From the first page, readers won't
ever want to leave Jesse behind. At first glance, this novel seems like a
typical Cyrano de Bergerac-type story, but it is much deeper than that, touching
on topics such as parent abandonment, disabilities, bullying, and love. The main
character's transformation and personality are well developed and believable,
and readers will root for him along the way, even though he makes it difficult.
References to drugs, alcohol, and suicide make it better suited for older teens.
A engaging story that will stay with readers long past the final page.--Traci
Glass, Eugene Public Library, OR

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2014 Library Journals, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 24, 2016 Tuesday

California: SWAY - Suisun City. Have Your Say!

LENGTH: 208 words

DATELINE: New York



 Suisun: City of Suisun, The State of California has issued the following news
release:







 Sway_logo_finalOnce again, facing continued erosion to City services and
programs that have been cut to the bone since the Great Recession and numerous
State financial grabs, Suisun City launched its SWAY campaign today.  The
purpose of this outreach effort is to give Suisun City residents a chance to
SWAY the direction of the City by sharing their ideas and opinions about the
direction the City should move.





 The SWAY effort will include multiple avenues for City residents to use to
share their insights and desires with City officials, including social media, a
photo contest and an on-line survey, which are available through www.Suisun.com
sway. There also will be information at local businesses and government offices
that will outline the problems Suisun City faces, and ask for priorities and
direction.



 The idea is to help meet you where you are - at home, at work, com uting,
running from one child's activity to another, living your hectic life - and help
you have a say in the type of com unity you want here in Suisun City.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 10, 2015 Friday

SWAY MEDICAL LLC(Oklahoma) applies for US Patent titled as "SYSTEM AND METHOD
FOR MEASURING REACTION TIME OF A SUBJECT"

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150094622 for US Patent, published on April 02, 2015, by SWAY MEDICAL
LLC(Oklahoma), titled as "SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR MEASURING REACTION TIME OF A
SUBJECT" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  CURTISS; CHASE; (TULSA, OK)
Assignee:    SWAY MEDICAL LLC
TULSA
OK
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "There
is provided herein a motion-based evaluation of reaction time that utilizes
motion detection hardware of a mobile device to determine auditory and visual
stimulated reaction time. In an embodiment, the subject holds a mobile computing
device equipped with built-in triaxis accelerometer and gyroscope with both
hands at arms length away from the face. A visual or auditory stimulus is then
presented on screen via a software application that also records the response
time for the individual to initiate a movement of the device. A simple reaction
time test could include the movement of the device in any direction that
exceeded a threshold of movement beyond what would be expected from static
holding. An embodiment of a choice reaction time test would provide for specific
directional movements as it related to an instructed stimulus."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              May 7, 2011 Saturday

Trainer Jeff Bonde's Twice the Appeal finishes 10th in 19-horse Kentucky Derby
field

BYLINE: Wire services

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 670 words


LOUISVILLE, Ky. -- Twice the Appeal, trained by Pleasanton's Jeff Bonde, split
the field in the 137th Kentucky Derby on Saturday at Churchill Downs.

Twice the Appeal finished 10th in the field of 19 after being bet down to
11-to-1 from his morning-line odds of 20-1. Twice the Appeal's support at the
mutuel windows was no doubt fueled by his jockey, Calvin Borel, who had won
three of the past four Derbies, including last May aboard Super Saver.

But Bonde didn't think Borel gave Twice the Appeal a good chance, taking him way
back behind a surprisingly slow pace and then moving very wide for the stretch
run. Twice the Appeal was last after a mile of the 1 1/4-mile race.

"He passed a lot of tired horses and beat nine of them," said Bonde, who had an
entry in the Derby for the first time in his 38-year training career. "It was an
experience, a lot of people, a lot of fanfare. Things didn't work out for us,
but we had a good time."

Two races before the Derby, Bonde's Smiling Tiger finished sixth in the $348,900
Churchill Downs Stakes. The 5-2 favorite, Smiling Tiger endured traffic problems
throughout the stretch run.

The day wasn't a total loss for Bonde, as Sway Away worked 6 furlongs in a fine
1:11.60 and is on track to run in the Preakness on May 21 at Pimlico (Md.).

Bonde had wanted to run Sway Away in the Derby, but the horse was 21st on the
earnings list and only 20 were allowed to be entered Wednesday. Uncle Mo was
scratched Friday, but there was no mechanism to add Sway Away to the field.

"He was primed to run, and he worked like a champion," Bonde said. "We'll go on
to the Preakness with him and hope our fortunes will be better in Baltimore."


     ·    Rosie Napravnik, 23, posted the highest finish in the Derby by a
          female jockey when she guided Pants On Fire to ninth. The effort
          topped 11th-place finishes by Patricia Cooksey in 1984 aboard So Vague
          and Julie Krone in 1995 atop Suave Prospect. Pants on Fire stayed with
          the leaders until the stretch, then held tough late. "I couldn't have
          wished for a better trip," Napravnik said.



     ·    Trainer Kathy Ritvo's first Derby went according to plan. Except,
          well, for the last part. Ritvo's Mucho Macho Man ended up third when
          his bid to catch Animal Kingdom deep in the stretch fell short. It
          equaled the second best finish by a female trainer in the Derby. Ritvo
          nearly died from heart disease three years ago before receiving a
          lifesaving transplant. Coming in third in the biggest race of her
          lengthy training career is hardly a bad thing. "He was fabulous
          today," Ritvo, 42, said. "It went just the way we thought it would. He
          gave it his all."



     ·    Kathleen O'Connell was also hoping to become the first female trainer
          to win the Derby. Her horse, Watch Me Go, went off as a 33-1 dreamer
          and never factored, finishing next to last. It's unfortunate, but
          we'll live to fight another day," O'Connell said.



     ·    Nehro finished in his customary spot: second. In a third-straight
          stakes race, Nehro uncorked a big closing move to get the place spot.
          The runner-up finishes started in the Louisiana Derby and continued in
          the Arkansas Derby. Nehro ran sixth for most of the Kentucky Derby
          with Corey Nakatani aboard before emerging from the pack to briefly
          take the lead. He came back again, out-dueling Mucho Macho Man for
          second money. "The little horse ran unbelievable," trainer Steve
          Asmussen said.



     ·    Last-place finisher Comma to the Top suffered an injured left ankle.
          Trainer Peter Miller said the horse has a chip fracture. "He's got to
          go to the sidelines for at least 60 days. This isn't the end of the
          world, and hopefully it won't be too bad," Miller said.



     ·    Archarcharch sustained a fracture to his left front leg, but on-call
          veterinarian Dr. Larry Bramlage said it was not a life-threatening
          injury. "He's in no distress at all," Bramlage said. "He walked right
          on the ambulance." Jockey Jon Court said the colt struggled over the
          dirt at Churchill Downs, finishing 15th. It's too early to tell if he
          will race again.


The Associated Press contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              May 7, 2011 Saturday

Trainer Jeff Bonde's Twice the Appeal finishes 10th in 19-horse Kentucky Derby
field

BYLINE: Wire services

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 670 words


LOUISVILLE, Ky. -- Twice the Appeal, trained by Pleasanton's Jeff Bonde, split
the field in the 137th Kentucky Derby on Saturday at Churchill Downs.

Twice the Appeal finished 10th in the field of 19 after being bet down to
11-to-1 from his morning-line odds of 20-1. Twice the Appeal's support at the
mutuel windows was no doubt fueled by his jockey, Calvin Borel, who had won
three of the past four Derbies, including last May aboard Super Saver.

But Bonde didn't think Borel gave Twice the Appeal a good chance, taking him way
back behind a surprisingly slow pace and then moving very wide for the stretch
run. Twice the Appeal was last after a mile of the 1 1/4-mile race.

"He passed a lot of tired horses and beat nine of them," said Bonde, who had an
entry in the Derby for the first time in his 38-year training career. "It was an
experience, a lot of people, a lot of fanfare. Things didn't work out for us,
but we had a good time."

Two races before the Derby, Bonde's Smiling Tiger finished sixth in the $348,900
Churchill Downs Stakes. The 5-2 favorite, Smiling Tiger endured traffic problems
throughout the stretch run.

The day wasn't a total loss for Bonde, as Sway Away worked 6 furlongs in a fine
1:11.60 and is on track to run in the Preakness on May 21 at Pimlico (Md.).

Bonde had wanted to run Sway Away in the Derby, but the horse was 21st on the
earnings list and only 20 were allowed to be entered Wednesday. Uncle Mo was
scratched Friday, but there was no mechanism to add Sway Away to the field.

"He was primed to run, and he worked like a champion," Bonde said. "We'll go on
to the Preakness with him and hope our fortunes will be better in Baltimore."

Rosie Napravnik, 23, posted the highest finish in the Derby by a female jockey
when she guided Pants On Fire to ninth. The effort topped 11th-place finishes by
Patricia Cooksey in 1984 aboard So Vague and Julie Krone in 1995 atop Suave
Prospect. Pants on Fire stayed with the leaders until the stretch, then held
tough late. "I couldn't have wished for a better trip," Napravnik said.

Trainer Kathy Ritvo's first Derby went according to plan. Except, well, for the
last part. Ritvo's Mucho Macho Man ended up third when his bid to catch Animal
Kingdom deep in the stretch fell short. It equaled the second best finish by a
female trainer in the Derby. Ritvo nearly died from heart disease three years
ago before receiving a lifesaving transplant. Coming in third in the biggest
race of her lengthy training career is hardly a bad thing. "He was fabulous
today," Ritvo, 42, said. "It went just the way we thought it would. He gave it
his all."

Kathleen O'Connell was also hoping to become the first female trainer to win the
Derby. Her horse, Watch Me Go, went off as a 33-1 dreamer and never factored,
finishing next to last. It's unfortunate, but we'll live to fight another day,"
O'Connell said.

Nehro finished in his customary spot: second. In a third-straight stakes race,
Nehro uncorked a big closing move to get the place spot. The runner-up finishes
started in the Louisiana Derby and continued in the Arkansas Derby. Nehro ran
sixth for most of the Kentucky Derby with Corey Nakatani aboard before emerging
from the pack to briefly take the lead. He came back again, out-dueling Mucho
Macho Man for second money. "The little horse ran unbelievable," trainer Steve
Asmussen said.

Last-place finisher Comma to the Top suffered an injured left ankle. Trainer
Peter Miller said the horse has a chip fracture. "He's got to go to the
sidelines for at least 60 days. This isn't the end of the world, and hopefully
it won't be too bad," Miller said.

Archarcharch sustained a fracture to his left front leg, but on-call
veterinarian Dr. Larry Bramlage said it was not a life-threatening injury. "He's
in no distress at all," Bramlage said. "He walked right on the ambulance."
Jockey Jon Court said the colt struggled over the dirt at Churchill Downs,
finishing 15th. It's too early to tell if he will race again.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 13, 2015 Monday

FLORIDA:Free Concert: Sway Jah Vu

LENGTH: 197  words

DATELINE: Destin


Destin Area Chamber of Commerce Florida has issued the following news release:

Free Concert: Sway Jah Vu
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 6:00 PM
WSRE
1000 College Blvd.
Pensacola, FL 32504

WSRE, PBS for the Gulf Coast, will record the seventh season of
"StudioAmped"--the televised concert series featuring regional bands and their
original music--at the Jean & Paul Amos Performance Studio for two weeks
beginning April 7. Eight performances will be recorded live before studio
audiences. The concerts are open to the public, free of charge.

"We're committed to showcasing local musicians and only original music," said
Executive Producer Bill Harrell. "With free admission and a great lineup of
artists, it's a super deal for local music fans. We're making live TV, and we
want them to be a part of it."

This year's featured bands include Lauren Kay, Noiseheads and Jeff Glickman &
The Panhandle Allstars from Pensacola; W.B. and The Geezers from Navarre; Dismal
Creek from Santa Rosa Beach; Continuum from Destin; Sway Jah Vu from
Tallahassee; and Willie Sugarcapps from Baldwin County, Ala.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                 April 10, 2009

The Primal Sublime;
music;
The Sway Machinery Conjures a Paradox

BYLINE:

Hillel Broder is a high school teacher and graduate student of literature.

SECTION: Arts & Culture; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1378 words


Visionary songs that  attempt a new genre of  post-cantorial music.

The very name of The Sway  Machinery, a Brooklynbased  cantorial-infused
supergroup, brings to  mind the conjunction of  the natural and the created,
the human and the machine, and the  group's music rejoices in that paradox.

The musicians, coming from relatively  mainstream bands, here align themselves
with the primeval drive to dance  and with its sublime manifestation as
transcendental shuckling (swaying).  This not the stiff, traditional hazanut  of
your fathers and grandfathers, nor  is it the increasingly common polite
avant-garde jazz/klezmer fusion. Sway  Machinery's sound pulses with barely
controlled movement.

Frontman and guitarist Jeremiah  Lockwood (also of Balkan Beat Box)  described
to the Forward how The  Sway Machinery's first album, Hidden  Melodies Revealed
(released April 7),  is profoundly wild, with layered brass  employing unique
sources  even the  sounds of imagined prehistoric animals.  The braying,
interlocking trumpets that  kick off such tracks as Intro, Anim  Zemiros and A
Staff of Strength  (among others) suggest a marching  band or an elephant parade
gone ber-

serk, and hearing the choral crowds  chant in the epic crescendo of Adiray
Ayuma reminds one less of a High  Holy Day congregation responding to  its
cantor than  again in Lockwood's  words  of a triumphant army brigade  emerging
from a tunnel.

To simply call the group's sound, as  many reviewers have, an eclectic blend  of
klezmer, blues, indie-folk, Afro-pop  and hazanut does The Sway Machinery  no
justice. True: The group's sound is  certainly not free of the influence of
these

historically and culturally familiar  genres. Indeed, The Sway Machinery's
composition is as diverse, primal and  epic as its sound. But with the deep
woolly mammoth bellows of bass saxophonist  Colin Stetson (of Arcade Fire);  the
brassy, blaring, and sharp tones of  tenor saxophonist Stuart Bogie and
trumpeter Jordan McLean (both of  Antibalas); the dramatically raucous  jazz
beats of drummer Brian Chase (of  the Yeah Yeah Yeahs), and Lockwood's  mildly
raspy but mostly grandiose voice  over his understated but critically centered
arpeggiated guitar, this all-star  lineup attempts a new genre of post-cantorial
music with a flair that transcends  even the sum of its independently talented
parts, achieving a musically fresh  visionary space that celebrates both the
primal and the sublime.

I hadn't heard of The Sway Machinery  until last September. An Israeli friend
of mine had been visiting New York  City for the month and had recommended  we
meet up at the Millinery  Center Synagogue on Sixth Avenue at  about midnight on
a Thursday. To those  unfamiliar with the contemporary post-Hasidic bohemian
scene, this may seem  like a strange place and time for a licit  rendezvous. But
for those in the know,  the Millinery Center Synagogue informally  hosts a
weekly gathering affectionately  known as The Chulent. This  gathering attracts
a smorgasbord of traditional,  neo and post-Hasidic Jews, as  well as anyone
interested in vegetarian  chulent, the occasional Torah lecture or  folk
concert, and general night-long rabble  rousing and merrymaking.

When we arrived, we saw chulent-eaters  with and without yarmulkes, side-locks,
frocks, piercings and colored  hair, spread out in what was becoming  a crowded
space. Some had spilled out  onto the already crowded porch area  for a
cigarette break; others retreated to  some of the more hidden rooms in the  back
for what seemed like a more aromatic  convention. It was only after midnight
that The Sway Machinery took the  stage, and although I hadn't anticipated  a
performance by the band that night, I  was transfixed as the musicians played
into the early morning.

After the performance, Lockwood  described the experience of playing  The
Chulent as surreal, dreamy and  of incredible personal importance.  Watching men
and women who had  either shed or retained their full Hasidic  garb excitedly
sway and jump to the  words of familiar liturgies and melodies   High Holy Day
and otherwise  and  to the sounds of the brass-and blues-suffused  but lofty
cantorial-driven rhythms,  almost as if they were at a tish (gathering)  around
their fathers' and grandfathers'  rebbe, was reason to rejoice. I was  similarly
startled by the band's strikingly  fresh-but-familiar sound, driven  into the
rhythms struck by Lockwood's  entrancing guitar and sharp hazanlike  voice, and
by the accompanying bleating  horns. And that's when I realized:  The Sway
Machinery posits a grand and  ambitious vision. This is the cantorial  music of
our generation: It is the rhythm  and accompaniment to which we would  set our
traditional melodies, had we the  tools and vision Lockwood and his Sway
Machinery possess.

That night, The Sway Machinery's  stage presence and voice transcended  even the
traditional roots the band  claims as their base: At times, Lockwood
interjected the swinging cantorial favorites  with a mystical, nasal and
preacher-like  voice, telling original and home-spun  folktales reminiscent of
those midrashic  or Hasidic. At other points, he seemed to  get lost in a Robert
Plant-like blues-jam,  hearkening back to his previous projects  with blues
legend Carolina Slim.  He, along with the rest of The Sway  Machinery, displaced
all the usual musical  anticipations with the surprisingly  rich yarn of story,
song and sway.

Gratifyingly, Hidden Melodies  Revealed similarly captivates with a  rich
presentation of diverse vocal tonalities  and musical genres. On the album,
Lockwood successfully and dramatically  replicates the storytelling technique
you might witness at any of the  group's live performances, introducing  at
least three of his songs with his  own grand mythologies of fallen kings  (The
Mask), misunderstood princesses  (The Princess) and disillusioned  artisan
immigrants (When I First Came  to This Country). His cantorial-infused  songs
are likewise influenced by multiple  sources: I Shall Chant Praise,  for
example, is not a cantorial favorite;  in fact, I was surprised to learn from
him that the song is a variation on a  traditional Breslov melody. And while
the ambitious and elaborate Ahavas  Olam and Avinu Malkenu have  stronger
cantorial foundations, both are

original compositions of Lockwood's  recently deceased grandfather, cantor
Jacob Konigsburg, with whom he  spent weekly childhood visits listening  to such
great cantors as Zawel  Kwartin, Pierre Pinchik and Berele  Chagy.

For Lockwood, cantorial music's  mythical potential transcends  even the genre's
spiritual nature.  Expounding on cantorial music's  world, reminiscent of a
fairy tale,  as well as on his influence by the  Hasidic tradition of folk tale
and  music, he explained how the music  principally evokes a mythical world  of
possibilities, a world in which we  are invited to find and create our  own
stories. Through a freshly cast  sound in (what often seems to be) a  dry and
obsolete tradition, The Sway  Machinery encourages us to make our  own stories
and locate that mythical  space what Lockwood calls the  fairy-tale-like quality
of cantorial  music. Through his medium, what he  hopes to teach is, Everyone
needs  to dig into the realm of stories and  mystical teaching, and that Judaism
will return to this intellectual promise  in which Jews will continue to  plunge
into stories, connecting and  continuing their inherent folk tradition  through
story and music-making.

Slipping away from The Chulent  at around 2 a. m., I was left with the
resounding, triumphant vision of  Hasidim of the old world dancing to  familiar
music retold and recast in  a new age; and I retained echoes of  the words
Lockwood croons so well  on his sole English and blues track,  titled Tell It
All to Me: Oh babe/  I put my symphony in your hands.  Indeed, Sway Machinery's
symphonic  achievement is the disenfranchisement  of its claim to meaning, myth
and music. We are the myth-makers;  we are telling and retelling our stories,
forever making them relevant.  We are those New Age Hasidim dancing  to age-old
tunes set to even fresher  rhythms.

In fact, it is so wonderful simply  because it is in our hands.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                 March 7, 2002

Stopping the swaying
London's Millennium Bridge recently reopened, minus the sway. Paddy Leahy
describes how to make a bridge stay put

SECTION: CITY EDITION; SCIENCE TODAY; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 573 words


London's (pounds) 18 million sterling Millennium Bridge was officially opened
for the second time about two weeks ago, a very quiet affair given the
embarrassment following its first ribbon-cutting ceremony.

It opened to much fanfare on June 10th, 2000, but closed only two days later.
Heavy pedestrian traffic made the striking span across the Thames pitch and sway
, so much so that it was shut down on safety grounds.

Part of the problem relates to modern bridge design which aspires to low weight
and high sophistication. It can lead to unexpected problems. Attempts to build
light and relatively flexible structures, particularly long-span suspension
bridges, often open the way to unwanted sway and vibration.

One bridge that paid the ultimate price for this was the Tacoma Narrows Bridge,
south of Seattle in the US. Built in 1940, the suspension bridge had a span of
more than half a mile. Shortly after opening it displayed an alarming tendency
to sway in moderate winds, and was quickly nicknamed "Galloping Gertie".

Not long after, a wind of only 42 miles per hour caused a rhythmic swaying in
the bridge that matched its fundamental frequency. The wind speed was just right
to amplify the motion and the bridge quickly shook itself to pieces.

Its last hours were captured on film and the record of its movements were of
immense benefit to engineers later studying the cause of the failure. This
greatly improved our understanding of the dynamic response of long-span
suspension bridges to strong winds. A new bridge was built across the Tacoma
narrows, and it still stands, carrying 90,000 vehicles a day.

Cork's well-known "Shaky" Bridge - officially known as Daly's bridge - is a
suspension bridge across the north channel of the River Lee, connecting Sunday's
Well with the Mardyke and Western Road.

A pedestrian bridge with a 49 metre span, it was built in 1926 and has given
enjoyment to children who jump on it, making it shake. The small deflections
were never a threat to the bridge and after three-quarters of a century it is
still one of Cork's best-loved bridges.

London's Millennium Bridge was less fortunate. With its low-slung supporting
cables the bridge was hailed a triumph of modern design and is certainly very
elegant.

It soon became famous for all the wrong reasons. It wobbled, with a considerable
lateral swaying movement, much to the embarrassment of Ove Arup, the structural
engineering firm responsible for its design. The company's engineers quickly
identified the problem, a phenomenon they termed "lock in".

Foot traffic caused a small movement in the bridge, and once started,
pedestrians unconsciously tended to walk in step with the swaying motion. The
collective "marching" caused a rhythmic force that amplified the motion, making
the bridge sway even more.

This would not have happened in normal circumstances, but with the large number
of people on the bridge on the day of the opening, the effect was dramatic.

Following extensive studies, Ove Arup's engineers came up with a proposal to
eliminate the problem by installing hydraulic dampers. The remedial work,
costing an estimated (pounds) 5 million sterling, was completed and on January
30th, in a large-scale test, 2,000 volunteers marched across the bridge.
Engineers monitored 24 movement sensors which proved that the sway had been
eliminated. The bridge came back into service on February 22nd.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Irish Times


                              102 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             July 26, 2005 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

MIDDLETON COMPANIES MERGE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 483 words


Two small Middleton firms have merged. Sway Connection Marketing has acquired
Pike + Company, a 19-year-old design firm.

With annual revenues of about $500,000, Sway focuses on nontraditional
advertising such as Web blogs and video with clients that include Berbee
Information Networks and Charter Communications. Pike + Company has annual
revenues of nearly $1 million, said Jason Weaver, Sway's chief executive
officer. The combined company will have six full-time and two part-time
employees and will occupy the Pike + Company offices at 1350 Deming Way.

Local cheesemaker takes best of show

A Wisconsin farmstead cheesemaker won the "Best of Show" award Saturday out of
749 entries at the 22nd annual American Cheese Society annual competition in
Louisville, Ky.

Mike Gingrich of Uplands Cheese Co., Dodgeville, took top honors for his
Pleasant Ridge Reserve, a Beaufort-style cheese. The contest included
cheesemakers from 26 states and Canada.

Sid Cook of Carr Valley Cheese in LaValle won 20 awards for his cheeses. Other
area winners included: Cedar Grove Cheese, Plain; Crave Brothers Farmstead
Cheese, Waterloo; DCI Cheese Company, Mayville; Family Fresh Pack, Belleville;
Lactalis USA-Belmont, Belmont; Maple Leaf Cheese Co., Monroe; Organic Valley, La
Farge; and Roth Kase USA, Monroe.

Power line meetings begin

Residents will have a chance to influence the eventual route of a planned
high-powered electric line across Dane County in a series of informal meetings
continuing today.

American Transmission Co., which owns the lines carrying power around Wisconsin,
announced earlier this month its intentions to build a $115 million,
345-kilovolt transmission line between Rockdale to west Middleton, but no
precise route is planned yet.

The company is asking for public input at an informal open house from 2 to 8
p.m. today at the Heights Event Center, 411 Prairie Heights Drive, Verona. Open
houses continue from 2 to 8 p.m. Wednesday at the Quality Inn in Fitchburg, 2969
Cahill Main, and from 2 to 8 p.m. Thursday at St. John's Lutheran Church, 625 E.
Netherwood, Oregon.

Drug company merger in works

In a deal that will create the world's largest generic drug company, Teva
Pharmaceutical Industries said Monday it is acquiring rival Ivax Corp. for about
$7.4 billion in cash and stock. Ivax shares climbed 10 percent.

The acquisition comes as the generic drug industry has been benefiting from a
drive to lower health-care costs and a spate of patent expirations on major
medicines.

IRS announces audit plans

The Internal Revenue Service said Monday it plans to audit 5,000 businesses to
measure tax evasion and refine the agency's estimate of annual unpaid taxes.

The research will target randomly selected S-corporations, enterprises that do
not pay corporate income tax but instead pass income and taxes through the
business to individual shareholders. The audits will include those shareholders.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Digest

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              103 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sunday Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             August 2, 2009 Sunday
                                 First Edition

Downloaded

BYLINE: Guy Blackman

SECTION: M; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 405 words


Australia's entire female teen population seems to have gone Short Stack mad
this week, launching the photogenic NSW trio (pictured) into the ARIA singles
charts at number two with latest effort Sway Sway Baby. Strangely, the band
didn't fare so well in the digital-only charts, suggesting there may well be a
glut of Sway CD singles lingering in chain stores for months to come.

Brisbane pop eccentric Kate Miller Heidke also broke into the singles top 10 for
the first time this week with The Last Day on Earth. Never intended as a single,
the Curiouser album track was rush-released after appearing prominently in an ad
for Neighbours. It leapt almost 30 places to land at number seven this week.

Overseas, Jemina Pearl, lead singer of defunct Nashville garage pop kids Be Your
Own Pet, duets sweetly on new single I Hate People with pensioned punk pioneer
Iggy Pop. Her debut solo album is due in October and also features Thurston
Moore from Sonic Youth, who runs her record label, and TV on the Radio's Dave
Sitek.

Adam Yauch of New York hip-hop ex-brats the Beastie Boys announced last week he
has a cancerous but operable tumour in his throat, cancelling upcoming tour
dates and pushing back the release of new album Hot Sauce Committee Part 1. This
didn't stop combative new single Too Many Rappers from hitting radio playlists
around the world. Featuring a turn from fellow Big Apple native Nas, Too Many
Rappers emphasises the band's multi-decade credentials. â[#x20ac]oeI been in the
game since before you was born, I might still be MCing after you're
gone,â[#x20ac] is one of Yauch's opening lines.

Probably this week's most widely disseminated leak, though, was catchy new Jay-Z
track Run This Town, featuring production and verses from Kanye West and a
hypnotic Rihanna chorus. First posted on Twitter by Roots drummer ?uestlove, and
lifted from forthcoming album The Blueprint 3, the track is a more upbeat
follow-up to Hova's finger-wagging Death of Auto-tune.

For listeners wanting an online Aussie music fix, music nerd discussion site
Mess+Noise features a constant stream of great locally produced music, posting
MP3s regularly by up-and-coming Australian bands. There's a music player with
the editors' top 20 local music picks for the week, and a series of
track-by-track album dissections with the artists themselves. Recently they've
examined Soil Creatures, the spellbinding fifth album by Melbourne folk auteur
Grand Salvo.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Republic (Mitchell, South Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 1, 2011 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Campaigns not only time food offered in attempt to sway opinion

BYLINE: The Daily Republic, Mitchell, S.D.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 530 words


March 01--The similarities drip with irony. With key elections looming last
November, South Dakota became embroiled in controversy when some politicians
were accused of providing food in conjunction with early voting events. That's
illegal in South Dakota, and in the months since, lawmakers have discussed
tightening the screws on laws that would crack down on the practice. Last week,
that effort stalled when a legislative committee voted down a bill that would
make voter bribery a more serious crime and limit times when candidates for
office could offer food to voters.

Meanwhile, anyone who happens to find themselves in Pierre while the state
Legislature is in session can see those very lawmakers feted with food and drink
as lobbyists attempt to sway those elected lawmakers' votes.

The Daily Republic crashed a few of those parties last month and learned there
are 125 events on the 2011 Legislative Social Calendar, which averages out to
roughly three per day. There are 670 registered lobbyists working the
legislative session, outnumbering lawmakers roughly 6 to 1.

The refreshments -- food, soft drinks, alcohol, etc. -- are free for lawmakers
who attend these events.

Meanwhile, state lawmakers swear during their oath of office that they will not
"accept or receive directly or indirectly, any money, pass, or any other
valuable thing, from any corporation, company or person, for any vote or
influence I may give or withhold on any bill or resolution, or appropriation, or
for any other official act."

The lobbyists know what they're doing. One lobbyist last month told The Daily
Republic: "We know the bait."

Does anyone else find this ironic?

Throughout the past month, some South Dakota lawmakers worked to shore up
prohibitions against the alleged food-for-votes situations that occurred during
the most recent election. In the most notable case, then-U.S. Rep. Stephanie
Herseth Sandlin, D-S.D., was accused of trickery when she hosted a chili feed
and early voting rally in what she said was simply an effort to bring together
voters on an American Indian reservation. Although she claimed she simply wanted
to discuss issues with attendees, same-day voting was available to those who
came.

There were no prosecutions, but the controversy did cast a cloud in the final
weeks of the election, and Herseth Sandlin lost her re-election bid to
Republican challenger Kristi Noem.

We aren't accusing lawmakers of wrongdoing. In most cases, it's just an
ice-cream cone or a snack.

Still, we can't miss this opportunity to point out that these things are
happening, and even while lawmakers consider whether to shore up the state's
so-called food-for-votes laws. If they're really concerned with what's happening
during election campaigns, perhaps they should also take a look at what's
happening during legislative sessions.

To see more of The Daily Republic, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mitchellrepublic.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Daily Republic,
Mitchell, S.D. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110301-JQ-EDITORIAL-Campaigns-not-only-time-food-offered-in-attempt-to-sway
-opinion-0301-20110301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JQ


                       Copyright 2011 The Daily Republic


                              105 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                      March 10, 2011 Thursday 7:29 PM  EST

Application No. 5115/DELNP/2010 Published on Feb. 25, Assigned to Erico
International for Lateral Seismic Brace (U.S. Inventors)

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: MUMBAI, India


MUMBAI, India, March 10 -- Eric C. Osborn, Nicholas J. Ambrogio, Eric J. Wilson
and Paul B. Allen, all from the U.S., have developed a lateral seismic brace.
Application No. 5115/DELNP/2010 was filed on July 15, 2010, and published on
Feb. 25.

The application has been assigned to Erico International Corp., Ohio, USA.

According to the abstract released by the Intellectual Property India: "A sway
brace fitting clamp is used for lateral bracing of sprinkler or other types of
pipe (designated the service pipe) to a structure, to prevent movement of the
service pipe perpendicular to the axis of the pipe relative to the structure to
which it is attached. The sway brace fitting clamp includes a U-bolt which fits
around the service pipe, and a pair of hooks that are coupled to straight ends
of the U-bolt, for hooking the sway brace pipe. A pair of nuts engages threaded
portions of the U-b6lt ends. The nuts may be tightened to pull the sway brace
pipe into contact with the service pipe, firmly clamping the sway brace pipe and
the service pipe together."

The international filing date for the patent was Jan. 19, 2009, under
International Application No.PCT/US09/031380.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                            Entangle and Sway L.L.C

                                2791 Bush Street
                            San Francisco,  CA 94115
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (415) 240-9523
URL: www.entangleandsway.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   At Entangle & Sway we believe that all women should have the opportunity to
be breathtaking while getting fit! We trust in the beauty of all women and pole
dancing allows us to celebrate each individual's uniqueness. Providing a place
where all the worries of the day disappear and all focus can be on you. We
celebrate the female figure, whatever size, age and shape. All women should get
a chance to feel sexy and gorgeous.  Lead instructor Trisha, demonstrates a
dance at Entangle & Sway's 6 pole studio!  Entangle & Sway is dedicated to
making each individual's pole journey fun and enlightening. We create a safe
environment, both physically and mentally to allow women to truly shine.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              107 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

Parents seek to sway opinions about Selinsgrove's transgender policy

BYLINE: Rick Dandes, The Daily Item, Sunbury, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 608 words


Dec. 17--SELINSGROVE -- A group of Selinsgrove school district parents met
Friday afternoon with attorneys from the Pennsylvania Family Council to discuss
strategies aimed at reversing a district-wide decision that allows transgender
students to use any restroom or locker room based on their sexual identity.

The PFC is a Harrisburg-based non-profit conservative organization that
advocates for family values, and they were invited by to the area by residents
wanting suggestions on how to sway public opinion and school board members on
the issue that has caused such dismay in the district. Fourteen people were on
hand for the 90 minute strategy session at Shamokin Dam Alliance Church.

"As district residents you need to make a persuasive argument that will move the
school board members to reconsider the district's position," said Jeremy L.
Samek, a senior counsel with the Independent Law Center, a group affiliated with
PFC. Samek was there to show how parents can be a voice to ensure that
expectations of bodily privacy are not eliminated in schools; to ensure that
restrooms, locker rooms and showers continue to be designated on the basis of
biological sex; and to ensure that all students continue to have a safe and
private place to use personal facilities.

The board needs to restore that expectation of bodily privacy by voting to roll
back the "improperly adopted" current practice, Samek said.

Samek said the most persuasive argument involves privacy.  "The point you need
to make," Samek said, "is that the presence of transgender students in the
Selinsgrove High School girls' bathroom of locker room violates the other
students' right to bodily privacy."

Schools can respect everyone without taking privacy rights away from anyone, he
said.

Samek, and attorney Randall L. Wenger, also of the ILC, began the session noting
that President Obama's "guidance" statement on transgender use of restrooms and
locker rooms in schools that receive federal funding was "misinterpreted by some
to mean that funding could be withheld depending on school policy towards
transgenders. It cannot."

Schools are always going to be sued, Samek said. "it's just a fact of life. In
this case, the possibility exists for lawsuits on both sides. We believe that as
long as you are likely going to be sued anyway, do the right thing."

Wenger noted that there has been a reluctance by some in the district to call
for a reversal of the restroom policy for fear of being called bigots.

"We are not bigots," Wenger said. "And we are not discriminating against
transgender students. We can love those in the transgender community. But we
think personal privacy matters. What we care about is personal privacy for
everyone. Biological sex is the only valid reason to have separate showers and
restroom in the first place. Personal privacy depends on anatomy."

Towards the end of the meeting, Wenger suggested ways to approach those who
don't agree with them: "Smile. Be the kind of person they want to listen to.
Demonstrate a love for others."

If parents want to get their point across, find a well-spoken student or two to
speak out in public meetings.

"We've found that in other districts wrestling with this issue, student voices
can be very persuasive," Wenger said.

"We want to win," Samek said. "Even if we do, there may be another battle in
Harrisburg." By winning in Selinsgrove, he added, it will ultimately have
resonance across the commonwealth.

Send comments to rdandes@dailyitem.com Follow Dandes on Twitter @rdandes.

___ (c)2016 The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pa.) Visit The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pa.) at
www.dailyitem.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161217-DN-Parents-seek-to-sway
-opinions-about-Selinsgrove-s-transgender-policy-1217-20161217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DN


                         Copyright 2016 The Daily Item


                              108 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           November 25, 2014 Tuesday

Tri-Valley letters: Reason can't sway believers in religion of liberalism

BYLINE: Valley Journal

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Letters; Contra Costa; News; Local; Opinion

LENGTH: 965 words


Reason doesn't sway believers in liberalism

I was amused to read the comments by retiring U.S. Rep. George Miller,
D-Martinez, (Valley Times, Nov. 17) on why Americans were discontented with
President Obama and showed it at the ballot box.

Mr. Miller sounds like the poster child for Jonathan Gruber, a principal
architect of Obamacare -- you know, the guy who said the law was made
deliberately obscure and deceptive. He also stated the law passed because of the
stupidity of the American voter. I won't go as far as to say Mr. Miller is a
stupid American; he is just an uninformed one.

It's hard to accept he actually believes in our president's many alleged
accomplishments, the majority of which cannot directly be attributed to any
action on his part, unless you count warming the presidential chair
participation. There is nothing I could say that would sway Mr. Miller because
when your religion of choice is liberalism, no logical explanations are
possible.

Philip R. La Scola

Livermore

Planner's gaffe aside, health care act needed

OK, I'm tired of hearing the American voters are stupid and ignorant! I am
neither. I also can afford to pay for very good health insurance. BUT,
regardless of the mistakes and early learning correction that might occur, I was
all for this health law. Why did I not act according to the "Smith" economic
law? Because I was willing to pay more so others might have just a "little" more
themselves.

When government has to do things to correct our social inadequacies (i.e.
overloaded emergency rooms, egregious unnecessary obnoxiously paid big corporate
bosses AND the ridiculous pension benefits of city, state and federal agencies),
this is what happens. The masses vote as well. They didn't do this out of
stupidity, they needed health insurance -- that's the bottom line, and we'll get
it straightened out at some point. I used to be Republican, but now I just vote
on the changes needed to happen and go on from there.

Joy Morrissey

San Ramon

It's high time to reassess our U.S. democracy

"I will do it alone. I have the executive power." "We will fight back tooth and
nail." All this is done at the taxpayers' expense by the most highly paid and
privileged representatives elected by "we the people" to serve us.

A government designed for checks/balances is now a collection of toothless
tigers with a thunderous bark of their power but no constructive achievement to
serve "we the people".

In the destructive seesaw of power, people and the media find the excitement of
a football game and the elected officials find an escape from the serious
responsibility of government business and purpose. The same excitement
anesthetizes the public to see the damage it causes them.

Government performance at every level is deteriorating: Immigration policy in
limbo for 15 years while the problem keeps growing worse; foreign policy
uncertainties and reversals ignoring the national interests; abdication of
responsibility for adopting and enforcing quality laws resulting in legalization
of illegal drugs state after state and turning of serious felonies into
misdemeanors; an intolerable level of indiscipline combined with a lowering
level of education in public schools; unaffordable student fees inflation at the
universities; no control over health care and medicine costs.

It is clear that to keep democracy sustainable, it must be reexamined/refined
from time to time. This is the time.

T.S. Khanna

Alamo Foundation for Better Government

A western span Bay Bridge bike path alternative

After reading Denis Cuff's article in the Contra Costa Times about the $10
million engineering study to determine some way to build a 2-mile bike path on
the western half of the Bay Bridge costing less than $500 million, I have a
suggestion.

Why not get a fleet of bicycle-accessible buses and run a free shuttle between
Treasure Island and somewhere along the Embarcadero in San Francisco? Bikers and
hikers could use the path on the eastern half of the bridge, then take a spin
around Treasure Island before hopping on the free shuttle to the city. They
could cycle around San Francisco and shuttle back to Treasure Island before
biking or hiking back to West Oakland.

That would seem to accomplish the same goal for a tiny fraction of the cost of a
western-span bike path.

Marian Conning

Pleasanton

Autonomous cars better than high-speed rail

There are many critics of high-speed rail, and Contra Costa Times' article
"Google's autonomous autos racking up miles" [Nov 13, 2014] points out
difficulties with development of a truly autonomous auto. But there is an
alternative to the high cost of high-speed rail that uses dedicated highway
lanes and partially autonomous autos.

Autos, employing basic autonomous techniques, can follow transmitters embedded
in the roadway, can control vehicle speed and sense adjacent cars. All that is
needed are dedicated highway lanes.

This system would have advantages over high-speed rail. The cost would be
significantly less. Vehicles could be spaced closer and travel at 80 mph. People
have their own car at the destination. Start and stop points are infinite;
vehicles simply merge into the high-speed lane. The technology is here and could
be implemented on Interstate 5 and other highways incrementally. People could
live in the Central Valley and reach Silicon Valley in one hour or less.

Yes, this system does not have people traveling at 100 or more mph, but the
actual time saved between points is more than high-speed rail. Travelers do not
first go to a train depot and with infinite stop points they travel at
high-speed closer to their destination.

Like high speed rail, users of this hybrid system can enjoy a relaxed trip at
higher speeds with more safety than a normal transit down a highway. It's a
no-brainer.

Marcus Libkind

Livermore

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             May 10, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Jarrett's crew chief fined $25,000 for illegal part

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 307  words

DATELINE: CHARLOTTE, N.C.


CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) -- Crew chief Richard "Slugger" Labbe was suspended for
four races and fined $25,000 on Tuesday for using an illegal part on Dale
Jarrett's car at Richmond International Raceway.

NASCAR officials discovered the sway bar on Jarrett's car was illegally mounted
when the No. 88 Ford passed through Saturday night's pre-race inspection in
Richmond.

The sway bar, also called an "antiroll bar," counteracts the rolling force of
the car body through the turns. Any alterations made to it would likely be in an
effort to help the car's agility through the corners.

Labbe and car owner Robert Yates were not immediately available for comment
Tuesday. A team spokeswoman said they planned to appeal the penalties, which
included a loss of 25 driver points for Jarrett and 25 car owner points for
Yates.

The points deduction drops Jarrett from 11th to 12th in the standings, 380
points behind leader Jimmie Johnson.

The suspension means that Labbe, in his first season with Jarrett, will miss
this weekend's race in Darlington, S.C., the All-Star race and Coca-Cola 600 at
Lowe's Motor Speedway and the June 4 event in Dover, Del. But NASCAR could allow
Labbe to continue to work with the team until his appeal is heard.

It's unclear what kind of punishment Labbe could face within his own company.

Yates was one of the most critical car owners of crew chief Chad Knaus when he
was caught cheating during preparations for the Daytona 500. Knaus made an
illegal modification to Johnson's car and was also suspended for four races.

Yates argued that the penalty should have been stiffer.

"If there is language in the rule book about not doing that particular thing,
then he ought to have to go race the Talladega short track the rest of his
life," Yates said.

"If the language covers that area ... he should be gone forever. That's just
stealing."

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             March 21, 2005 Monday

OBITUARIES

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 482 words


Largo

HART, MARION E., 81, of Largo, died Wednesday (March 16, 2005) at Largo Medical
Center. He was born in Springfield, Ill., and came here in 1984 from Milwaukee.
He was a retired engineer and a Navy veteran of World War II, where he served in
the Pacific Theater. He was Baptist. He was a Mason and a Shriner and a member
of the Scottish Rite. Survivors include his wife, Carol; a daughter, Lynn Bauer,
Milwaukee; a son, Paul, Nekoosa, Wis.; a sister, Elberta Weisner, Seminole; a
brother, William, Sturtevant, Wis.; two grandchildren; and a great-grandson.
National Cremation Society, Largo.

McNEILL, LAWRENCE C., 86, of Spruce Pine, N.C., formerly of Largo, died Tuesday
(March 8, 2005) in Asheville, Va. He came here from Trotwood, Ohio, before
moving to North Carolina. He was an Army veteran of World War II, where he
served in a parachute battalion. He was a Master Mason. Survivors include four
sons, Dennis, William, Edgar and Glenn, a stepson, Alfred, and a brother, Earl,
all of Largo; a sister, May Buchanan, Spruce Pine; and seven grandchildren. Webb
Funeral Home, Spruce Pine, N.C.

MINOR, WILLIAM R. SR., 76, of Largo, died Sunday (March 20, 2005) at Largo
Medical Center. He was born in Benedict, Md., and came here in 1994 from
Waldorf, Md. He worked as a clerk and was an avid golfer. Survivors include his
wife of 55 years, Barbara A.; a son, William R. Jr., Melbourne; two daughters,
Sharon Gilyeat and Marian Best, both of Waldorf; four sisters; seven
grandchildren; and three great-grandchildren. Abbey Affordable Cremation &
Funeral Services, Largo.

Indian Rocks Beach

SWAY, THEODORE M., 80, of Indian Rocks Beach, died Friday (March 18, 2005) at
home. Born in Cambridge, Ohio, he came here in 1973 from Solon, Ohio. He was a
founding partner and vice president of Finance Technology Research Corp. in
Clearwater. He was an Army veteran of World War II. He was a member of the
Feather Sound Rotary Club and the Morton Plant Foundation. He was Presbyterian.
Survivors include his wife of 25 years, Elizabeth; four sons, Gary Sway, Stow,
Ohio, Dan Leeper, St. Petersburg, Doug Leeper, Spring Hill, and Hugh Leeper, La
Mision, Mexico; two daughters, Linda Yoder, Largo, and Sue Raymonds, Treasure
Island; a brother, Eugene, Apache Junction, Ariz.; 10 grandchildren; and three
great-grandchildren. Moss-Feaster Funeral Homes and Cremation Services, Serenity
Gardens Chapel, Largo.

Seminole

CLEMENT, AMELIA D., 92, of Seminole, died Saturday (March 19, 2005) at her son's
home in Seminole under hospice care. She was born in Forestville, N.Y., and came
here 58 years ago from Colden, N.Y. She was a homemaker. She was a member of
First United Methodist Church of Largo. Survivors include two sons, David S.
Smith, Seminole, and Raymond Smith, Largo; and a brother, Norman E. Dix,
Forestville. Abbey Affordable Cremation and Funeral Services, Largo.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; LARGO TIMES; CITY & STATE

SERIES: OBITUARIES

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Theodore M. Sway

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                              111 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

US Patent granted to Progress Mfg. Inc. (Utah) on September 16, titled as "Sway
control hitch"

LENGTH: 210  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,833,789, on
September 16, 2014, to Progress Mfg. Inc. (Utah), titled as "Sway control hitch"

Inventors:  Anderson; Jed K. (Lindon, UT)
Assignee:  Progress Mfg. Inc. (Provo, UT)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
trailer hitch system for equalizing trailer loads and reducing trailer sway. The
trailer hitch system may include spring bars that may be attached to a hitch
head using a trunnion style connection. The spring bars may be attached to the
trailer using rigid brackets that reduce swinging of the spring bars. The rigid
brackets may include an upward extending portion for attaching to the trailer
tongue, and a lateral extending portion for receiving the spring bars thereupon.
The brackets may have a contact surface on the lateral extending portion that
may be free from a coating such that a metal on metal contact is made between
the spring bars and the brackets. Portions of the brackets beyond the contact
surface may be covered with a protective coating."

The patent was filed on August 23, 2007 Application no. 11/895,289

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                          September 26 1985, Thursday

Racing: Dunlop filly continues the revival

SECTION: Issue 62253.

LENGTH: 167 words


John Dunlop's Arundel stable is certainly finishing the season with a flourish
after being struck down with the virus throughout May and June. Dunlop sent
dollars 600,000 yearling Seattle Sway on the long trip from Sussex to land the
Burton Agnes Maiden Stakes (div one) at Beverley yesterday as the filly came
with a well-timed run to beat Pellincourt by a short head and pick up the modest
prize of pounds 686.

Anthony Couch, representing Dunlop said: 'That is our 31st winner this season.
Seattle Sway, who was badly hit by the virus, was not quite right on a recent
run at Haydock.


With two furlongs to go Pellincourt took command. It was only well inside the
final furlong that Tony Ives, top jockey at the course, edged Seattle Sway into
the lead.

Chevet Lady took a step down in company and provided Leeds businessman David
Gill and Duncan Gibbons with their first success as racehorse owners with a
clear cut three length victory from Poplar in the Leven Selling Nursery.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1985 Times Newspapers Limited


                              113 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                          September 29, 2005 Thursday

Co-founder of North Shore-based Big Sway Denim enlists Vince Vaughn for
hurricane relief

BYLINE: Jodi Cararas

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 195 words


Hugh Hayden, co-founder of North Shore-based Big Sway Denim, has enlisted family
and friends, including "Wedding Crashers" star Vince Vaughn, to help those
affected by Hurricane Katrina. Hayden's partner is Vaughn's sister, Victoria.

"It's only natural to help the great people of the New Orleans and Gulf Coast
areas. These people have no clothes and no homes ... nothing. It will take some
time for things to get back to normal but this area of the country is very
special and we will bounce back stronger than ever," Hayden said.

Hayden teamed with Vaughn and his "Wild West Comedy Show" to produce T-shirts
for the show, which will started a tour Sept. 12 to play 30 cities in 30 days.
Three shows will benefit Katrina victims.

Hayden is also donating about 1,000 pairs of jeans, valued at $200,000, salvaged
from Big Sway's damaged North Shore warehouse to the American Red Cross. The Red
Cross Louisiana Capital Area Chapter will distribute the jeans.

Big Sway Denim launched its denim line at the beginning of this year. Its
collection, known for Southern style and flair, has been worn by celebrities
such as Ashley Judd and Joey Lauren Adams.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Messenger-Inquirer

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                             March 14, 2006 Tuesday

Group hopes to sway city on park site: Commssioners to get FAQ packet on English
Park site

BYLINE: Ryan Garrett, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 865 words


Mar. 14--Don't write off English Park as a possible site for a proposed baseball
stadium just yet.

Bring Back Baseball, the group working to generate support for a minor league
baseball stadium, hopes the discussion will turn in favor of the English Park
site at a City Commission work session this weekend -- despite a commission vote
last month to keep the project out of any city park.

The City Commission voted 3-2 during a work session last month to keep the
stadium out of city parks, although some commissioners later said they thought
the vote only considered English Park.

Since then, the Bring Back Baseball committee has prepared a "frequently asked
questions" packet for the commission, which will discuss a list of proposed
capital projects Saturday.

Early last week, members of the committee, along with representatives of two law
firms and bankers and bond counselors from Indiana, Kentucky and Ohio, met with
city and county officials.

The bankers are willing to promote the project to potential investors, committee
member Jerry Morris said.

"You're really not giving up anything," Morris, also president and chief
executive officer of Southern Star Central Gas Pipeline, said. "That's something
to consider here from a public standpoint. ... If the project is a loser, the
bond market won't buy it, and it won't go."

The response from the city has Bring Back Baseball "cautiously optimistic" about
its prospects at English Park, committee member Rodney Berry said.

"We've kind of heard indirectly that they (city commissioners) are
reconsidering," Berry, also president of the Public Life Foundation of
Owensboro, said.

The ballpark would occupy little green space. It would be built on a parking lot
now used primarily for the city's annual Independence Day celebration, according
to the report. And the baseball committee has had preliminary discussions with
nearby businesses and organizations about using their parking spaces in the
evening.

The way Bring Back Baseball sees it, its members are willing to make an $8 to
$10 million investment with little to gain other than an improved quality of
life in Owensboro.

If the city would provide land and infrastructure, Bring Back Baseball would
turn the park over to the city when the debt is paid.

The committee settled on English Park after an extensive site analysis by Hunt
Construction Co. of Indianapolis. The site would provide a unique riverfront
backdrop for the ballpark, anchor the west end of the city's riverfront
development and complement the planned boat ramp on the park's lower level,
Berry said.

The ballpark would also revitalize the area with spin-off developments such as
restaurants, condominiums and office buildings, Berry said.

It would be the only outdoor concert venue of its size in the region.

But Bring Back Baseball may have a hard time convincing the City Commission to
change its tune.

Commissioner Ron Payne, the most vocal opponent inside city government, said he
would rather that the city focus on a downtown arena. While Bring Back Baseball
says the ballpark would enhance English Park, Payne disagrees. And he doesn't
think his fellow commissioners have changed their minds.

"It's just not something that I think we ought to use our park space for,
especially a park along the river," Payne said. "I have concerns about the
long-term success of that baseball program. I just don't see it."

Baseball committee member Zev Buffman has also pushed for a downtown arena. The
projects could be staggered, he said. While an arena is needed, it would take
longer to get off the ground, he said.

The baseball stadium, which would double as an amphitheater, doesn't pose any
financial risk to the city, could be constructed quicker and would be a venue
for outdoor summer activity, he said.

"The sport that people will get behind, that we can afford to have, is minor
league baseball," Buffman, also president and CEO of the RiverPark Center, said.

Although the committee is still directing its efforts toward English Park for
the time being, members have not ruled out other areas.

Judge-Executive Reid Haire has offered to work with Bring Back Baseball to build
a stadium outside the city. He has not made a specific proposal, Berry said.

The Frontier League plans to expand from 12 to 16 teams, and 17 communities have
expressed interest in landing one of those franchises, Berry said.

The ballpark could be the "third jewel in the riverfront crown," Morris said,
referring to the RiverPark Center at the east end and McConnell Plaza near the
middle of a walkway planned along the Ohio River.

"I don't know if Saturday is a watershed in the life of all this," Morris said.
"But we are getting to the point where some decisions are going to have to be
made."

Baseball Park

Bring Back Baseball hopes to build a park with this capacity:

-- For baseball -- 2,900 (fixed seating); 4,300 (with lawn space)

-- For concerts -- 9,000

-- For festivals -- 10,000

Copyright (c) 2006, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky. Distributed by Knight
Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on republishing this content,
contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213)
237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060314-OW-0314-Group-hopes-to-sway-city-on-park-site

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2006 Messenger-Inquirer


                              115 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

Brother Sway does more than just make people laugh

BYLINE: HEZI JIANG

LENGTH: 964  words


Cui Baoyin was quite successful by most standards -- working as an interpreter
for Boeing and Microsoft and later owning a company with 70 employees. But he
longed for something more.

Brother Sway poses for photos with other performers at the BTV Global New Year
Gala in Beijing on Jan 10. PROVIDED TO CHINA DAILY

Cui Baoyin was quite successful by most standards -- working as an interpreter
for Boeing and Microsoft and later owning a company with 70 employees. But he
longed for something more.

"I can't leave this world with nobody knowing how damn great I am," he said.

"I want to be China's Jay Leno," said Cui, now known as Brother Sway, a standup
comedian, or as he prefers to be called, a talk-show host.

"Comedians just make people laugh, but a talk-show host has a point to make," he
said.

"Sway" is Cui's English interpretation of his last name and also reflects his
life: Swaying between the US and China, he entertains the Chinese residents of
two countries with his bittersweet life stories.

"We came to America for dollars," he said. "We worked very hard so that one day
we could go back home like a rich man. But suddenly, China got stronger and
people got rich.

"When we go home, we are poor again," he said in Chinese to audience laughter.
"China, why couldn't you wait for a few years? Why did you grow so fast?"

The video, shot in the basement of his house six years ago, has been viewed more
than a million times online.

A native Beijinger, Brother Sway graduated from Beijing University and worked as
an interpreter in the Forbidden Palace. He left China for the United States in
1988, looking for a better life.

When he arrived in Seattle, Cui said he went "wherever money is". He worked as a
waiter in Chinese restaurants and as a movie stunt man. Like many early Chinese
immigrants, Cui said he "changed from a white collar in China to a blue collar
in America".

He attended law school at Seattle University. Though he didn't practice law upon
graduation, Cui said he learned a lot about the American justice system, and
more importantly, it improved his English and led him to work as a part-time
interpreter for some major companies in the area, including Boeing and
Microsoft.

Things began to look better after he sealed a contract to sell beer and snacks
at some major sports and entertainment events in Seattle. As the business grew,
he had 70 Americans working for him. "On a good day, I could sell $200,000," he
said. "That was a realization of my American Dream."

But a new problem cropped up.

"I considered myself to be pretty successful, but I was so frustrated that
nobody knew how successful I was," Cui said. "My natural instinct was: Let me
brag about it."

Appearing on a China Radio International talk show, the host pressed him on his
motivations. "Did you want to become a superstar?"

"No, I just wanted to brag," Cui replied.

He began doing standup comedy in a Seattle tavern that held weekly open mic
nights. Cui enjoyed talking to the Western audience about China, race and dirty
jokes, "especially the dirty jokes", he joked.

But after three years, he felt talking to Americans wasn't enough. "No Chinese
in my town knew what I was doing; that was not satisfactory," he said.

So in 2009, he put on a show in his basement, where Brother Sway was officially
launched.

To attract an audience, every weekend Cui's wife cooks a huge pot of zha jiang
mian, a traditional Beijing dish of noodles topped with pork sauce and cucumber
cut in julienne style.

"Everything is free. Everyone in the Chinese community knew that Brother Sway
served free noodles and told jokes that were quite funny," he said.

In 2010, a friend recorded Brother Sway performing his iconic show Don't Come to
America, in which he blames China for growing too fast and leaving him behind.

He chides Americans about their math education. In the video, a poster of
Chairman Mao and the Chinese and US flags are behind him.

As a Seattle resident for 28 years, Cui knows how locals order their coffee.

"I would like a triple venti, 2 percent, cinnamon dolce, extra-hot macchiato,"
he imitated in another viral video in which he created a rap set to Chinese
music, teaching Chinese how to order coffee.

"Excuse me, sir. Excuse me. I want to order a latte coffee. Don't put sugar and
don't put a lid. Here is five dollars and you can keep the tip."

Brother Sway's creative and satirical videos have earned him followers across
the globe.

He has performed in 11 cities in the United States and is preparing to tour
Australia and Europe. In China, he has bragged on the stages of several
broadcast stations, including the New Year Gala of Beijing Television.

Cui sold his business in Seattle and now focuses on cultivating a talk-show
career. Cui said he now is able to support his family with his performances.

"I love what I'm doing. This is my passion," said Brother Sway, a father of
three boys. He said that his sons are all pursuing their passions: The oldest is
now a pre-med student who loves doing research and volunteer work; the middle
son is running two YouTube channels; and the youngest is a bartender.

"Don't plan your life, because it never goes as you planned," Brother Sway tells
his sons and also his young audience. "I left China to pursue a better life, but
that's not what happened. My classmates from Beijing University, who have stayed
in China, have become billionaires. Friends that I met in the US and came back
in the early 2000s have become top executives in large companies.

"I'm nothing compared to them, but I have stories. I have been a waiter, a stunt
man. I've been hired by Americans, and I've hired Americans. I've been in jail,
and I've been on court. I can tell the stories that nobody else can."

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/4/145710462767.jpg

b8ac6f27ad271841d72e01.jpg

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

Brother Sway does more than just make people laugh

BYLINE: HEZI JIANG

LENGTH: 950  words


Cui Baoyin was quite successful by most standards -- working as an interpreter
for Boeing and Microsoft and later owning a company with 70 employees. But he
longed for something more.

Brother Sway poses for photos with other performers at the BTV Global New Year
Gala in Beijing on Jan 10. PROVIDED TO CHINA DAILY

Cui Baoyin was quite successful by most standards -- working as an interpreter
for Boeing and Microsoft and later owning a company with 70 employees. But he
longed for something more.

"I can't leave this world with nobody knowing how damn great I am," he said.

"I want to be China's Jay Leno," said Cui, now known as Brother Sway, a standup
comedian, or as he prefers to be called, a talk-show host.

"Comedians just make people laugh, but a talk-show host has a point to make," he
said.

"Sway" is Cui's English interpretation of his last name and also reflects his
life: Swaying between the US and China, he entertains the Chinese residents of
two countries with his bittersweet life stories.

"We came to America for dollars," he said. "We worked very hard so that one day
we could go back home like a rich man. But suddenly, China got stronger and
people got rich.

"When we go home, we are poor again," he said in Chinese to audience laughter.
"China, why couldn't you wait for a few years? Why did you grow so fast?"

The video, shot in the basement of his house six years ago, has been viewed more
than a million times online.

A native Beijinger, Brother Sway graduated from Beijing University and worked as
an interpreter in the Forbidden Palace. He left China for the United States in
1988, looking for a better life.

When he arrived in Seattle, Cui said he went "wherever money is". He worked as a
waiter in Chinese restaurants and as a movie stunt man. Like many early Chinese
immigrants, Cui said he "changed from a white collar in China to a blue collar
in America".

He attended law school at Seattle University. Though he didn't practice law upon
graduation, Cui said he learned a lot about the American justice system, and
more importantly, it improved his English and led him to work as a part-time
interpreter for some major companies in the area, including Boeing and
Microsoft.

Things began to look better after he sealed a contract to sell beer and snacks
at some major sports and entertainment events in Seattle. As the business grew,
he had 70 Americans working for him. "On a good day, I could sell $200,000," he
said. "That was a realization of my American Dream."

But a new problem cropped up.

"I considered myself to be pretty successful, but I was so frustrated that
nobody knew how successful I was," Cui said. "My natural instinct was: Let me
brag about it."

Appearing on a China Radio International talk show, the host pressed him on his
motivations. "Did you want to become a superstar?"

"No, I just wanted to brag," Cui replied.

He began doing standup comedy in a Seattle tavern that held weekly open mic
nights. Cui enjoyed talking to the Western audience about China, race and dirty
jokes, "especially the dirty jokes", he joked.

But after three years, he felt talking to Americans wasn't enough. "No Chinese
in my town knew what I was doing; that was not satisfactory," he said.

So in 2009, he put on a show in his basement, where Brother Sway was officially
launched.

To attract an audience, every weekend Cui's wife cooks a huge pot of zha jiang
mian, a traditional Beijing dish of noodles topped with pork sauce and cucumber
cut in julienne style.

"Everything is free. Everyone in the Chinese community knew that Brother Sway
served free noodles and told jokes that were quite funny," he said.

In 2010, a friend recorded Brother Sway performing his iconic show Don't Come to
America, in which he blames China for growing too fast and leaving him behind.

He chides Americans about their math education. In the video, a poster of
Chairman Mao and the Chinese and US flags are behind him.

As a Seattle resident for 28 years, Cui knows how locals order their coffee.

"I would like a triple venti, 2 percent, cinnamon dolce, extra-hot macchiato,"
he imitated in another viral video in which he created a rap set to Chinese
music, teaching Chinese how to order coffee.

"Excuse me, sir. Excuse me. I want to order a latte coffee. Don't put sugar and
don't put a lid. Here is five dollars and you can keep the tip."

Brother Sway's creative and satirical videos have earned him followers across
the globe.

He has performed in 11 cities in the United States and is preparing to tour
Australia and Europe. In China, he has bragged on the stages of several
broadcast stations, including the New Year Gala of Beijing Television.

Cui sold his business in Seattle and now focuses on cultivating a talk-show
career. Cui said he now is able to support his family with his performances.

"I love what I'm doing. This is my passion," said Brother Sway, a father of
three boys. He said that his sons are all pursuing their passions: The oldest is
now a pre-med student who loves doing research and volunteer work; the middle
son is running two YouTube channels; and the youngest is a bartender.

"Don't plan your life, because it never goes as you planned," Brother Sway tells
his sons and also his young audience. "I left China to pursue a better life, but
that's not what happened. My classmates from Beijing University, who have stayed
in China, have become billionaires. Friends that I met in the US and came back
in the early 2000s have become top executives in large companies.

"I'm nothing compared to them, but I have stories. I have been a waiter, a stunt
man. I've been hired by Americans, and I've hired Americans. I've been in jail,
and I've been on court. I can tell the stories that nobody else can."

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                            February 19, 2012 Sunday
                                 Final EDITION

'Sway' with Mates of State

SECTION: D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 405  words


This weekend, indie pop duo Mates of State will play a sold out show in New
Jersey and two Virginia shows before coming to Casbah in Durham on Wednesday and
heading right back North again. In other words, if you want to see a band that
makes you happy, now is the time.

Mates of State is the Connecticut-based, married duo of Kori Gardner and Jason
Hammel, who wrote all the songs on their recent CD, "Mountaintops." They both
sing, with she on keyboards and he on drums. Additional instruments are played
by John Panos, horns; Kenji Shinagawa, guitars; and Ryan Breen, guitar and
sounds.

The single "Palomino" was the first off "Mountaintops" to get a lot of
attention. Mates of State performed it on the "Late Show with David Letterman"
this past fall. The video is super cool, with hand painted animation. It's a
great song, and the first track, but track No. 3, "Sway," is the one that will
settle into your subconscious.

"Sway" is the song you listen to if you were filming a video of yourself jumping
on a trampoline, followed by a montage of happy and poignant summer moments. It
makes you want to run through a field, jump on that trampoline and off again,
then keep going, arms out wide, spinning on a hillside a la "The Sound of
Music."

All of "Mountaintops," released this past fall on Barsuk Records out of Seattle,
is pleasantly enjoyable. There's no song you skip over, just plenty to repeat.
You can lose yourself in the album, letting the music take you back into
memories, set adrift, until you are reminded in the song "Change" that "Change
is gonna come, you better welcome it. It'll set you free."

Listening to "Mountaintops" sets you free, like running through that mental
meadow during "Sway."

Mates of State haven't sung just for grownups. They sang "No One Likes to Be
Left Out" on an episode of the kids TV show "Yo Gabba Gabba." Gardner and Hammel
are parents themselves. Gardner writes the blog "Band on the diaper run" on the
modern parenting website Babble.com and linked on the band website,
www.matesofstate.com. They were shrunk to miniature versions of themselves for
the "Yo Gabba Gabba" song. Mates of State can pretty much adapt to any
performance environment, including a "Tiny Desk Concert" for NPR, which
included, wonderfully, "Sway."

If this is the first you've heard of Mates of State, they're definitely worth
checking out at Casbah on Wednesday night. You just might find your new favorite
band.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 4, 2015 Saturday

Group's complaint to SEC alleges PNM aimed to sway investors with deceit

BYLINE: Steve Terrell, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 717 words


July 04--An environmental group that opposes Public Service Company of New
Mexico's plan for the San Juan Generating Station filed a complaint Friday with
the federal Securities and Exchange Commission claiming PNM published a
misleading news release aimed at swaying investors.

Mariel Nanasi, president and executive director of New Energy Economy, which has
intervened in PNM's case before state regulators regarding its plans to close
part of the coal-fired San Juan Generating Station and replace the lost power
with more coal, natural gas and other sources, says in the group's complaint
that PNM was deceptive in a May 14 news release announcing the utility had
signed a coal-purchase agreement that would save ratepayers $300 million.

The utility saw a slight rise in its stock value for a few days following the
statement on the possible savings.

But the complaint contends if PNM had secured a coal contract with Westmoreland
Coal Co., about $250 million of the $300 million in savings would occur
regardless of whether PNM's power plan was approved by the state Public
Regulation Commission. "Therefore, the PNM news release is intentionally
misleading, crafted to sway public and [Public Regulation Commission]
sentiment," the complaint says.

"PNM's stock value had suffered because of uncertainties associated with its
plan for replacing the lost power," the complaint says. "So, PNM issued a
materially misleading investors press release. ... After the May 14th investors
press release, which contained the fraudulent statements, the price of its stock
immediately went up."

The utility's stock was $25.97 per share May 14 and did rise for a few days, to
a high of $27.23 per share May 20. But since that time, the stock has gone back
down. At the close of trading July 2, PNM's stock was valued at $25.22 a share.
In early January, the utility's stock was valued at $29.61 a share.

PNM, through a spokeswoman, stood by all its public statements.

The utility's plans for replacing generating capacity from the units to be shut
down also include using nuclear power from the Palo Verde plant in Arizona,
adding a plant fueled by natural gas, and adding some solar power. The Public
Regulation Commission is expected to act on the plan sometime after Aug. 1.

PNM is seeking to add 132 megawatts of power in 2018 from San Juan's Unit 4 to
make up for some of the power that will be lost when the utility shuts down two
of the units at the plant as planned in 2017. According to the complaint, this
would save PNM customers about $50 million between 2018 and 2021. That $50
million represents the only savings that hinge on the PRC's approval, New Energy
Economy's complaint says.

The complaint pointed out that the agreement between PNM and the Colorado-based
Westmoreland Coal Co. was not a binding coal contract. Conflating the "
'executed letter agreement' with a binding contract purposefully confused those
who read the news release," the complaint said.

PNM earlier this week submitted to the PRC a coal supply agreement with
Westmoreland, as well as a purchase and sale agreement between Westmoreland and
BHP Billiton for the San Juan Mine, which would supply coal to the San Juan
plant.

As New Energy Economy has from the beginning, in its complaint it challenges
PNM's contention that the utility's is the "lowest cost alternative" for energy.
The complaint also disputes whether PNM's plan was approved by the state
Environmental Improvement Board and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency,
saying the current replacement power plan was never before either of those
bodies.

In a statement issued in response to the SEC complaint, PNM said it "strongly
stands behind its disclosures and its statements to the public, our shareholders
and our regulators and intends to vigorously defend against the claims. Our
priority is to achieve best possible outcome for our customers, and this action
by New Energy Economy should not divert attention away from the fact that the
PNM plan is the best path forward."

Contact Steve Terrell at sterrell@sfnewmexican.com Read his political blog at
http://tinyurl.com/Roundhouseroundup.

___ (c)2015 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150704-SF-Group-s-complaint-to-SEC-alleges-PNM-aimed-to-sway
-investors-with-deceit-0704-20150704

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2015 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              119 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 October 19, 1989, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

FOOD FLIES, TOWERS SWAY - BUT HOT TUB IS OK

BYLINE: George Landau and Joan Little Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 1427 words


Survivors of Tuesday's earthquake in the San Francisco Bay Area told tales
Wednesday of flying furniture, dancing skyscrapers and tidal waves in swimming
pools.  Cathy Oster lives in a two-story house in the Santa Cruz Mountains about
10 miles from the quake's epicenter.  ''Every piece of stereo equipment is in a
pile on the floor. Every book is off the shelf. The refrigerator and deep freeze
opened up,'' she said in a telephone interview Wednesday as she prepared for
several days of cleanup.  ''All the food is on a pile on the floor, with sticky
stuff running through it all. The downstairs smells like a brewery,'' she said.
''The one good note is that our hot tub was undamaged, so we were able to relax
before we climbed into our sleeping bags on the front lawn last night,'' she
added.  Aftershocks left the family too afraid to sleep inside.  ''You never
know when another one is going to come,'' she said. ''It was worse than my worst
nightmare, except that no one here was hurt.'' TWA flight attendant Judith
Quigley of Chesterfield said she was walking past the swimming pool at a hotel
in San Jose when the quake hit.  ''It was like something was underneath the
pool, just pushing the water straight up into the air,'' Quigley said on her
return Wednesday afternoon to Lambert Field.  Others arriving on the same plane
from San Francisco had their own stories.  ''The strangest part is feeling
something moving under you, and you're not moving. It's an eerie, terrifying
feeling,'' said Deborah Julian, another TWA attendant from Chesterfield.  Julian
and another attendant, Irene Juchniewicz from Lake Saint Louis, were in a
restaurant in San Jose when the quake struck.  ''The buffet table went sliding
from side to side,'' said Julian. ''Part of the lobby ceiling crashed onto a
piano.'' The Missourians said they looked to the Californians for direction on
what to do, but found none.  ''What scared us was that even the California
people didn't know what to do,'' Juchniewicz said. ''The waiters had really
frightful looks on their faces. We kept asking, 'What should we do?' But no one
seemed to know.'' ''It was the scariest moment I've ever experienced,'' recalled
former St.  Louisan David Landis, public relations director at the CBS
television affiliate in San Francisco. Landis said he had been in his office
when the earthquake struck.  Landis said he stayed in the station's newsroom for
three hours.  ''The power failure made the streets look like dark, giant
caverns. When I reached my neighborhood, I discovered looting of mom-and-pop
grocery stores.'' Eddie Fritz, a musician who lives in Webster Groves, and his
wife Debbie, a nurse, were looking forward to their first visit to San Francisco
as they drove across the Bay Bridge about 4 p.m. Tuesday.  An hour later, as she
was resting in their motel room and he was walking along the street, the quake
hit.  ''It was like being down below on a ship on a very stormy night when
there's a lot of pitching back and forth,'' Eddie Fritz said. ''It's very
disorienting, a real errie feeling.'' The concrete sidewalk where he walked did
not crack but ''what I felt in my feet was like a bowl of bubbling oatmeal,'' he
said.  ''We got our luggage into the car and got back across the Golden Gate
Bridge before they closed it,'' he said. ''I think we were really lucky to get
out of there. We drove 35-40 minutes north before we came to a community that
had power.'' Jim Degener, an architect in San Francisco who formerly lived in
St. Louis, was on the 21st floor of a skyscraper that his firm had designed when
it happened.  ''I wasn't worried at all. I was worried for my home and my child
at day care, but I knew I was OK where I was.'' He later learned that his house
and child were safe, but during the quake he managed to glance out the window.
''We were watching all the other high rises swaying like tree trunks,'' he said.
''I would say the tops of some buildings probably went 12 or 15 feet from side
to side. They were all moving differently, which was neat. It was like a
dance.'' ''I had a feeling of helplessness, a total lack of control. I thought I
was going to die.'' Such were the immediate thoughts of former St. Louisan Abby
Cohn when Tuesday's earthquake hit the Bay area. At the time, Cohn was in the
Oakland office of the San Jose Mercury News, the newspaper where she works as a
reporter. She used to work for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.  She said the office
building ''was moving like crazy'' during the 15 seconds that the quake was
under way.  Afraid to drive her car out of a parking garage, Cohn took the bus
to pick up her daughters from their babysitters.  While on the bus, Cohn saw
block after block of damaged buildings.  ''It really had the feeling of a major
catastrophe.'' But for the most part, the bus passengers remained quiet. She
said the driver ''was just calmly driving through the streets, picking up people
and collecting fares.'' The earthquake toll at the home of Jay D. ''Skip''
Straus Jr. in San Jose, 15 miles from the epicenter: One dead goldfish and one
survivor.  To be sure, the dog was upset, and Straus' wife, Ilena, was shaken.
She had been in Bucharest, Romania, in 1977 when an earthquake measuring 7.5 on
the Richter scale killed at least 1,400 people.  But for Straus, who grew up in
Clayton and attended Country Day School and Washington University, the quake did
little damage to either his home or his psyche.  When Straus got home, he
discovered that about three gallons of water had sloshed out of an aquarium and
a goldfish bowl had fallen off the shelf.  Only one goldfish survived
''miraculously'' in about a cup of water remaining in the bowl.  Jerry Berger of
the Post-Dispatch staff contributed information for this story.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; LOGO - THE CALIFORNIA EARTHQUAKE Photo by Jerry Naunheim
Jr./Post-Dispatch TWA Flight attendant Judith Quigley of Chesterfield describing
how water in a San Jose hotel swimming pool shot straight up during Tuesday's
earthquake.

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              120 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            July 19, 2006, Wednesday

Nation & world

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3A

LENGTH: 648 words


Rockslide kills worker

at Ky. surface mine

HINDMAN, Ky. - A miner was killed when the hillside along a surface mine
collapsed on him as he operated a drill, a state official said.

The body was recovered Tuesday from the Smith Branch No. 1 mine, owned by
Hendrickson Equipment Inc., in southeast Kentucky, said Chuck Wolfe, spokesman
for the Office of Mine Safety and Licensing.

The U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration has cited the mine 10 times, most
recently in June for equipment violations and allowing loose, hazardous material
to accumulate atop pits and hillsides.

The death was the 13th mining fatality in Kentucky and 35th in the U.S. this
year.

Earthquake sways tall buildings in Indonesia

JAKARTA, Indonesia - A strong earthquake caused tall buildings to sway in the
Indonesian capital today, witnesses said.

The quake had a preliminary magnitude of 6.1 and was centered 24 miles beneath
the Sunda straits, said Budi Waluyo, an official at Indonesia's meteorological
office said.

It struck 120 miles southwest of Jakarta, he said.

A tsunami triggered by a magnitude 7.7 earthquake slammed into Indonesia's Java
island on Monday, killing more than 530 people. Aftershocks have continued to
rattle the region.

Judge rules Mo. inmates

have access to abortions

ST. LOUIS - The state must allow pregnant inmates to have abortions and
transport them to facilities that perform the procedure, a federal judge ruled.

Tuesday's ruling by U.S. District Judge Dean Whipple applies to all female
prisoners in Missouri. In October, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled the state had to
allow a specific inmate, listed as Jane Roe, to have an abortion.

The American Civil Liberties Union then sought a federal ruling making the high
court's decision a class-action on behalf of all imprisoned pregnant women in
the state.

Teenage girl on hike

in canyon found dead

MOAB, Utah - A 16-year-old Massachusetts girl hiking with other teenagers near
Canyonlands National Park in 110-degree heat was found dead in a side canyon,
officials said.

The girl, whose name was not released, was participating in a three-week-long
Outward Bound program when she died Sunday. Representatives of Outward Bound
said she was from the Boston area.

As five people were nearing the Colorado River, she had lagged behind to wait
for another hiker, the San Juan County sheriff's office said Tuesday. The other
hiker reached the group, but the Massachusetts girl did not show up. After about
five hours, she was found up a small side canyon, about a quarter-mile from the
park's boundary, the sheriff's office said.

After six years, Bush

to address NAACP

WASHINGTON - After six years in office, President Bush has agreed to address the
NAACP at its annual national convention in Washington, the White House
announced.

White House spokesman Tony Snow said Tuesday the president will appear today
before the nation's oldest and largest civil rights group after years of trading
rhetorical jabs with its leadership.

With the appearance, Bush will avoid becoming the first president since Warren
Harding to snub the predominantly black organization throughout his terms.

COMPILED FROM WIRE REPORTS

State Farm raising rates

in Fla. by more than half

TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - State Farm, one of Florida's largest insurers, will raise
property insurance rates by an average of 52.7 percent this year under a plan
approved by state regulators.

The company said that the higher premiums will allow it to keep doing business
in Florida despite predictions for more hurricanes.

State Farm said that spiraling costs for its own insurance against high claims
is driving the increase, following two devastating hurricane seasons and
forecasts for more of the same.

COMPILED FROM WIRE REPORTS

The state's top insurance regulator said he knew it would be hard for customers,
but noted the increase was much smaller than State Farm initially sought.

COMPILED FROM WIRE REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers


                              121 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                               May 9, 2004 Sunday

Road trip!

BYLINE: DORMAN T. SHINDLER

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 4P

LENGTH: 441 words


CARAMBA!

By Nina Marie Martinez

Knopf, $24.95, 366 pp

Reviewed by DORMAN T. SHINDLER

Take one part Gabriel Garcia Marquez, one part John Irving and one part Tom
Robbins, cram into a blender, set it all on puree, and the resultant mixture
might turn out to be a book approximating what debut novelist Nina Marie
Martinez has created with Caramba! This first novel is a wild, wonderful,
comedic tale of female empowerment and road trips in which nearly everyone takes
it on the lam at some point.

Natalie and Consuelo ("Nat & Sway") have been fairly content with their life in
Lava Landing, Calif., which is perched near a sleeping volcano. After working
all day at the Big Cheese Plant the two girls let off steam at the Big
Give-Four, the town's juke joint. And there's always the yearly distraction of
crowning Miss Magma (never mind that April May, the homeliest girl in town,
always gets the tiara because of her red hair).

But these small-town girls have big dreams as well. Nat and Sway have been
planning a road trip in order to break in Natalie's 1963 Cadillac convertible.
Their one obstacle is Sway's fear of public transportation and long car rides.
Fate steps in to give the girls a push when Don Pancho - Sway's father - keels
over in Mexico. Because of his womanizing and nightly carousing across the
border in Mexico, Don Pancho is "promptly relegated to Purgatory where he was
forced to learn English by the low-ranking Saints and Angels Who ran the place."

Faced with a mission - the need to save Don Pancho from Purgatory - the girls
cure Sway of her fears and head off to Mexico. Along the scenic route Nat and
Sway rub shoulders with Javier Solis (garbage man by day, Christian Mariachi by
night), Javier's mother, Lulabell (who renounced Christianity to become a witch)
and Tru-Dee (a transsexual hairdresser who yearns for romance and a man who can
appreciate all of her qualities).

Martinez writes like a veteran novelist: confident of her characters, certain of
her direction, watching over all with the omniscient voice of a born
storyteller. Her playfulness with language (mixing Spanish and English words and
punctuation) betokens a joy of her craft found only in the best sort of writers.
Martinez never "writes down" to any of her characters; all are treated with
equal love and authorial respect.

Caramba! is like a literary burrito: each new layer reveals a tasty surprise. It
wouldn't be hyperbole to state that Caramba! may be the most entertaining,
hilarious and thoroughly enjoyable reading experience many folks will have this
year.

Dorman T. Shindler is a freelancer from Missouri.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: BOOKS

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              122 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            November 9, 2014 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Report: Man claimed he'd sway Goodman jury;
Report: Man wanted at least $500,000 to sway Goodman retrial jury;
Convicted felon sought $500,000 upfront, police say.

BYLINE:  By Julius Whigham II   Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 367 words


For an advance payment of $500,000, a Vermont man offered to sway the jury in
John Goodman's DUI manslaughter retrial last month, authorities said in
documents made public Friday.

If James Perron's actions resulted in an acquittal, the payment would increase
to $1 million, according to a federal criminal complaint.

The 48-year-old Tinmouth, Vt., man was arrested Oct. 26 in a sting operation at
an Albany, N.Y., hotel.

Goodman was convicted two days later by a Tampa-based jury for the 2010
Wellington crash that killed Scott Patrick Wilson, 23.

Goodman was convicted by a local jury in 2012, but that verdict was overturned
due to juror misconduct.

Perron, a felon who spent 15 years in New York prison for choking a woman in
1988, faces a federal wire fraud charges after his recent arrest.

According to the complaint, he sent a text message Oct. 23 to Goodman defense
witness Kris Kampsen offering to help Goodman in exchange for money.

"I have a message from a family member that could help your friend. I don't need
to explain," Perron wrote in a text message, authorities said.

Kampsen, who did not recognize the sender, spoke to a private investigator, who
helped him formulate a series of responses intended to identify the person.

Kampsen then turned his cellphone over to Palm Beach County sheriff's deputies,
who continued to communicate with Perron while pretending to be Kampsen, the
complaint said.

Perron reportedly told Kampsen that his relative could at the least guarantee a
hung jury.

"I can tell you that my relitive (sic) has indicated that it is possible to
persuade others and the fact is if not the jury will be hung," Perron wrote,
according to the authorities.

Individuals who spoke on the condition they not be named told the Post that in
October that Perron is an "opportunist" with no apparent ties to the jury, which
was selected in Tampa and brought to West Palm Beach for the trial.

Prior to his recent arrest, he was facing charges of stealing $50,000 from an
elderly couple while working as a contractor, according to published re- ports.

Perron waived an extradition hearing and he is scheduled to appear in court
Albany, N.Y., on Wednesday.

jwhigham@pbpost.com Twitter: @JuliusWhigham

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   February 13, 1988, Saturday, City Edition

Spreading Valentine cheer // Principal plays 'Cupid' for volunteers, staff

BYLINE: AMELIA DAVIS

SECTION: NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 380 words

DATELINE: LARGO



LARGO - "Yoo hoo, Mrs. Sway  It's Cupid here to brighten your    day."

     With that, Ridgecrest Elementary School Principal John Lash,    wearing
pink tights and white wings made of net and sequins, bounced    into the lobby
of the Southeast Bank branch on Indian Rocks Road and    onto the lap of manager
Elizabeth Sway.

     "We're going to present you with something special for all you do    for
us," Lash told her.

     With that he presented her with a hug and a potted plant.

     Customers and tellers smiled.

     "I'm flabbergasted," was all Mrs. Sway could say.

     Lash, dressed as Cupid, spent the morning visiting his school    volunteers
wherever he could find them: at work, at home, at the school    on 119th Street
N.        After all, he said, it was almost Valentine's Day - a good time to
remember those who are good to you all year long.

     And Mrs. Sway is good to Ridgecrest.

     There is always "gallery space" for Ridgecrest art work on the    bank's
walls. And when prizes are called for to honor good work, the    bank - through
Mrs. Sway - always comes through, Lash said.

     Other volunteers come through in different ways.

     Lash didn't have to go far to find Ridgecrest mother Bonnie    Arrowood.
She was at school to count and sort Campbell's soup labels,    which the
children collect to exchange for playground items.  X     Mrs. Arrowood said she
volunteers "three or four hours each day. I    love it. I'd go stir crazy at
home."

     Volunteer Joan Shook, who was also at Ridgecrest on Friday morning,    said
she was not surprised to see Lash dressed as Cupid.

     "He loves to dress up," she said. In the past the diminutive
administrator has dressed up as Little Bird, the nephew of Sesame    Street's
Big Bird. "On Halloween he was a devil," Ms. Shook said. "I    think it takes a
lot of nerve."

     Teacher Patty Williams said that "Cupid" had treats in store for    the
faculty also.

     "Today is payday," Ms. Williams said. "He'll come around today    dressed
as Cupid and deliver our paychecks."



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT; LARGO-SEMINOLE
TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Jose Font; Ridgecrest Elementary School Principal John
Lash, dressed as Cupid, gives a flower to volunteer Karen Leggett

                            Times Publishing Company


                              124 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            August 21, 2012 Tuesday
                                  WEB Edition

Drag-racer's widow sues Atco raceway, seeks $50M

BYLINE: By Dana DiFilippo; Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: WEB; P-com Breaking News; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 368 words


The widow of a drag-racer who died after crashing into a wall at South Jersey's
Atco Speedway in 2010 is suing the raceway, claiming negligence.

Jose Cruz went to Atco on Sept. 15, 2010, to participate in a day of
drag-racing, according to the lawsuit filed last Wednesday in federal court in
Camden by his widow Evelyn Cruz of Brooklyn.

During one run on the track, he crashed his car into a wall, and the car caught
fire with him inside, according to the lawsuit, which the Courthouse News
Service reported Tuesday.

While an ambulance was on-site with a crew capable of dousing fires, the vehicle
wouldn't start when Cruz crashed, forcing Cruz's son, the Atco owner and other
Atco staffers to run to Cruz to help put out the flames, according to the
lawsuit.

Cruz suffered second- and third-degree burns, according to the lawsuit. He died
about a year after the crash.

"Atco charged patrons a fee and held itself out as a safe environment for
experienced drag car racers to engage in a highly dangerous activity," attorney
Jennie Shatynsky wrote in the lawsuit.

Evelyn Cruz seeks $50 million in compensatory and punitive damages from Atco and
the National Hot Rod Association, the California-based group that promotes
amateur and professional drag racing in the United States and sanctions Atco
races.

Shatynsky couldn't immediately be reached for comment.

Joe Sway Sr., Atco's owner, denied the lawsuit claims.

"The ambulance was on scene; it has to be when we're racing. The ambulance was
functional. And we have a fire-suppression system on a pickup truck, which was
operational and did respond," Sway said.

Besides, "the driver was out of the car by the time the first responder got to
him," Sway added.

The 52-year-old speedway, located in the southern Camden County burg of Atco,
claims to be the busiest legal drag strip in the country, its popularity due in
part to crackdowns on illegal drag-racing in Philadelphia and Atlantic City.
Anyone can race, so long as they pay the fee, wear a helmet, have a driver's
license and drive a street-legal vehicle.

Contact Dana DiFilippo at difilid@phillynews.com or 215-854-5934. Follow her on
Twitter @DanaDiFilippo. Read her blog at phillyconfidential.com.


LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             May 19, 2011 Thursday

Preakness notebook: Speed won't be king at Pimlico

BYLINE: By Paul Daley, Sun Racing Writer

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 444 words


For those who believe that Pimlico Racecourse is a tight-turned, speed favoring
track, please lose that thought. Handicap the Preakness Stakes just as you would
the Kentucky Derby, minus six horses and the incumbent traffic problems.

Mike Watchmaker, top handicapper and linemaker for the Daily Racing Form, as
well as a Massachusetts native, reiterates the belief I've held for many years,
with statistics. He points out that only two of the last 15 Preakness winners,
Rachel Alexandra (2009) and Louis Quatorze (1996), were wire-to-wire winners.
While five of the last 15 Preakness winners were running close up early, seven
recent Preakness winners were running sixth or farther back at either or both of
the first two points of call. In other words, may the best horse win.

* If Kentucky Derby winner Animal Kingdom is defeated on Saturday, the winner
may come from the Arkansas Derby, contested on April 16 at Oaklawn Park. This
now appears as a key race, with fifth-place finisher Alternation returning to
win the Peter Pan Stakes, a prep race for the Belmont Stakes, last Saturday at
Belmont Park. Nehro, second in both the Arkansas Derby and the Kentucky Derby,
will be geared up for the Belmont on June 11. However, Dance City (3rd) and Sway
Away (4th) will contest Saturday's Preakness.

* Sway Away's trainer, Jeff Bonde, was miffed when his colt was excluded from
the Derby as the 21st entrant, even though Uncle Mo was scratched before the
race and only 19 started. Sway Away's sire, Afleet Alex, won both the Preakness
and the Belmont in 2005.

* Dance City, whose broodmare sire Pleasant Colony won the Preakness in 1981,
has plenty of stamina on the female side of the family and is rapidly improving.
He could be a real sleeper on Saturday. Todd Pletcher, his trainer, is 0-5 in
the Preakness.

* Animal Kingdom, who has thrived since the Derby, will have a short commute
from his Fair Hill training center to the Pimlico track in Baltimore. He will
ship in on Friday or early Saturday morning. The trip will be like going from
Lowell to Suffolk Downs. And yes, there is something to be said about sleeping
in your own bed, away from the hubbub at the track.

* For those who are interested, Versus will carry the Black-Eyed Susan Stakes,
for the filly counterparts, tomorrow from 4-5 p.m. Simulcast outlets will accept
wagers on a special daily double coupling the Black-Eyed Susan with Saturday's
Preakness. As for Preakness coverage, Versus will telecast Live At Pimlico from
2:30-4:30 p.m., switch over to NBC from 4:30-6:30 for the Preakness, then return
to Versus for the wrap-up show from 6:30-7 p.m.

Paul Daley's email address is pjdaleys@verizon.net

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                              March 2, 2014 Sunday

'We are all queer'

BYLINE: Aimee Heckel Camera Staff Writer

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 564 words


More info


On the web:   queerography.org



 Pick up a copy:   "Queerography: Intimate Expressions of Queer Culture," by
Boulder resident Sway, is a photo collection of queer people in Tokyo, Hong Kong
and Bangkok; $30 at queerography.org and amazon.com, or at the Boulder Book
Store, 1107 Pearl St., Boulder.







 Sway found beauty on the streets of Tokyo. Behind closed doors in kinky sex
hotels. Backstage at sensual shows, in the sparkling sequins and eye shadow at
drag clubs, at colorful pride parades, and gay nightclubs across Hong Kong and
Bangkok.



 The Boulder woman caught intimate slivers of those scenes on her camera    a
glimpse into a world typically far removed from mainstream bookstores. And she
put it together in an edgy photo book called "Queerography: Intimate Expressions
of Queer Culture."



 Sway   that's short for Sarah Way   identifies herself as a queer femme
photographer, self-taught and collaborative. She says she works closely
alongside her subjects to help them express a piece of their authentic identity,
not fit a vision in her own mind. The goal: photos that expose the subject's
vulnerability, thereby granting viewers the freedom to explore their own
uniqueness, too.



 To Sway, someone is beautiful when he or she is honorable and real.



 "It runs very deeply within a person's soul," she says. "When who they are on
the inside shines through on the outside, that's what makes them so beautiful."



 And members of the queer community, especially in traditional Eastern countries
deeply rooted in family honor and tradition, have long missed a platform to
present their own inner expressions of authenticity, Sway says.



 She hopes her photos can be that stage.



 This unconventional career path, capturing unconventional subjects, started
about a decade ago on a backpacking tour through Europe.



 "It was the one form that allowed me to express myself, my calling," she says.
"When I came back, I started photographing everything I knew and everything
around me, which happened to be guys dressed up as women, girls making out with
other girls    you photograph what you know, and I didn't realize I lived in
this unique bubble where your gender and sexuality was never questioned."



 Next month, Sway will set off on a book tour, starting in Arizona, where she
grew up, and returning to Boulder late April, when she plans on conducting a
talk, gallery show and book signing, as well as organizing queer performances by
local artists.



 On tour, she's keeping her eyes    and camera lens    open for her next photo
collection: images of female sexual empowerment. She expects Boulder women to
hold an important space in that book.



 "The more I traveled and reached out to like-minded people, I found people who
reminded me of my friends, regardless of our global boundaries and cultural
differences," she says. "We are all one giant global community with the same
challenges, heartaches, goals and dreams. That's all of humanity, really."



 Sway hopes the images connect with readers, regardless of their sexual identity
and beyond politics, tapping into concepts of freedom, exploration and
everyone's unique spirit.



 "We are all unique in our own way," Sway says. "We are all queer."



 Contact Camera Staff Writer Aimee Heckel at 303-473-1359,
heckela@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/AimeeMay.

An image from "Queerography," a new photo book by Boulder photographer Sway.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An image from "Queerography," a new photo book by Boulder photographer
Sway. Sway, a photographer from Boulder, has compiled shots of people in the
queer community, such as this one, for her photo book, "Queerography."
"Queerography," a book by Boulder-based Sway, contains photos such as this.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday

Loyalty sways Logan to pick UTEP

BYLINE: Jake Martin, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 301 words


Jan. 06--NATCHEZ -- Loyalty goes a long way for Sky Logan.

Because of this, Logan had no doubt he would sign to play football with the
University of Texas at El Paso, despite multiple offers from various schools.

Logan, who played for David King and Josh Loy at Trinity Episcopal Day School
before graduating in 2013 and playing at Hinds Community College, had several
offers from schools such as Boise State, University of Louisiana-Lafayette,
Purdue and Cincinnati. However, Logan's promising sophomore season was derailed
after he broke his leg against Northeast Community College in the second game of
the 2014 season. Following the injury, the offers vanished.

"It was a freak play," Logan said. "I was pass rushing, and we ran a twist on
the line. I came free, so the defensive end was coming inside, and I jumped
while he got cut blocked. He rolled toward me and landed on my leg, breaking
it."

One FBS school stuck it out with Logan, though, and because UTEP remained loyal
to him, Logan remained loyal to the university, by signing to play football for
the Miners. Because of what's transpired, Logan will be bringing a lot of
attitude with him to Texas.

"I definitely have a chip on my shoulder now," Logan said. "I get to play teams
close to home like Louisiana Tech and Southern Miss. I'm fired up. I'm so ready
to play."

Before the injury, Logan received playing time as a reserve on the defensive
line in 2013, collecting 34 tackles, 1.5 sacks and two interceptions.

Currently, Logan is still rehabbing his leg, doing jumps and jogging to
strengthen his leg.

"I just can't wait to join the team and get ready for next season," Logan said.

___ (c)2015 The Natchez Democrat (Natchez, Miss.) Visit The Natchez Democrat
(Natchez, Miss.) at www.natchezdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150106-YY-Loyalty-sways-Logan-to-pick-UTEP-0106-20150106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                      Copyright 2015 The Natchez Democrat


                              128 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 8, 2014 Saturday

Discussion with Meyer sways Miller

BYLINE: David Briggs, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 704 words


Feb. 08--COLUMBUS -- Ohio State spanned 12 states to nab another one of the
nation's highest-ranked recruiting classes this week.

But coach Urban Meyer's best -- and most important -- recent sales pitch came
right on campus.

It was to Braxton Miller, the two-time Big Ten MVP who chose to bypass the NFL
draft for a final season at OSU.

"I told him my opinion that he could become a very high draft pick if he
continues to improve, and he said, 'That's what I thought,'" Meyer said,
recalling their conversation after the Buckeyes' loss in the Orange Bowl. "Never
at one time did he say, 'What should I do?' because I wouldn't tell him. That's
his [family's] business. But I gave my opinion as far as how much more he could
grow as a quarterback."

Speaking for the first time since the decision, Meyer admitted he worried Miller
would feel the pull of the NFL. Running backs coach Stan Drayton went so far as
to call the possibility "devastating." An early exit by Miller would have meant
an early crash course for one of the Buckeyes' three remaining scholarship
quarterbacks -- sophomore Cardale Jones, redshirt freshman J.T. Barrett, and
incoming freshman Stephen Collier.

In the end, though, the worry may have been for naught. While Miller dropped
hints he wanted to make the jump, he was projected as a mid-round selection in
need of significant polish as a passer.

"I knew the advice that he was being given from all the different sources were
pointing to him coming back for his senior year," offensive coordinator Tom
Herman said. "I don't know that I ever swallowed the fact that it was a real
possibility."

He added: "If in our heart we thought it was in his best interest to declare
early, we would have

told him and supported him. We gave him our honest opinion, and we said we felt
it was important for him to come back."

HERMAN'S ODYSSEY: When Herman visited four-star offensive lineman Demetrius Knox
in Fort Worth last week, he admittedly had the guilt card ready to play if
necessary.

As in, "Do you realize what I've been through to see you?"

While driving to the airport in Atlanta to catch a flight to Texas, Herman
became one of the thousands trapped in the city's post-apocalyptic,
post-two-inches-of-snow highway gridlock. He spent 19 hours stuck in his car,
then, finally, abandoned the rental for the final leg of the journey.

As he chronicled on Twitter at the time, "I call National Rental. Tell them I'm
leavin the car and start walking the 4 miles to the airport with my luggage.
Fall at least five times in first 2 miles."

"What started off as, hey I'm going to have fun with it, I might as well, turned
pretty scary when you hit the 15 and 16-hour mark," Herman said this week. "You
see ladies strolling their babies down the middle of a five-lane interstate
because they've got to get them out of their cars and they don't have anywhere
to go and there's two inches of ice on the road.

"I didn't have any food or drink, not even a sip of water, from Tuesday at 9
a.m. to Wednesday at 7 a.m. So by the time I got out and decided to walk, I
don't know if I had all my bearings."

In a chance twist, he eventually ran into a Delta employee at a gas station, and
the man -- refusing to take Herman's $100 offering -- shuttled him the rest of
the way.

Meyer's advice?

"I called him up and said, 'Get a Gatorade and one of those protein bars and get
to work; we have to go close Demetrius Knox,'" he said with a laugh. "And that's
what he did."

Knox signed with the Buckeyes on Wednesday.

EXTRA POINTS: Meyer said sophomore Taylor Decker -- the Buckeyes' lone returning
starter on the offensive line -- will shift from right to left tackle this fall.
Expect sophomore Jacoby Boren to step in at center, redshirt freshman Pat
Elflein to man one of the guard spots, and an open battle for the other two
vacancies. ... Meyer confirmed senior safety Christian Bryant's final appeal to
the NCAA for another year of eligibility has been denied. Bryant suffered a
season-ending broken ankle in last season's Big Ten opener against Wisconsin.

Contact David Briggs at: , 419-724-6084 or on Twitter .

___ (c)2014 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140208-TO-Discussion-with-Meyer-sways-Miller-0208-20140208

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2014 The Blade


                              129 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 7, 2014 Friday

Poll: Conservation sways New Mexico voters

BYLINE: The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 284 words


March 07--Voters in New Mexico don't want public lands sold to reduce the
federal budget deficit and are more likely to support candidates who protect
public lands, according to a recent survey conducted by bipartisan pollsters for
Colorado College.

The 2014 Conservation in the West poll was conducted in January of 2,400 voters
in six Western states. A total of 400 voters were polled in New Mexico. The
statewide margin of error for the survey is plus or minus 4.9 percent, according
to the pollsters.

About 78 percent of the New Mexican voters polled said they disagree with
selling public lands to pay down the deficit, and 68 percent say they are more
likely to support a congressional candidate who protects public lands. Another
82 percent said funding shouldn't be cut for public lands. A majority of those
polled also were less likely to vote for a candidate who wants to shrink funding
for public lands management.

Similar results occurred in the other states. "The West is a major political
battlefield this year, and the poll tells us congressional candidates would be
wise to consider their position on conservation and land use issues carefully,"
Walt Hecox, Colorado College economist and State of the Rockies Project faculty
director, said in a statement.

The survey was conducted by Republican pollster Lori Weigel of Public Opinion
Strategies and Democratic pollster Dave Metz of Fairbank, Maslin, Maullin, Metz
& Associates.

Visit www.coloradocollege.edu/stateoftherockies/conservationinthewest to read
the full report.

___ (c)2014 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140307-SF-Poll-Conservation-sways-New-Mexico-voters-0307-20140307

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2014 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              130 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                              June 8, 2007, Friday

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 936 words


No one's religion should sway the '08 race

Regarding the June 6 article, "Can the religious left sway the '08 race?": The
Rev. Barry Lynn, executive director of Americans United for Separation of Church
and State, was absolutely right when he said, "We already have too much
religious rhetoric in what should be a secular-oriented campaign." And, for that
matter, there is far too much influence peddling in Washington's political
circles by Christian fundamentalists and others who seem as if they would just
as soon mandate a one-religion nation, as did the extremists of Iran.

America's Founding Fathers made every effort to see that this was a nation that
offered its citizens freedom of religion - freedom to choose whatever religion
they wanted or none. Candidates should neither be asked questions about their
religion nor should they respond if they are.

Andrea Wright

San Antonio

Offer the exonerated jobs, not money

Regarding the May 30 article, "What do states owe the exonerated?": If states
have to pay crippling restitution to the wrongfully accused, they will fight
harder not to admit mistakes. Add to this the consideration that even if the
exonerated gets monetary compensation, he will only receive a portion of his
very well-deserved reward.

So I hope someone considers nonÂ-monetary restitution. The state can do a lot.
It can exonerate the wrongfully imprisoned. It can give first consideration to
them for public jobs. Possibly, it can provide free training at state colleges,
trade academies, and the like to go with a job offer.

John Spooner

Los Angeles

When 'ecoterrorism' is a fitting term

The May 18 article, " 'Ecoterrorism' case stirs debate in US," quoted Oren Segal
about a firebomb left "at the home of a UCLA primate researcher." According to
the Seattle Times, the device was actually left (accidentally) at a neighbor's
house. The Seattle Times article noted that the FBI said that if it had ignited,
the device was powerful enough to have killed the occupants of the house where
it was left. It said, too, that another UCLA primate researcher decided "to stop
his primate research after several years of harassment and threats to his
family."

These are just two of many examples of intimidation by extremist environmental
groups. If threatening physical harm to the neighbors and family members of
researchers is not terrorism, I don't know what is. While discussing whether
crimes against property by "ecoterrorists" should be considered true terrorism,
we should not lose sight of the fact that not all of these radicals are so
careful in their activism. At least some animal rights and environmental
radicals are, indeed, terrorists, and they should be treated as such.

V. Wensley Koch

Loveland, Colo.

US needs Romney's leadership skills

Regarding the June 1 article, "Thompson in '08? His entry would shuffle GOP
race": Fred Thompson is a good man with a conservative record. Beyond the fact
that he's apparently a good Christian, however, I have to wonder what unique
skills he brings to the table. He had a pretty average Senate career, it seems.
I have to say that after reading Hugh Hewitt's book on former Massachusetts
Governor Mitt Romney, I'm convinced that Mr. Romney is the right man for the
job. Anyone rejecting him because of his Mormon faith is doing liberals' work
for them. Romney brings a level of leadership this country desperately needs.
All candidates talk big. None can match Romney's execution at turning chaos into
order.

Paul Dale

Gilbert, Ariz.

An eyewitness to the Six-Day War

Regarding the June 5 article, "Forty years later, two views from the West Bank's
Road 60": On June 5, 1967, the day the Six-Day War began, I was living in Cairo,
with my husband and two very young daughters. From where we lived I could see,
on the opposite side of Cairo, the bombing of the military airport. The civilian
airport was close to the military airport and was, therefore, closed - no
incoming or outgoing flights. All telephone communications were suspended so I
could not telephone family in England to let them know that the girls and I were
safe.

At the end of the six days, English and US nationals were not looked upon too
kindly as the powers that be felt that their problems were caused by Britain and
the US. There were riots on the streets of Cairo protesting the involvement of
Britain and the US.

The family felt it prudent that I not show my face in town, even to buy
groceries. So I was taken out of town with our daughters to the family farm in
Beni Suef, south of Cairo, where we stayed with my husband's grandparents until
the family felt it was safe for the girls and me to return home to Cairo.
Whether or not the family overreacted to a political situation did not matter;
they wanted the girls and me to be safe.

While watching a public-television documentary recently about the buildup to
those six days of war, I recognized many places where I had lived or visited.
All were places where I felt safe. I was involved in, and watched in person, a
historic time in the Middle East.

Janet L. Zimmer

Sheboygan, Wis.

The Monitor welcomes your letters and opinion articles. Because of the volume of
mail we receive, we can neither acknowledge nor return unpublished submissions.
All submissions are subject to editing. Letters must be signed and include your
mailing address and telephone number. Any letter accepted may appear in print or
on our website, www.csmonitor.com.

Mail letters to Readers Write and opinion articles to Opinion Page, One Norway
St., Boston, MA 02115, or fax to (617) 450-2317, or e-mail to Op-Ed.

(c) Copyright 2007. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2014 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               December 24, 2014

                                 Multibrid GmbH

                                Am Lunedeich 156
                               Bremerhaven 27572
                                    Germany

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


AREVA Commissions Offshore Wind Project In Germany

   Dec 16, 2009

   AREVA NP (AREVA), via its German subsidiary Multibrid GmbH, has installed and
commissioned the first six M5000 turbines for the Alpha Ventus project, located
in the North Sea, 45 kilometers off the island of Borkum, Germany. The group is
creating a reference in the offshore wind industry with its 5 MW turbines
designed for offshore conditions. Under the terms of the contract signed with
DOTI, the six turbines have now entered the test phase scheduled to end this
winter.The turbines have already generated around 30 million KWh since
commissioning. During the second half of November 2009, they ran at full load
i.e. 30 MW due to the wind conditions and generated nearly 10 million kWh with
an availability of more than 99%.This pioneering project will have a dynamic
impact on the European offshore wind power market and position AREVA to become a
major supplier of state-of-the-art offshore wind turbines. Our operating
experience will help set the standards for the offshore wind industry, thereby
facilitating project bankability for our customers, emphasized Anil Srivastava,
chief executive officer of AREVA Renewables. DOTI stands for (Deutsche Offshore
Testfeld und Infrastrukturgesellschaft),comprising E.ON, Vattenfall and EWE as
shareholders.


Areva And SWAY Announce Partnership On Deep Water Floating Wind Turbine
Solutions

   Aug 05, 2009

   AREVA and SWAY A/S (Sway) have announced their cooperation in offering new
solutions to provide technology that makes it possible to exploit offshore winds
in deep water for energy production. AREVA, via its German subsidiary AREVA
Multibrid, is currently delivering turbines to the first German offshore test
field Alpha-Ventus.AREVA-Multibrid was recently awarded a memorandum of
understanding for delivery of 80 wind turbines to Global Tech 1 wind farm, which
is planned outside the coast of Northern Germany with seabed anchored
installations. The Multibrid M5000 turbine has a capacity of 5 MW and is
designed solely for offshore installation.The turbine will be adapted to enable
downwind turbine operation on SWAY's tower solution. This is the first time
their turbine is applied on a floating foundation, which has been made possible
through SWAY's technology. Our aim is to demonstrate that deep water wind power
is commercially attractive within the next 4 years, says the company's founder
and Chief Executive Officer Eystein Borgen, and adds: The use
ofAREVA-Multibrid's technology is essential for our project. The combination
makes it possible to produce energy at a commercially attractive price. Full
scale test licence in Norway: SWAY AS has been granted a license from the
Norwegian Water Resources and Energy Directorate for building a floating wind
turbine plant for offshore wind power around 7 km outside KarmÃ¸y on the west
coast of Norway. The prototype construction is conditional on financial support
from the recently established Norwegian financial support programme for marine
renewable energy (Enova). A customer for this project is essential and Sway is
ready to start negotiations with possible international or national buyers as
soon as possible. When the right customer is found the wind turbine can be up
and running in 18-24 months. The purpose of the project is to test a full-scale
SWAY wind power plant and collect sufficient operational experience for both
SWAY and the customer for building future floating wind power facilities
offshore. Our ambition is to demonstrate that such plants in a commercial phase
shall be able to supply power at a price competitive to shallow water wind
parks. SWAY's floating wind turbines have several advantages which will make
this possible. The test plant: The demonstration plant will consist of a SWAY
floating tower and an Multibrid wind turbine with a capacity of 5 MW. The tower
is 188 metre high, whereof 84 metre is above water and 104 metre is under water.
Heavy ballast is placed at the bottom of the tower and it is anchored to the
seabed with a tension leg and a suction anchor. The tension leg is attached to
the tower through a subsea yaw mechanism which enables the wind turbine
including tower to revolve with the wind. This will allow using a tension rod
system to strengthen the tower, similar to the wire stays on a sailboat, so that
a significantly larger turbine can be utilized. This will increase the
production capacity, and thus reduce the power production costs. The technology
is suitable and safe for ocean depths between 80 and 400 metres. The wind
turbine that is mounted on the top of the tower is placed downwind. This is to
allow the floating tower to tilt (6 to 8 degrees) due to the pressure from the
wind, without resulting in a large misalignment between the rotor and the wind.
Transformers, switchgear and other electric equipment will be placed in the
tower. The plant will be connected to the existing electrical grid onshore
through a sea cable. Offshore wind power has enormous potential: All reports
indicate an enormous energy potential in offshore wind world wide. A report
published in April 2009 by the U.S. Department of Interior estimates the
recoverable energy potential in offshore wind power in the US to e enough to
cover the power consumption of 53 million households (1000-1500TWh). It is maybe
neglected by many people that in several areas only deep water locations are
available and fixed base installations is no alternative for utilizing this
potential, Borgen comments, and in addition we can produce more power from a
floating wind turbine located out of sight from shore because normally the wind
blows stronger farther offshore. Offshore wind power also entails less conflicts
related to use of land, animal and plant life, as well as various opinions
related to aesthetics. This does not mean that we want to play down the
importance of fishery and ship traffic and we will gain experience on these
issues through our demonstration plant, says Borgen and adds: Our ambition is to
produce more energy at a lower price, hence making the floating wind turbine an
attractive asset for energy producers worldwide.


DOTI Completes Foundations For First Six Alpha Ventus Turbines In Germany

   Jun 08, 2009

   Deutsche Offshore Testfeld und Infrastrukturgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG (DOTI)
has installed six tripod foundations for the Areva Multibrid M5000 5 MW wind
turbines at offshore wind farm, Alpha Ventus, Germany. Alpha Ventus is located
45 kilometres off the coast of the island of Borkum. Multibrid GmbH (Multibrid)
has constructed and installed six M5000 machines. The REpower 5M turbines for
these will be supplied by REpower Systems AG.The Alpha Ventus is a joint
undertaking by EWE Aktiengesellschaft, E.ON AG and Vattenfall AB.Wilfried Hube,
overall project leader of alpha ventus, explains: The construction of the wind
farm is currently making good progress and is making a valuable contribution to
our learning curve. This is the first time six tripods have been used as
foundations for offshore wind turbines. It is an international premiere. The
preparations are also started at the alpha ventus construction site for laying
the foundations for six further wind turbines. Areva holds 51% stake in
Multibrid.


AREVA Signs EUR700 Million MoU With Wetfeet Offshore Windenergy For 80 M5000
Wind Turbines

   Mar 31, 2009

   AREVA, through its subsidiary Multibrid GmbH (Multibrid), has signed a
binding memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Wetfeet Offshore Windenergy GmbH
(Wetfeet Offshore Windenergy) to supply 80 M5000 turbines for the 400 megawatt
(MW) Global Tech 1 offshore wind farm. Under the agreements, AREVA also provides
commissioning, testing and maintenance services. Foundations, transport and
erection offshore are excluded from the scope. Value of the order will be worth
over EUR700 million.After coming into force of the agreements, the order will be
worth over EUR700 million. In addition, an option for the delivery of further
wind turbines was mentioned in the MoU.Global Tech 1 is located 90 kilometres
from the coast in the German North Sea. Delivery is scheduled for 2011-2012. The
wind farm will generate 1.4 billion kWh per year, and provide one million users.
Willi Balz, chief executive officer (CEO) of Wetfeet Offshore Windenergy,
comprising among others the municipal utilities HEAG Sudhessische Energie AG
(HSE) and Stadtwerke Munchen GmbH (SWM) said: Our clear target is the efficient
and solid realization of the wind farm 'Global Tech 1' in the North Sea. Only a
few manufacturers worldwide are able to deliver reliable 5 MW wind turbines. In
AREVA we found the ideal partner to build Global Tech 1 and further projects in
the pipeline. Furthermore, the company culture and the exceptional customer
focus of Multibrid are a good match with the values of Wetfeet Offshore
Windenergy emphasized Willi Balz and the chairmen of the two municipal
utilities, Albert Filbert (HSE) and Dr. Kurt Muhlhauser (SWM). Anil Srivastava,
CEO of the Renewables business unit, said We are very proud to have been
selected by Wetfeet Offshore Windenergy, one of the most efficient and
competitive project developers. The decision illustrates the trust being placed
in Multibrid's state-of-the art offshore technology and gives AREVA a strong
foothold on the burgeoning European offshore market.


Multibrid To Carry Out Initial Start-Up Test For Wind Energy Plants For Alpha
Ventus

   Sep 08, 2008

   Multibrid GmbH (Multibrid) will carry out the initial start-up test on the
first wind energy plants for the German wind energy test field "alpha ventus"
during the coming weeks. This entails the wind energy plant being tested
together with the electrotechnical systems located in the tower and put into
operation for the first time.Subsequently, the plants are prepared for dispatch.
Only mid-June 2007 Multibrid concluded a contract with DOTI, the operating
company founded by EWE, Vattenfall and EON, to supply 6 foundations and plants.
That only just overone year later all the foundations are ready together with an
intensive certification process with confirmation of the extreme giants tested
for heavy-duty use in the North Sea proves the high level of Know-How of
Multibrid in the implementation of offshore projects.Multibrid and DOTI agreed
by contract that the plants should be erected by summer 2009 â[#x20ac]" however,
all parties involved have done everything they can to speed up the project. The
status achieved is remarkable are the words of JÃ¶rg Kuhbier, chairman of the
offshore wind energy forum. â[#x20ac][#x17e]The test field â[#x20ac][#x17e]Alpha
Ventus has already shown that the plans to extend offshore wind energy can be
implemented technically â[#x20ac]" the status of the test field achieved in this
short period â[#x20ac]" being set up for the first time in the world in such
deep waters and at such a distance from the shore â[#x20ac]" is also thanks to
the intensive and very good cooperation with the authorities says Michael
Klingele, project leader at Multibrid for this project. The procedures for
erecting the some 700 t. heavy foundations are also subject to an intensive
control process which was also completed successfully. Over the last few weeks
Multibrid had to cope with very bad weather conditions which brought unusually
high waves for August of more than 1.5 m on average which did not permit the
installation of the foundations for the biggest part of the month with the
installation logistics available today. However, this delay with the foundations
did not have an effect on the progress of the project. Prior to the installation
and starting-up of the wind energy plants we also need the connection with the
grid on which we have no influence, according to Niels Erdmann, Managing
Director of Multibrid. This will probably be delayed until next year. In order
to ensure a cost-effective project management despite these conditions,
Multibrid has decided to set up the foundations and the plants next year so that
connection to the grid can commence together with the startupof the operation.
The manufacturers of offshore wind energy plants are well-prepared for the
expansion of offshore wind technology. However, there is urgent need for the
manufacturing of installation units which are not dependent upon the weather
conditions. Finished concepts are available and the branch expects the first
specialised installation units to be ready by the end of next year.


MULTIBRID Completes Erecting M5000 Offshore Wind Turbines In Bremerhaven

   Jun 09, 2008

   Multibrid GmbH (Multibrid), a unit of AREVA, has completed the erecting of
two further MULTIBRID M5000 offshore wind turbines in Bremerhaven in Germany.
The erecting was completed in two days for the first wind turbine, and in three
days for the second wind turbine. The assembly of the M5000 housings and rotors
on the ca. 130 m-high towers went smoothly. The facilities will be connected to
an electrical power supply by the end of June, 2008.Previously, two further
M5000 wind turbines were erected onshore in Bremerhaven. All the technological
developments made over the last few years as a result of the experience with the
first two turbines were consequently applied to these two turbines. The
MULTIBRID M5000 is thus as well-equipped as possible for offshore.The
installation of each of the three steel tower segments onto the ca. 60m-high
concrete base was carried out using a 1200t crane. In recent weeks, the concrete
foundations were made and fitted onsite. Meanwhile the core part of the M5000,
the housing weighing 200t, was transported from its production site in
Bremerhaven to the new site by heavy goods transporter. The three rotor blades,
each 56.5m long, were brought by road from their production site in Stade to
Bremerhaven. Thanks to excellent preparation by the assembly team, the erecting
work was completed in two days for the first wind turbine, and in three days for
the second wind turbine. Thanks to their enclosed, wear-resistant construction,
the M5000 are particularly suitable for use in the harsh conditions of the sea.
Little maintenance and high technical availability are guaranteed by the optimum
protection against corrosive sea air, the remarkably low tower-head weight of
310t, and the minimum-wear design of all of the components. Since mid-2007,
M5000 Offshore wind turbines are produced in MULTIBRID's production site in the
Bremerhaven fishing harbor. By 2011, the production capacity will stand at
around 10 facilitiesin order to be able to reach this target, MULTIBRID has
begun taking on qualified labour.


Multibrid To Supply Offshore Turbines To PROKON

   Jan 23, 2008

   Multibrid GmbH (Multibrid), a subsidiary of Areva, is to supply eighty 5 MW
wind turbines to PROKON Nord (PROKON) for the offshore wind farm Borkum West II,
located 45 km north of the Borkum Island in the North Sea. The company's
expected sales will exceed EUR500 millions. Multibrid will deliver its M5000
wind turbines during 2010 and 2011.This announcement comes in the wake of the
decision made by Trianel, an association comprising German urban electric
utilities, to join forces with PROKON Nord in the Borkum West II project and to
invest around one billion euros in the 400 MW wind farm.Ingo de Buhr, PROKON
Nord's founder and majority shareholder, said: Trianel's decision to invest in
the Brokum-West II project confirms the technological edge of the offshore wind
turbines designed and manufactured by Multibrid.


Multibrid To Erect Second Offshore Wind Energy Converter In Bremerhaven, Germany


   Nov 22, 2006

   Multibrid GmbH (Multibrid), a unit of AREVA, will erect the second offshore
wind energy converter on a 500 ton tripod foundation in Bremerhaven, Germany in
two weeks. Before the end of 2006 the plant will deliver electricity into the
public grid. It is thus the first offshore wind energy plant worldwide, where it
will be possible to test the interaction between the foundation tripod and the
wind energy turbine on the mainland.The 30 meter tall steel construction, the so
called tripod, has been welded together and coated within the past four months.
A number of sensors will collect data of structural loads of the wind energy
plant that are affecting the foundation.The excellent operational results of the
first Multibrid M5000, which has been feeding power to the grid in Bremerhaven
for two years now, will be backed up with this and two further M5000 offshore
wind energy converters to be installed in Bremerhaven next year. The first M5000
for offshore deployment is scheduled for 2008 in the offshore test field Borkum
West where six plants of this type will be erected. With a rotor diameter of
116m the Multibrid M5000 reaches a nominal load of 5MW. Based on its sealed and
wear resistant design, the M5000 is perfectly suited for the operation under the
harsh conditions of the open sea. Best protection against corrosive sea-air, a
tower head mass of only 300t, which is especially low-weight, and the layout of
all components towards minimum wear, provide little maintenance effort and high
availability.


ENERTRAG, PROKON Receives First Offshore Wind Energy Project In France

   Sep 14, 2005

   ENERTRAG Cote d'Albatre SAS (ENERTRAG), a subsidiary of ENERTRAG
Aktiengesellschaft, in cooperation with PROKON Nord (PROKON), has won the tender
for offshore wind energy projects in France. The project is located about seven
kilometres distance off the coast in a water depth of about 23 meter and will be
realized in the years 2007/08. It is planned to install 21 turbines of the type
Multibrid M5000.The M5000 prototype has been tested successfully since spring
this year in Bremerhaven/ Germany, where Multibrid's production site is
located.The companies see the basis of the success especially in the careful and
long-term planning process, in which ecological and tourist aspects have
received special consideration â[#x20ac]" all affected institutions and
authorities were involved from the beginning on. These factors were crucial for
the positive decision as the French Government informed. The planning has been
executed by ENERTRAG France, the site selection and the set-up of the planning
principles were coordinated by PROKON Nord, based on their experiences gained
from offshore projects in Germany and England. As an independent energy company
ENERTRAG generates power exclusively from regenerative sources and, with an
installed capacity of 450MW, it belongs to Europe's most productive wind energy
generators. 125 employees provide reliable plant operation for more than 300
wind turbines, which annually generate around 1 billion kilowatt hours. Already
in 2001 PROKON Nord accomplished to achieve the first German permission for an
offshore wind farm and in December 2003 the company took over Multibrid
Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH from Pfleiderer AG.


Multibrid Inaugurates Offshore Wind Energy Plant Multibrid M5000

   May 27, 2005

   Multibrid GmbH (Multibrid), an enterprise of the PROKON Nord Group, has
inaugurated an offshore wind energy plant, the Multibrid M5000. The company has
installed the first M5000 on December 2, 2004 in a time of only eight days; only
three weeks later the plant fed the first power into the grid. Multibrid plans
the installation of three further M5000 in Bremerhaven, Germany in 2006 in order
to erect the first plants offshore in 2007 on the grounds of the experiences
gathered.In mid April 2005 the commissioning of the Multibrid M5000 had been
successfully completed with highly satisfactory results following extensive
tests under all operating conditions and optimisations. Since then the prototype
of the world's first 5MW wind energy converter that is especially optimised for
offshore application operates in the fully automated mode.The experiences gained
during the past months have shown that the plant's performance has exceeded the
high expectations towards the innovative concept, especially with respect to
output performance, drive train dynamics and structure born sound emission.
Multibrid's managing director Martin Lehnhoff explains and sees in this
â[#x20ac][#x17e]an impressive confirmation of the chosen technology concept and
an excellent basis for further development stages. The integrated design, the
single stage planetary gearbox as well as the permanent magnet generator lead to
an extraordinary low weight for a 5 MW wind energy turbine. This in turn results
in advantages in the height of millions for the foundation costs. Further, the
low nacelle weight makes it possible to install the nacelle as a single piece,
whereby extremely cost consuming offshore working time can be minimised during
offshore installation. Quality requirements following railway technology provide
an availability of the M5000 far above average.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Investments                             Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014


                              132 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stateline.org

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 31, 2011 Wednesday

TODAY'S TAKE: Maine redistricting could sway presidential race

BYLINE: Josh Goodman, Stateline.org

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 557 words


Aug. 31--There's a chance -- albeit a very small chance -- that a decision Maine
makes this fall will determine the winner of the 2012 presidential election.

Maine is one of two states, along with Nebraska, that for presidential elections
awards one electoral vote to the winner of each of its U.S. House of
Representatives districts, rather than just awarding all electoral votes to the
statewide winner. That means that the boundary between the state's two House
districts could determine how many electoral votes President Obama or his
Republican opponent collect from the state. Maine legislators will redraw that
boundary in a special session that begins September 27.

Already, that line has been subject to political sparring on the state's
Advisory Apportionment Commission. Democrats on the commission argued for plans
that made minimal changes to the existing line. Republicans favored bigger
changes which would have placed more GOP voters in the state's Northern 2nd
District, imperiling President Obama's hold on the district, as well as the seat
of Michael Michaud, the district's Democratic congressman. The current 2nd
District is already the more politically competitive of the state's two
districts. Then-Senator Obama won 55 percent of the vote in the 2nd in 2008,
compared to 61 percent in the 1st district.

The Republican plans suffered a small setback yesterday, when the advisory
commission voted for the Democratic plan, the Bangor Daily News reports. All
seven Democratic members of the commission voted for their party's plan, all
seven Republicans voted against it and the independent chairman, Michael
Friedman, voted with the Democrats after failing to broker a compromise. "I
couldn't get the donkey and the elephant to move a stitch, even though I tried,"
Friedman said, according to the Daily News.

The commission's action is non-binding, however. The real decision will be made
in the September special session. Maine Governor Paul LePage is a Republican and
the Republicans control both houses of the Maine legislature, although they lack
a two-thirds majority in either house. Maine law says that congressional
redistricting plans must win a two-thirds majority to pass the legislature, but
Dan Billings, LePage's chief legal counsel, told the Sun Journal (Lewiston) last
week that Republicans will consider removing that law, then passing their plan
with a simple majority vote.

No presidential election has been decided by a single electoral vote since the
disputed 1876 race in which Republican Rutherford B. Hayes ultimately was
declared the winner over Democrat Samuel Tilden, 185 to 184. But it's not hard
to come up with a plausible result for 2012 in which one vote would matter. Say
the 2012 presidential election played out exactly like 2008 except Obama lost
Florida, Indiana, Ohio, Nevada, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania and Nebraska's 2nd
congressional district (where he won a single electoral vote in 2008). In that
case, Maine 2nd district would be the difference between a 270-268 Obama victory
and a 269-269 tie, with the presidency decided by the U.S. House of
Representatives. Click here to find Stateline's daily roundup of redistricting
news.

-- Contact Josh Goodman at jgoodman@pewtrusts.org

___ (c)2011 Stateline.org Visit Stateline.org at www.stateline.org Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110831-SH-TODAY-S-TAKE-Maine-redistricting-could-sway
-presidential-race-20110831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SH


                            Copyright 2011 Stateline


                              133 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

'Payday loan' industry holds sway at Capitol as lawmakers push for reform

BYLINE: Milan Simonich, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 800 words


Feb. 15--Twice in the last three weeks, state Sen. Bill Soules has been
scheduled to present his bill to cap interest rates of storefront lenders that
regularly charge customers 400 percent or more.

Both times, Soules saw his bill removed from the agenda of the Corporations
Committee by Sen. Phil Griego, the chairman.

"I am, quite frankly, a little frustrated," Soules, D-Las Cruces, said in an
interview. "Nothing was said to me about it, and my bill hasn't been
rescheduled. It was just 'rolled over.' "

For his part, Griego, D-San Jose, said the lending industry floated the idea
that a compromise was possible, so he was waiting for its leaders and lobbyists
to meet with Soules.

"The industry came to me and said they were looking for a way to mediate this,"
Griego said in a separate interview.

Then Griego asked an assistant in his Capitol office to summon industry
lobbyists for a meeting with him to see if they had an alternative to Soules'
bill, which proposes a rate cap of 36 percent on loans.

Griego also said he would slot Soules' bill for a hearing. He placed on the
agenda for Wednesday's committee hearings.

Nearly two weeks ago, the Regulatory and Public Affairs Committee of the House
of Representatives blocked two bills similar to Soules' proposal.

The House committee, controlled by Republicans, rejected a cap as the wrong
solution to predatory lending. GOP members said they wanted to see an
alternative proposal from the storefront lending industry.

Both episodes demonstrate the enormous power of the industry that makes
installment and title loans, usually for small amounts of money with high
interest rates.

Steve Fischmann, a former Democratic state senator from Mesilla Park, now is
volunteering his time to co-chair the New Mexico Fair Lending Coalition. His
group says storefront lenders take advantage of poor people desperate for quick
cash. Low-income borrowers often extend their loans, leading to more interest
payments and higher profits for storefront lenders.

Fischmann says the industry already has shown that it has "veto power" over the
Legislature by persuading various House and Senate members to do nothing unless
it proposes a bill of its own.

"The industry and its lobbyists might as well say, 'We own the Legislature.
Tough,' " Fischmann said.

Andrew Morrison, affiliated with Sun Loan Co., traveled from San Antonio, Texas,
to Santa Fe to testify in the House committee against loan caps of 36 percent.

He is among many in the industry who say Fischmann and others are pushing for a
solution that would only worsen predatory lending.

"You seriously want to take a politician's word for the notion that we can still
make small-dollar loans at 36 percent over the word of industry professionals
who actually understand the costs?" Morrison said in an email.

The industry has some "unsavory operators" and reform legislation may be
necessary, Morrison said.

"But the worst thing, worse than nothing, would be to throw out the baby with
the bath water, cut off access to all licensed, audited small-dollar credit and
leave the field to the Internet and the back-alley loan sharks," he said.

While Soules' bill for a 36 percent cap on loan rates has languished, other
bills to expand the storefront lending have been introduced this month and
slated for legislative hearings.

"The industry is doubling down," Fischmann said.

The new bills focus on loans made in anticipation of borrowers getting tax
refunds. Fourteen such loan stores operate in McKinley County, but the
legislation would create more outlets in tax preparation businesses already
operating in New Mexico, Fischmann said.

"While the bill might stop some 1,000 percent loan abuses, its main impact will
be to legitimize interest rates of up to 432 percent," he said.

Under the bill, these lenders could charge $18 per $100 loaned for up to 15
days.

Griego said he knows nothing about the storefront lending industry, not having
dealt with it. "To tell you the truth, I don't really understand it. I need to
learn," he said.

Those who say storefront lenders need to be corralled advocate the simple
solution that the industry hates.

Bill Jordan, a lobbyist for New Mexico Voices for Children, told House members
that the only way to stop abuses is through rate caps. The figure of 36 percent
is the baseline that Fischmann, Soules and others are using because the U.S.
Department of Defense established that rate cap for active military members,
many of whom had complained about predatory lending practices.

Contact Milan Simonich at 986-3080 or msimonich@sfnewmexican.com Follow his
Ringside Seat column and blog at santafenewmexican.com.

___ (c)2015 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150215-SF-Payday-loan-industry-holds-sway
-at-Capitol-as-lawmakers-push-for-reform-0215-20150215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2015 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              134 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           January 11, 2017 Wednesday
                            All but Toronto Edition

Chartrand can't wait to show off Pina program; Defending Title

BYLINE: Gord Holder, National Post

SECTION: POST SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 528  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


Even Alaine Chartrand acknowledges it's a "major change," but it's out with Sway
and back in with Pina for the short program as the 20-year-old Prescott native
defends her Canadian women's figure skating championship.

"I'm feeling good about the decision," Chartrand said Tuesday during a
conference call to promote the 2017 nationals scheduled for next week at
Ottawa's TD Place arena. "I was a little hesitant at first because I have never
gone back to an old program (before), but I really think this is the right
decision and I love the program, so I can't wait to show it off again."

Chartrand skated confidently a year ago in Halifax, ranking second in both the
short program with Pina and free skate with her Gone with the Wind routine to
finish first overall ahead of 2015 champion Gabrielle Daleman of Newmarket,
Ont., and 2013-14 winner Kaetlyn Osmond of Marystown, N.L., and Sherwood Park,
Alta.

Chartrand subsequently placed 17th in the world championships at Boston, then
unveiled Sway to start the 2016-17 season. After placing second in the Autumn
Classic International in Montreal in October, she was fifth in Skate Canada
International in Mississauga, Ont., and a frustrating 10th in the NHK Trophy in
Sapporo in November.

A week or so later, Pina was brought out of storage. It wasn't that she didn't
like Sway, she said, but Chartrand wasn't producing the desired results from the
opening combination of jumps onward.

"The plan really was to bring (Sway) back for the Olympic season because I liked
it so much, but now seemed like the time that I needed it," Chartrand added.

As the first Canadian senior skating champion from eastern Ontario since
Gloucester's Angela Derochie in 1998, Chartrand will enjoy an opportunity to
defend her crown as close to home as possible before a sizable collection of
family members, friends and clubmates. She splits weekday training between
Prescott (with coach Mary Jayne Rashotte) and Minto (Robert Kazimir) before
travelling to a Torontoarea club for weekend sessions with Michelle Leigh and
Brian Orser.

Last year's event also marked a return to the national stage for Osmond, who had
won consecutive national titles in Mississauga and Ottawa before missing most of
2014-15 because of a broken leg.

She said Tuesday she watched little skating competition during that season. On
the plus side, Osmond was mentally refreshed when she returned to the ice, but
she somehow missed out on the improvement of others both across and outside
Canada. Finishing third in Halifax and failing to earn either of Canada's two
women's berths for the worlds in Boston was both an eye-opener and a
metaphorical kick in the rear end.

"I just didn't feel like myself on the ice and I don't like that feeling,"
Osmond said during her teleconference. "So after nationals, I refocused and I
just wanted to enjoy skating again, and that has given me the confidence this
year."

The 2017 Canadian Tire Skating Championships commence with novice and junior
competition from Monday through Jan. 19. Senior skaters are in action Jan.
20-21. gholder@postmedia.com Twitter.com/HolderGord !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Alaine Chartrand;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2017 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Silver Queen's way with an embrace sways judges

BYLINE: Jon Pompia, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 496 words


Sept. 02--Humility and a way with an embrace.

Such are the makings of royalty.

Elizabeth Ann Leach, 93, an elegant former educator and real estate professional
whose lineage traces back to Thomas Jefferson, was crowned the 2016 Silver Queen
Thursday at the Coca-Cola Stage on the Colorado State Fairgrounds.

A resident of Primrose Retirement Communities, the published author,
accomplished painter and mother of four bettered a field of 18 equally charming
ladies to garner the crown, sash, cape, trophy and avalanche of accolades.

"It's unbelievable," said Leach, whose life was characterized by community and
public service. "I can't believe this really happened. I never expected to be
voted queen. I had so much good competition, I was sure someone else would get
it.

"And I have no idea how I won. But I am a good hugger."

This year's first runner- up is former high school rifle shooting champion
Jeanenne Sailor, 80, of Villa Pueblo Senior Living Communities. Mary Ward, 80,
of Brookdale El Camino, the second runner- up, milked as many as 40 cows a day
while growing up on a farm. At age 99, Opal Ingram of Pueblo Regent, the third
runner- up, was the senior stateswoman of the candidates. And with a
million-dollar smile that never fades, Mildred McHodgkins, 95, of InnovAge, was
the manifest choice for congeniality honors.

The crowning of the Silver Queen, as well as the August pageant, were sponsored
by Sangre de Cristo Hospice in conjunction with the Colorado State Fair and The
Pueblo Chieftain. Dave Ritterling served as host for both events.

Before this year's winner was announced, Ruby Moreland, 95, the 2015 Silver
Queen, told the hundreds of spectators,

"It's been a delightful pleasure to be the queen, and I've enjoyed it very much.
So I'll be glad to crown the next one."

And while Moreland was more than happy to pass on the title to Leach, she wasn't
quite ready to give up her crown.

"Did you bring the crown with you today for the new queen?" Ritterling asked.

"I don't have another one to give. I didn't know I had to give it up," the
spunky Moreland countered as laughter broke out.

"Do we have another crown to give?" asked Ritterling, a bit confused. "Oh, we
do. Good! Thank you, Armstrong Jewelers."

The California-born Leach said one of the highlights of her life was teaching
speech at Kansas State University.

"I loved the students," Leach said. "That was the best part. As it was right
after World War II, many of my students were veterans studying on the GI Bill.

"And they were all very good students."

Another accomplishment was a 56-year marriage to Pueblo native Richard Leach --
a union which produced four sons, three of whom were present Thursday.

"She was a wonderful, caring mother who gave us a great start in life," said son
Don Leach. "It's pretty much that simple."

jpompia@chieftain.com

___ (c)2016 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160902-PB-Silver-Queen-s-way-with-an-embrace-sways
-judges-0902-20160902

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2016 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              136 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 2, 2013 Friday

US Patent granted to CIW Enterprises, Inc (Pennsylvania) on July 30 titled as
"Sliding door with anti-sway trolley assembly"

LENGTH: 211  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,496,038 on
July 30, 2013, to CIW Enterprises, Inc (Pennsylvania), titled as "Sliding door
with anti-sway trolley assembly"

Inventors:  Kondash; Joseph (Wilkes-Barre, PA), Balay; Joseph (Sugarloaf, PA)

Assignee:  CIW Enterprises, Inc. (Mountaintop, PA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present invention provides at least one anti-sway trolley assembly used in
conjunction with either a single sided partition set or sandwiched between first
and second partition side in a double sided partition set. The anti-sway trolley
assembly comprises a floating rod affixed at a first end to a trolley. Affixed
at a rod second end is a floor contact member which provides frictional
resistance to lateral displacement of the door. Each anti-sway trolley assembly
rides in a chain guide and is affixed to a partition hinge rod. In this manner,
a floor channel is not required to achieve resistance to lateral displacement
forces."

The patent was filed on June 2, 2009 Application no. 12/476,510

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 17, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Progress Mfg. Inc. (Utah) on January 14 titled as
"Dual-attachment system for a sway control hitch"

LENGTH: 210  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,628,107, on
January 14, 2014, to Progress Mfg. Inc. (Utah), titled as "Dual-attachment
system for a sway control hitch"

Inventors:  Harper; Jason Robert (Provo, UT), Conger; Raymond L. (Orem, UT),
Jones; Joshua A. (Provo, UT), Anderson; Jed (Provo, UT)
Assignee:  Progress Mfg. Inc. (Provo, UT)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
trailer hitch system for equalizing trailer loads and reducing trailer sway. The
trailer hitch system may include spring bars that may be attached to a hitch
head using a trunnion style connection. The spring bars may be attached to the
trailer using rigid brackets that reduce swinging of the spring bars. The rigid
brackets having a plurality of contact points may include an upward extending
portion for attaching to the trailer tongue, and a lateral extending portion for
receiving the spring bars thereupon. The rigid brackets may include a spacing
member and an attachment member."

The patent was filed on July 1, 2010 Application no. 12/829,230

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                          September 29, 2004 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Sparks at FasTracks hearing ADDITIONAL COSTS CLAIMED The state transportation
chief says the plan would force improvements to other infrastructure. Transit
backers decry the meeting as a ploy to sway voters.

BYLINE: David Olinger Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 534 words


Colorado's transportation chief says the $4.7 billion Denver-area transit plan
on November's ballot could require billions more dollars in state highway
spending and siphon money from other areas of Colorado.

Tom Norton, executive director of the Colorado Department of Transportation,
told legislators Tuesday that FasTracks is not well coordinated with other
transportation plans and could leave other regions short of highway funds.

He said the expansion would require roads linked to that system, interchange
improvements and other state transportation expenses.

In the next 20 years, "it will take up to $4.3 billion of state improvements to
make the FasTracks plan work," he said.

During a legislative hearing held amid accusations that it was called to condemn
FasTracks a month before the vote, Norton insisted he was not trying to sway
opinions.

"I'm not here to be in favor of or opposing FasTracks," he said. His boss, Gov.
Bill Owens, has come out against the plan, however.

Other transportation officials differed with Norton's assessment of the
FasTracks plan.

Denver Public Works Manager Bill Vidal, a former state transportation director,
said FasTracks planning was well coordinated with the state Transportation
Department.

It was undertaken with "the sense that the economic vitality of the region was
threatened if something wasn't done about congestion," he said. "What it's
really come down to - how long can we afford to wait?"

Cal Marsella, general manager of the Regional Transportation District, said
Norton's estimates refer to projects that would be beneficial - but not
essential - to the proposed transit expansion.

He also questioned why state leaders would object to local taxpayers voluntarily
spending money to solve state transportation problems.

"What we can't get lost in this thing - this is all local money," Marsella said.
"We'll raise it locally to do all these improvements. This is a complementary
investment to highways, not a replacement."

If approved, FasTracks would add six rail lines and expand commuter bus service
in the region.

Proponents at the hearing said FasTracks would cost local taxpayers a dime a day
and take 22 percent of the traffic off the highways during rush hours.

Critics accused RTD of using taxpayer funds to campaign for the project and of
ignoring effective, less expensive alternatives, such as toll lanes on existing
highways.

The hearing began with a testy debate about its purpose.

Senate President John Andrews said he called House and Senate transportation
committee members for a fact-finding session on what could become Colorado's
biggest public works project.

Democrats accused him of staging a needless pre-election show to give FasTracks
opponents a forum to condemn a proposal before the voters.

Rep. Jack Pommer, a Boulder Democrat, noted that he began the day stuck in
traffic on U.S. 36 and Interstate 25 because "one stalled truck can shut down a
major city." There was also a three-car accident on eastbound U.S. 36 during
rush hour.

"My neighbors and I will gladly pay" a 0.4 cent sales tax increase, Pommer said,
"if it gets us where we're going."

Staff writer David Olinger can be reached at 303-820-1498 or
dolinger@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Glen Martin | The Denver Post State Senate President John Andrews
called Tuesday's hearing, but FasTracks backers said it was a stunt designed to
sway voters.
PHOTO: Glen Martin | The Denver Post State Senate President John Andrews called
Tuesday's hearing, but FasTracks backers said it was a stunt designed to sway
voters.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             July 27, 2004 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Floridians look at past, vow to move beyond

BYLINE: DAVID DECAMP, The Times-Union

SECTION: NATIONAL INTERNATIONAL; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 814 words


BOSTON -- Florida Democrats opened their party's national convention with
front-and-center seats, mixing their fall election hopes and memories of the
2000 election.

Florida Democratic Chairman Scott Maddox began Monday's breakfast caucus meeting
by mentioning "we'll once again re-defeat Bush in 2004."

One by one, other speakers took similar routes inside the banquet room of a
Boston Marriott hotel handpicked by the party. Inside the FleetCenter, Florida's
delegation has floor seats in the middle for evening speeches.

But viewers back home of the prime-time proceedings may get a different picture,
and some Democrats sense the convention -- at least alone -- may not sway a lot
of uncertain voters. While some hope the attention sways the small band of
undecided voters in Florida, others question whether the convention coverage
will have a big effect.

"I think the convention is more like the icing on the cake. It reiterates what
we've been doing all along," state Rep. Audrey Gibson of Jacksonville said.

Television time is limited, and only a relative few voters are undecided in the
close race for Florida's 27 electoral votes, the largest among battleground
states.

A poll of 600 likely Florida voters a week ago showed John Kerry had 47 percent
support while President Bush had 44 percent, according to Research 2000.
Independent Ralph Nader won 3 percent. Only 6 percent were undecided, according
to the survey for the Florida Times-Union and the South Florida Sun-Sentinel.

Presumptive nominee Kerry's campaign has scripted an optimistic series of events
leading up to his nomination Thursday.

Two Floridians, U.S. Rep. Kendrick Meek of Miami and U.S. Sen. Bob Graham, have
prime-time speaking posts. Meek opened the prime-time speeches Monday. Graham, a
former presidential candidate, speaks Wednesday. U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown of
Jacksonville is scheduled to speak at 4 p.m. Thursday.

Democrats want the week to better define Kerry to undecided voters. The Florida
poll suggested the state's voters had a murkier understanding of Kerry than of
Bush. Gibson said the convention can better explain the differences between
Democrats and Republicans, while Florida's delegation may get some limelight.
Former Vice President Al Gore and Meek both noted the 2000 troubles in their
prime-time speeches, but both quickly moved beyond 2000 to talk about this
campaign.

"This election is not about the past," Meek said. "It's about the future."

Florida Democrats still believe they can use the convention to help them in the
campaign.

"I think this convention can have a lot of effect," Maddox said after the
breakfast. "I'm disappointed in the amount of prime-time coverage, but the
grass-roots possibilities coming out of the convention are very, very high. The
people that were in this room today will be the surrogates to sell John Kerry
and John Edwards in the state of Florida."

The GOP, however, began its counterattack Monday by accusing the Democrats of
running away from Kerry's record. In a conference call, U.S. Rep. Mario
Diaz-Balart of Miami said Democrats were avoiding discussion of Kerry's Senate
record. It continued a Republican tactic of accusing Kerry of flip-flopping on
policies during his Senate career.

"He's not spending a lot of time speaking about his 19-year-old record in the
Senate," Diaz-Balart said. "As a matter of fact, I imagine the delegates in
Boston are not hearing about his 19-year-old record in the Senate."

Angst over the 2000 recount remains among Florida's Democratic leaders, but only
trickled among convention hall speakers who began Monday's events. In an
interview, Maddox said they have to straddle the memories and the demands of
this year's campaign.

"The outcome of the election machinations changed the outcome of a presidential
election in my state. I'll never get over that," Maddox said. "But you can't win
an election looking in a rear-view mirror. This election will be won based on
having a sound foreign policy, creating jobs in America, and providing health
care. Those are the issues that we're going to talk about, and we'll see it in
this convention over and over again."

During the morning, the 250 members of the Florida delegation plus guests heard
from movie star Ben Affleck, former Attorney General Janet Reno, former Vermont
governor and presidential candidate Howard Dean, and Brown. Like others, Brown
took a jab at the U.S. House Republican leadership, who struck statements by her
from the congressional record recently. She had called the 2000 election a "coup
d'etat" and stolen.

"Our House of Representatives is the only place -- that's controlled by the
Republicans -- that they will take your words down when you tell the truth, and
the truth is we won the 2000 election," Brown said. "And the question is, will
we win it again? And will they try to take it from us again?"

david.decamp@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4699

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Photo: DNC146 CVN MEEKS 40397CVN_MEE LAURA RAUCH/Associated Press Leslie Meek of
Miami, wife of Rep. Kendrick Meek, D-Fla., reacts as her husband speaks during
the Democratic National Convention on Monday at the FleetCenter in Boston.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 The Florida Times-Union


                              140 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            November 5, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

INSTANT ANALYSIS

SECTION: SPECIAL; Pg. 1BB

LENGTH: 215 words


A sense of style

For teams at or near the top, it's not about winning anymore. It's all about the
method of winning. Scoring style points won't sway the computers but it will
sway pollsters, and the polls count for two-thirds of the BCS points. A look at
who looked good and who didn't:

The fashionable ...

No. 4 Texas (9-1): Beat Oklahoma State 36-10. Longhorns look like BCS contenders
after an easy win.

No. 9 USC (7-1): Beat Stanford 42-0. After upset loss to Oregon State, Trojans
had to put on a show.

No. 12 Arkansas (8-1): Beat South Carolina 26-20. Beating Steve Spurrier on the
road always looks impressive. Hogs have inside track to SEC title game.

... and the frumpy

No. 1 Ohio State (10-0): Beat Illinois 17-10. "So what does it say that we got
taken against the wall? Everybody can get taken against the wall." - Ohio State
coach Jim Tressel

No. 2 Michigan (10-0): Beat Ball State 34-26. "Coming into the game, people were
reading too many press clippings." - Michigan quarterback Chad Henne

No. 7 Florida (8-1): Beat Vanderbilt 25-19. "Are we playing all the time like a
championship team? No." - Florida coach Urban Meyer

MORE INSIDE

No. 13 LSU 28 No. 8 Tennessee 24

JaMarcus Russell hits Early Doucet with a 4-yard TD pass with 9 seconds left to
give LSU a 28-24 win over the Volunteers.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  COLLEGE FOOTBALL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                   November 17, 2002 Sunday N-BURLCO EDITION

Months-long high school competition will peak Friday at Atco Raceway. Winning
will lead to nationals. Drag-racing challenge has motors running

BYLINE: By Louise Harbach; Inquirer Suburban Staff

SECTION: NEIGHBORS BURLINGTON; Pg. L03

LENGTH: 923 words


Since March, high school drag-race enthusiasts have been vying for the chance to
compete in a national championship. On Friday at Atco Raceway, the quarter-mile
runs will determine who gets to go.

With contestants racing at speeds reaching 125 m.p.h. and above, their friends
cheering them from cars parked along the fence line, "it's a very festive
occasion," said Joe Sway Jr., general manager of the raceway.

"There's a lot of camaraderie and a lot of real friendships among students going
to different high schools," he said of Atco's High School Challenge, a series of
drag-racing meets, which began in March and will end Friday.

The raceway, Sway said, started the races for high school students and their
teachers about three years ago because of a growing interest in the sport and a
desire to keep students from racing on the streets.

"In a controlled place like this, it's a lot safer, and I think a lot more fun
for the kids because they can bring all their friends along to support them,"
Sway said.

The eighth and final meet is expected to feature drivers from Cherokee, Shawnee,
Lenape, Triton, Highland, Washington Township and Eastern high schools, as well
as those enrolled in automotive courses at Camden County College.

The Cherokee High Racing Association may not be the school's most popular club,
but it is certainly one of the most unusual.

For starters, there's the club car, a 1968 Chevy Camaro with its distinctive
"CHRA" logo in brown and orange, Cherokee's colors, on each door.

Club members stage car shows and other fund-raisers to buy parts for the Camaro
so John Fitzpatrick, an automotive teacher at the Marlton high school and the
club's adviser, can race it at Atco.

Club members are also restoring an '85 Mustang, with an engine from a Lincoln
Mark VII, which Cherokee principal Linda Rohrer promises to race when the meets
resume in March.

"I want to be known as a principal who gets out there and tries something new,"
she said.

Then there are members such as senior Jeremy Castle, 19, whose best time in his
black '95 Camaro is 13.0 seconds at the high school meets.

"It's something I really enjoy doing," said Castle of his drag-racing career.
"In fact, everyone in my family is into cars."

And there are members such as Adam Rapp, 19, a senior who races his '88 Mustang
GT, with purple and white racing stripes.

His best time: 13.9 seconds.

"It's fun, and it's legal," Rapp said. "And nothing beats the thrill of beating
your own time."

Or beating Fitzpatrick, who started the club eight years ago as a way to
rejuvenate the school's automotive program.

Interest in the subject had slipped to the point where Donald Stecher, then the
principal of Cherokee, was ready to throw automotive repair onto the curriculum
scrap heap. In desperation, he called Fitzpatrick, then a teacher at the
Gloucester County Special Services School District, and asked him to resuscitate
the program.

Nine years later, four double-block automotive courses are offered, and every
seat - 80 of them - is taken. The courses are so popular, Rohrer had to recruit
wood-shop teacher Charlie Markovitz to help teach.

"We're probably the only high school in the region, if not the state, that owns
not one but two drag-racing cars," Rohrer said. "And Fitz is a teacher who gets
the best out of his students. He also offers them something that really grabs
their interest."

What Fitzpatrick offered to students was drag racing - with himself as the drag
racer and students as the pit crew.

During the winter, students take the car apart, repair it, and add new equipment
for spring racing. This year, they are also spending about $5,000 to transform
the Mustang, donated to the school, into a drag racer.

Fitzpatrick's drag racing as a teenager was limited to a few forays on the
streets of Camden, and he never pictured himself continuing it as an adult.

"But if drag racing would increase enrollment, I was willing to do it," said
Fitzpatrick, 52, who became the school's official drag racer because school
rules prohibited students from racing school-owned vehicles.

Another reason he started the club was to give some students a niche of their
own.

"Cherokee is known as a jock school, and if you're not a jock, you may not feel
like you're a part of Cherokee," Fitzpatrick said. "With a racing club like
ours, a student who is interested in cars can find a real niche and a sense of
belonging."

When the raceway started offering monthly racing challenges for high school
students, some members of the Cherokee association left the pit crew and
Fitzpatrick's cheering gallery to race their own cars.

Markovitz and Dave Haney, a photography teacher at Cherokee, now join
Fitzpatrick in driving the '68 Camaro.

When the school owned a '78 Camaro, the best Fitzpatrick could do on the
quarter-mile stretch at Atco was 98 m.p.h. in 13 seconds, but now that he's
driving the '68 Camaro, with a more powerful engine, his best time is 128 m.p.h.
in 10.4 seconds.

"I'm getting old," Fitzpatrick said. "My reaction time isn't as good."

Come March, Gail Donnelly, Cherokee's vocational supervisor, will join Rohrer
and other female staffers behind the wheel of the Mustang.

"We want something that goes a little slower," said Donnelly of the Mustang,
which Fitzpatrick promises will not be as fast a ride as the '68 Camaro. "I just
want to make it to the finish line."

So do the students - they just want to do it faster.

Contact Louise Harbach at 856-779-3861 or lharbach@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                   November 17, 2002 Sunday N-GLOUCO EDITION

Months-long high school competition will peak Friday at Atco Raceway. Winning
will lead to nationals. Drag-racing challenge has motors running

BYLINE: By Louise Harbach; Inquirer Suburban Staff

SECTION: NEIGHBORS GLOUCESTER; Pg. L03

LENGTH: 923 words


Since March, high school drag-race enthusiasts have been vying for the chance to
compete in a national championship. On Friday at Atco Raceway, the quarter-mile
runs will determine who gets to go.

With contestants racing at speeds reaching 125 m.p.h. and above, their friends
cheering them from cars parked along the fence line, "it's a very festive
occasion," said Joe Sway Jr., general manager of the raceway.

"There's a lot of camaraderie and a lot of real friendships among students going
to different high schools," he said of Atco's High School Challenge, a series of
drag-racing meets, which began in March and will end Friday.

The raceway, Sway said, started the races for high school students and their
teachers about three years ago because of a growing interest in the sport and a
desire to keep students from racing on the streets.

"In a controlled place like this, it's a lot safer, and I think a lot more fun
for the kids because they can bring all their friends along to support them,"
Sway said.

The eighth and final meet is expected to feature drivers from Cherokee, Shawnee,
Lenape, Triton, Highland, Washington Township and Eastern high schools, as well
as those enrolled in automotive courses at Camden County College.

The Cherokee High Racing Association may not be the school's most popular club,
but it is certainly one of the most unusual.

For starters, there's the club car, a 1968 Chevy Camaro with its distinctive
"CHRA" logo in brown and orange, Cherokee's colors, on each door.

Club members stage car shows and other fund-raisers to buy parts for the Camaro
so John Fitzpatrick, an automotive teacher at the Marlton high school and the
club's adviser, can race it at Atco.

Club members are also restoring an '85 Mustang, with an engine from a Lincoln
Mark VII, which Cherokee principal Linda Rohrer promises to race when the meets
resume in March.

"I want to be known as a principal who gets out there and tries something new,"
she said.

Then there are members such as senior Jeremy Castle, 19, whose best time in his
black '95 Camaro is 13.0 seconds at the high school meets.

"It's something I really enjoy doing," said Castle of his drag-racing career.
"In fact, everyone in my family is into cars."

And there are members such as Adam Rapp, 19, a senior who races his '88 Mustang
GT, with purple and white racing stripes.

His best time: 13.9 seconds.

"It's fun, and it's legal," Rapp said. "And nothing beats the thrill of beating
your own time."

Or beating Fitzpatrick, who started the club eight years ago as a way to
rejuvenate the school's automotive program.

Interest in the subject had slipped to the point where Donald Stecher, then the
principal of Cherokee, was ready to throw automotive repair onto the curriculum
scrap heap. In desperation, he called Fitzpatrick, then a teacher at the
Gloucester County Special Services School District, and asked him to resuscitate
the program.

Nine years later, four double-block automotive courses are offered, and every
seat - 80 of them - is taken. The courses are so popular, Rohrer had to recruit
wood-shop teacher Charlie Markovitz to help teach.

"We're probably the only high school in the region, if not the state, that owns
not one but two drag-racing cars," Rohrer said. "And Fitz is a teacher who gets
the best out of his students. He also offers them something that really grabs
their interest."

What Fitzpatrick offered to students was drag racing - with himself as the drag
racer and students as the pit crew.

During the winter, students take the car apart, repair it, and add new equipment
for spring racing. This year, they are also spending about $5,000 to transform
the Mustang, donated to the school, into a drag racer.

Fitzpatrick's drag racing as a teenager was limited to a few forays on the
streets of Camden, and he never pictured himself continuing it as an adult.

"But if drag racing would increase enrollment, I was willing to do it," said
Fitzpatrick, 52, who became the school's official drag racer because school
rules prohibited students from racing school-owned vehicles.

Another reason he started the club was to give some students a niche of their
own.

"Cherokee is known as a jock school, and if you're not a jock, you may not feel
like you're a part of Cherokee," Fitzpatrick said. "With a racing club like
ours, a student who is interested in cars can find a real niche and a sense of
belonging."

When the raceway started offering monthly racing challenges for high school
students, some members of the Cherokee association left the pit crew and
Fitzpatrick's cheering gallery to race their own cars.

Markovitz and Dave Haney, a photography teacher at Cherokee, now join
Fitzpatrick in driving the '68 Camaro.

When the school owned a '78 Camaro, the best Fitzpatrick could do on the
quarter-mile stretch at Atco was 98 m.p.h. in 13 seconds, but now that he's
driving the '68 Camaro, with a more powerful engine, his best time is 128 m.p.h.
in 10.4 seconds.

"I'm getting old," Fitzpatrick said. "My reaction time isn't as good."

Come March, Gail Donnelly, Cherokee's vocational supervisor, will join Rohrer
and other female staffers behind the wheel of the Mustang.

"We want something that goes a little slower," said Donnelly of the Mustang,
which Fitzpatrick promises will not be as fast a ride as the '68 Camaro. "I just
want to make it to the finish line."

So do the students - they just want to do it faster.

Contact Louise Harbach at 856-779-3861 or lharbach@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                              June 11, 2004 Friday
                                  City Edition

Clown peddles laughter during high-wire act

BYLINE: Sandi Davis, Entertainment Writer

SECTION: WEEKEND I; Pg. 9D

LENGTH: 725 words


Bello Nock is a mesmerizing kind of guy.

During a performance of Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus, he'll be all
over -- and above -- the three rings during his daredevil performances laced
with a clown's humor.

The most amazing thing is that the eight inches of red hair standing at
attention on top of his head never moves.

You can see him seemingly defy gravity as he leaps over five elephants, bungee
jumps during a trapeze act and rides a 4-by-6-inch bicycle on the high wire, all
with a smile on his face but not much movement from that head of hair.

"My family has circus performers in it back to 1772," he said. "We were always
daredevils. My father invented the sway pole. My great-great grandmother was a
pianist for Charlie Chaplin while he was in vaudeville."

Baby boomers might have seen his father, Eugen. He did the sway pole act during
the "Ed Sullivan Show" when the Beatles made their second appearance on the
variety show.

Nock made his professional debut at age 6, playing Michael Darling in a
production of "Peter Pan." He was a clown by the time he was 9.

At 35, Bello's clown paint has changed, but his hair hasn't changed since he was
a teen.

"I found myself when I found I could make people laugh," he said. "I'm not a
pie-in-the-face or dropped-pants clown. I wanted to be different. My father knew
Evel Knievel. Chances are, you see your parents loving what they do, you want to
learn to do it, too."

It took six months for him to learn to ride the tiny bicycle. He started riding
it on the ground, then on a low wire and worked his way up to his current ride
on the high wire.

Bello worked his way to a starring role in the 133rd edition of Ringling Bros.
and Barnum & Bailey Circus via a few years at the park that eventually became
Dollywood in Tennessee, movie stunt work, star of the Big Apple Circus in New
York City, an act called Bello and Friends, and some other circuses and theme
parks.

His wife and three children -- a son and two daughters -- travel with him in
their mobile home.

"I met my wife when I was in the third grade, and we've been married 16 years,"
he said. "I don't want our children to feel obligated to do what I do, but I
teach them every aspect of this business because they'll be equipped with great
life skills."

The family will be spending their off time in a new house in Sarasota, Fla.,
with all kinds of circus equipment in the back yard.

"It's like a small theme park," he said. "It has a natural pool, and a round
pool that ranges from 9 to 12 feet deep. Three trampolines are lined up so you
can bounce on each one and into the deep pool. That deep pool will have a high
dive on it, and you can either jump into the water or an airbag on the other
side.

"I've planned to have bungee towers and a globe of death, so I can practice when
I need to."

He doesn't get home that much, and it's one reason he built the house in
Florida.

"It's summer year round there, and you've never seen a man cut the grass with a
bigger smile," he said. "I mow it every day I'm home.

Nock says while his part of the circus is exciting and fun, it's not the only
thing that way at the circus.

This year, the big cats, trained by Mark Oliver Gebel, will have microphones on
their stands inside the cage, so you'll hear the interplay between the cats and
Gebel.

The five Torres Brothers climb inside the circus' own Globe of Death with five
motorcycles, missing each other by inches as they circle inside the steel ball.

The Sky Surfers take everything -- including a trampoline -- off the ground for
their act, and the grand finale is a man -- on fire -- shot from a cannon as
"Bailey's Comet."

Ticketholders can come to the Ford Center an hour before showtime and stand in
the center ring during the "Three Ring Adventure" hosted by Andre McClain and
his horse Jonah. You can learn to blow big bubbles and do rope tricks, try on
clown costumes and have fun.

Ticketholders can come 90 minutes before the show at the Cox Center for the
Ringling Bros. Animal Open House.

Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus

Where: Ford Center.

When: 7:30 p.m. today; 11:30 a.m., 3:30 p.m. and 7:30 p.m. Saturday; 1 and 5
p.m. Sunday

Tickets: From $8-$50 tonight, then $10-$50 per show. Available at Ford Center
box office, participating Oklahoma City and Tulsa area Homeland stores, by
calling (800) 511-1552 or online at www.tickets.com.

Information: 602-8700.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bello Nock

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                   November 17, 2002 Sunday N-CAMDEN EDITION

Months-long high school competition will peak Friday at Atco Raceway. Winning
will lead to nationals. Drag-racing challenge has motors running

BYLINE: By Louise Harbach; Inquirer Suburban Staff

SECTION: NEIGHBORS CHERRY HILL; Pg. L03

LENGTH: 923 words


Since March, high school drag-race enthusiasts have been vying for the chance to
compete in a national championship. On Friday at Atco Raceway, the quarter-mile
runs will determine who gets to go.

With contestants racing at speeds reaching 125 m.p.h. and above, their friends
cheering them from cars parked along the fence line, "it's a very festive
occasion," said Joe Sway Jr., general manager of the raceway.

"There's a lot of camaraderie and a lot of real friendships among students going
to different high schools," he said of Atco's High School Challenge, a series of
drag-racing meets, which began in March and will end Friday.

The raceway, Sway said, started the races for high school students and their
teachers about three years ago because of a growing interest in the sport and a
desire to keep students from racing on the streets.

"In a controlled place like this, it's a lot safer, and I think a lot more fun
for the kids because they can bring all their friends along to support them,"
Sway said.

The eighth and final meet is expected to feature drivers from Cherokee, Shawnee,
Lenape, Triton, Highland, Washington Township and Eastern high schools, as well
as those enrolled in automotive courses at Camden County College.

The Cherokee High Racing Association may not be the school's most popular club,
but it is certainly one of the most unusual.

For starters, there's the club car, a 1968 Chevy Camaro with its distinctive
"CHRA" logo in brown and orange, Cherokee's colors, on each door.

Club members stage car shows and other fund-raisers to buy parts for the Camaro
so John Fitzpatrick, an automotive teacher at the Marlton high school and the
club's adviser, can race it at Atco.

Club members are also restoring an '85 Mustang, with an engine from a Lincoln
Mark VII, which Cherokee principal Linda Rohrer promises to race when the meets
resume in March.

"I want to be known as a principal who gets out there and tries something new,"
she said.

Then there are members such as senior Jeremy Castle, 19, whose best time in his
black '95 Camaro is 13.0 seconds at the high school meets.

"It's something I really enjoy doing," said Castle of his drag-racing career.
"In fact, everyone in my family is into cars."

And there are members such as Adam Rapp, 19, a senior who races his '88 Mustang
GT, with purple and white racing stripes.

His best time: 13.9 seconds.

"It's fun, and it's legal," Rapp said. "And nothing beats the thrill of beating
your own time."

Or beating Fitzpatrick, who started the club eight years ago as a way to
rejuvenate the school's automotive program.

Interest in the subject had slipped to the point where Donald Stecher, then the
principal of Cherokee, was ready to throw automotive repair onto the curriculum
scrap heap. In desperation, he called Fitzpatrick, then a teacher at the
Gloucester County Special Services School District, and asked him to resuscitate
the program.

Nine years later, four double-block automotive courses are offered, and every
seat - 80 of them - is taken. The courses are so popular, Rohrer had to recruit
wood-shop teacher Charlie Markovitz to help teach.

"We're probably the only high school in the region, if not the state, that owns
not one but two drag-racing cars," Rohrer said. "And Fitz is a teacher who gets
the best out of his students. He also offers them something that really grabs
their interest."

What Fitzpatrick offered to students was drag racing - with himself as the drag
racer and students as the pit crew.

During the winter, students take the car apart, repair it, and add new equipment
for spring racing. This year, they are also spending about $5,000 to transform
the Mustang, donated to the school, into a drag racer.

Fitzpatrick's drag racing as a teenager was limited to a few forays on the
streets of Camden, and he never pictured himself continuing it as an adult.

"But if drag racing would increase enrollment, I was willing to do it," said
Fitzpatrick, 52, who became the school's official drag racer because school
rules prohibited students from racing school-owned vehicles.

Another reason he started the club was to give some students a niche of their
own.

"Cherokee is known as a jock school, and if you're not a jock, you may not feel
like you're a part of Cherokee," Fitzpatrick said. "With a racing club like
ours, a student who is interested in cars can find a real niche and a sense of
belonging."

When the raceway started offering monthly racing challenges for high school
students, some members of the Cherokee association left the pit crew and
Fitzpatrick's cheering gallery to race their own cars.

Markovitz and Dave Haney, a photography teacher at Cherokee, now join
Fitzpatrick in driving the '68 Camaro.

When the school owned a '78 Camaro, the best Fitzpatrick could do on the
quarter-mile stretch at Atco was 98 m.p.h. in 13 seconds, but now that he's
driving the '68 Camaro, with a more powerful engine, his best time is 128 m.p.h.
in 10.4 seconds.

"I'm getting old," Fitzpatrick said. "My reaction time isn't as good."

Come March, Gail Donnelly, Cherokee's vocational supervisor, will join Rohrer
and other female staffers behind the wheel of the Mustang.

"We want something that goes a little slower," said Donnelly of the Mustang,
which Fitzpatrick promises will not be as fast a ride as the '68 Camaro. "I just
want to make it to the finish line."

So do the students - they just want to do it faster.

Contact Louise Harbach at 856-779-3861 or lharbach@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Alaska Journal of Commerce

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 28, 2008 Sunday

The Bookworm Sez: Read this to find ideas to sway habits

BYLINE: Terri Schlichenmeyer, Alaska Journal of Commerce, Anchorage

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 668 words


Sep. 28--Editor's note: The Bookworm Sez is a new feature to the Alaska Journal
of Commerce. Writer Terri Schlichenmeyer, of Wisconsin, offers reviews of a
variety of books every month. The Journal will run her reviews on books focusing
on business on the second and fourth issues of each month.

You're about to enter a building. You push the door, but nothing happens. You
push again. You look straight at a sign that says "PULL," but you push one more
time.

The batteries on the remote control are dead, but you jam on the buttons a
little harder while watching television, hoping the channels will change anyhow.

You meet someone who doesn't speak your language. You know they won't understand
anything you say, but maybe yelling and enunciating will help.

Why do we continue to follow irrational behavior when contrary evidence is
clearly in front of us? In the new book "Sway: The Irresistible Pull of
Irrational Behavior" by Ori Brafman and Rom Brafman, you'll see how unrelated
happenings explain the strangest actions.

You're in control of your business and your life. Nothing can dissuade you from
any decision you think is righte right? According to Brafman and Brafman, you
can make decisions, but they might not be the best ones. Despite your
convictions, you may fall victim to several different kinds of what they call "
sway." Briefly, it's when your beliefs and commitments overrule rationality.

Do you ever buy a jumbo-size product to save a few pennies, even when the
regular size would've been enough? The authors call that loss aversion: people
tend to overreact to loss, particularly money. If you bought the smaller, more
manageable size, you might've perceived a "loss" of money. The same phenomena is
similarly seen when investors are unwilling to let go of an "I'll hold off
selling until the market comes back" mode of thinking, and lose their fortunes
as the stock tanks.

Which brings us to the second sway: commitment. Stick with a strategy too long,
and it's hard to let it go, no matter how wrong it may be. The authors show how
that happens in sports and in business.

Value attrition (if something's free, it's less valuable); a diagnosis bias (the
propensity to label people and situations, a bad idea in interviews), and
relying on arbitrary information all sway thinking and influence decisions, good
and bad.

But that's not all. Sway can be used on others, too. One word can completely
change someone's perception. Culture can influence sway, as can being the lone
voice of dissent. We can even sway others to match our beliefs about them.

I love a book that makes me think.

From the impressions we get from listening to phone conversations, to proof that
a swinging bridge is an aphrodisiac, "Sway: The Irresistible Pull of Irrational
Behavior" is irresistible reading. Authors Ori Brafman and Rom Brafman start
each chapter with a thought and meander through to make their point, poking and
delighting your brain the entire way.

It's almost impossible to not see yourself in this book somewhere. It's almost
impossible not to change your behavior. And it's almost impossible to put this
book down once you start it.

In business and in life, you owe it to yourself to think smart. Start by picking
up this book. "Sway" is way fascinating.

Terri Schlichenmeyer is the author of The Bookworm Sez, which is published in
more than 200 newspapers and 50 magazines throughout the U.S. and Canada. The
Bookworm Sez is protected by copyright and may not be reprinted or distributed
without permission. Schlichenmeyer may be reached at bookwormsez@yahoo.com

To see more of the Alaska Journal of Commerce, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.alaskajournal.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Alaska Journal of
Commerce, Anchorage Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080928-JA-The-Bookworm-Sez-Read-this-to-find-ideas-to-sway-habits-0928

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JA


                   Copyright 2008 Alaska Journal of Commerce


                              146 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                               Equal-i-zer Hitch

                               533 South 500 West
                                Provo,  UT 84601
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (801) 377-9599
URL: www.equalizerhitch.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Everything about the Equal-i-zerÂ® is designed to make trailer towing easier
for the customer, so that driving stays a pleasure. Intricate moves, and turns
can be made with more control. And the Equal-i-zerÂ®'s unique design allows the
4-Point Sway Controlâ¢ system to work with most surge brakes.  How does the
Equal-i-zerÂ® hitch hook-up?  With the Equal-i-zerÂ®, the hitching process is
very easy. Our unique trailer brackets eliminate the need to work with chains
normally associated with weight distribution. In a nutshell there are three
steps to hitch up:   Couple the trailer onto the hitch ball. Use the tongue jack
or the included snap-up lever to place arms onto the sway control brackets
Insert retaining pins.   From the first time you back-up to couple it, you'll
see how quick and simple to use the Equal-i-zerÂ® hitch is. It installs on any
standard two-inch receiver hitch. Then it can be coupled at any angle. Getting
on the road with 4-Point Sway Controlâ¢ doesn't get much easier.  How does
Equal-i-zerÂ® hitch reduce trailer sway?  The Equal-i-zerÂ® hitch reduces
trailer sway through the 4-Point Sway Controlâ¢ friction system built directly
into the hitch. When towing with an Equal-i-zerÂ® brand hitch, towing hazards
such as cross winds, passing trucks, and quick lane changes can be handled
better. Only the Equal-i-zerÂ® hitch has the power of 4-Point Sway Controlâ¢.
How long does it take to install an Equal-i-zerÂ® hitch?  The initial
installation of the Equal-i-ze

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              147 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Irish News

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

Sport - McCloskey Verdict

SECTION: Pg. 56

LENGTH: 292 words


Paul McCloskey has Frampton winning in Manchester, but warns that Quigg is
capable of tearing up the script on fight night.

If it was down to pure boxing ability there'd only be one winner for 'Dudey' but
he says one punch could sway the fight either way.

"As the fight gets closer you could sway each way," he said.

"I think Carl is a better boxer, he has every department covered but as the
fight gets closer, and if you're looking at the recent performances, you have to
say that Quigg has a chance.

"At the end of the day Quigg is a world champion, he's unbeaten and the way he
dispatched Kiko (Martinez) that time he definitely has a chance.

"I think Carl has him covered on natural ability, skill, movement and technique
but that doesn't guarantee you the victory in the fight. It's about on the night
- one punch can make it sway at any time. "A good punch could turn it."

McCloskey doesn't see the fight going the distance and again he doesn't dismiss
Quigg chances.

"If it's a boxing match and it's down to boxing skills Carl beats him ok," he
said.

"But Quigg is a good boxer and a good body puncher, he's resilient, he has a
high workrate, his fitness is unreal. So is Carl's, but to me it's a very evenly
matched fight but if you were putting a gun to my head I'd say 'Frampton
definitely'.

"I think he's all-round a better boxer and I could see him winning on points but
I could also see him winning by a knockout.

"You could look at Quigg winning by a knockout too the way he went in his last
fight, and I think it's going to be such an explosive night with the whole
build-up I don't think it's going to go 12 rounds.

"I think there'll be a stoppage for Carl and it might by late - but then again,
once punch and it could be a first round knockout."

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             March 13, 2009 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Contemporary realism's day in the sun Museum of Outdoor Arts and a local gallery
give prominence to the often-marginalized genre

BYLINE: Kyle MacMillan Denver Post Fine Arts Critic

SECTION: Pg. D-14

LENGTH: 908 words


Although representational artists such as Eric Fischl, Alex Katz, Alfred Leslie
and Philip Pearlstein have gained widespread acclaim

in recent decades, realism in general has held little sway in the art world.

Even more marginalized is what has come to be known as "contemporary realism,"
an amorphous term that can loosely be defined as painting and drawing executed
in the manner of the Old Masters.

"Object Project," an exhibition on view through May 23 at the Museum of Outdoor
Arts in Englewood, and a related offering at Gallery 1261 cast attention on this
oft-ignored realm and raises renewed questions about its relevance.

The popular version of art history holds that impressionism triumphed over the
tired salon or academic styles that had held sway for centuries, but traditional
realism did not vanish even if it fell out the spotlight.

Despite the many upheavals in the art world since, it has persevered. And with
the resurgence in painting in the last decade and a revival of interest in such
overlooked modern realists as Fairfield Porter, the approach has reasserted
itself.

Many of these new realists, whether members of Germany's
socialist-realist-influenced New Leipzig School or those working in China or
others, draw on a range of influences and consciously respond to trends in the
contemporary art world.

Working concurrently are the contemporary realists, who, while not entirely
ignoring what has happened in modern and contemporary art, look to earlier
periods for their primary inspiration.

Contemporary realism - and such subsets as super-realism and hyper-realism -
emerged in the 1960s and '70s and has remained a force since. In June 1996, Art
& Auction magazine ran a cover story titled "Don't Look Now: The New Realism."

The artists in this realm have gained a substantial following among
traditionalists who prefer art in which the subject matter is immediately
identifiable and old-fashioned notions of technique still count for something.

But if they have a popular following, most are largely ignored by curators and
critics, who see this work as having little relevance to the central issues of
contemporary art, which is often more about questioning traditional art
practices than championing them.

In 1993, the Denver Art Museum formed the Contemporary Realism Group, which has
supported the acquisition of such works. But it is noteworthy that the group is
housed in the museum's Petrie Institute of Western American Art and is
segregated from the institution's other contemporary holdings.

An exhibition titled "Contemporary American Realist Drawings" was shown at the
Art Institute of Chicago in 1999-2000. But most such offerings tend to take
place at smaller institutions that have made contemporary realism a priority.

Among them is the Evansville (Ind.) Museum of Arts, History & Science, which
served as the host institution for "Object Project" and oversaw a subsequent
four-city tour, which is ending in Englewood.

The exhibition, which was spearheaded by artists Scott Fraser of Longmont and
Robert C. Jackson of Kennett Square, Pa., showcases examples by 15 of the
country's top contemporary realists.

Adding interest is the unusual concept behind "Object Project." Rather than just
present an assortment of recent works, the artists agreed to create one or two
major pieces for the exhibition that would somehow incorporate five everyday
objects - a moth, bone, mirror, drinking glass and ball of string.

In an obvious desire not to be outshone, all the artists deliver their A game.
Among the standouts is Fraser, whose still-life, "Three Way Vanitas" (2006),
with its complex interplay of offsetting reflections, is a virtuosic tour de
force.

Equally stunning are Will Wilson's two canvases, which possess the pristine look
of Dutch Old-Master still-lifes, and it is impossible to ignore the impeccable
detail of Skip Steinworth's graphite drawings, such as "Think - Inside the Box"
(2007).

As the show's stylistic range makes clear, however, contemporary realism is a
more porous label than might be expected. Nancy Switzer of Denver, for example,
seems almost out of place with her semi-abstract, exuberantly textured canvases.

Viewers who enjoy "Object Project" and want to see more by these artists can
visit the Golden Triangle's Gallery 1261, which specializes in contemporary
realism and is offering further examples by each of the 15 participants.

Such work will never appeal to fans of vanguard contemporary art. But these two
exhibitions offer a prime opportunity to set aside preconceptions and to give
this artistic microcosm a fresh look.

Whatever else can be said about contemporary realism, the technique that goes
into much of it is amazing.

Kyle MacMillan: 303-954-1675

or kmacmillan@denverpost.com

----------------------------------------

"object project."Art. Museum of Outdoor Arts, Second Floor, Englewood Civic
Center, 1000 Englewood Parkway. An exhibition of paintings and drawings by 15
nationally known contemporary realists, all based around five objects - a moth,
bone, mirror, water glass and ball of string. Through May 23. 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Mondays through Thursdays and 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Fridays. Free. 303-806-0444 or
moaonline.org

"beyond the object project." Art. Gallery 1261, 1261 Delaware St. An exhibition
with supplementary examples by the 15 artists participating in "Object Project."
Through March 21. 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.

Tuesdays through Saturdays. Free. 303-571-1261 or gallery1261.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday

Houlton native eliminated from 'America's Got Talent' as death-defying stunt
fails to impress judges

BYLINE: Aimee Thibodeau BDN Staff

LENGTH: 260 words


Houlton native Sam Johnson was eliminated Tuesday night from the "America's Got
Talent" reality TV competition.


Johnson, 34, had hinted in an interview late last week that his performance in
week five of the reality show competition would be the most dangerous he'd
performed for the cameras to date.


Outside New York City's famed Radio City Music Hall, Johnson climbed atop an
80-foot sway pole, similar to the device on which he performed his initial
audition for the show. He put his feet in stirrup-like holders atop the pole and
waved to the crowd below as the pole swayed in the wind. Then, Johnson flipped
upside down, slid his foot through a rope noose and the sway pole suddenly
dropped like a pendulum, taking Johnson with it.


But it wasn't enough to move the 1998 Houlton High School graduate forward in
the competition.


On his first appearance, Johnson climbed atop an 80-foot sway pole set up
outside the show's studios, and then, completely untethered, did a handstand.
For his second performance, he doused his signature top hat with gasoline and
lit it on fire, before pouring gasoline over his head, and putting the hat back
on. He then climbed up onto a slack line stretched across the stage, proceeded
to mount a unicycle and then juggled three batons, which also were on fire.


But three of the four judges -- Heidi Klum was the exception -- weren't
convinced that viewers will think Johnson's more recent act was dangerous enough
to vote him through to the next round, and America agreed.


America's Got Talent continues at 9 p.m. next Tuesday on NBC.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Bangor Daily News


                              150 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 15, 2012 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Sway the skeptics

BYLINE: The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 204 words


May 15--Annistonians don't have to join the ecotourism party that is the Chief
Ladiga Trail. If they want to sit this one out, they have that prerogative.

But what a colossal mistake that would be. Countless other towns in Alabama and
Georgia already get it.

Why can't Anniston?

Granted, we're pleased beyond belief that a recent $50,000 grant has reopened
the possibility that Anniston won't blow this opportunity.

Likewise, we understand this isn't as easy as snapping our collective fingers
and saying, "Build it and the cyclists will come."

It only.

Anniston doesn't own the land for the trail extension between Weaver and the
multi-modal station, and property owners would have to agree to sell some of
their land to make the trail possible.

Expect negotiations between the city and property owners to be difficult. In
other words, quintessentially Anniston.

But, as Anniston City Manager told The Star the other day, "If we don't do it,
we don't get it," he said.

What this project needs is a visionary salesman, someone who can sway skepticts.
In Anniston, who could that be?

___ (c)2012 The Anniston Star (Anniston, Ala.) Visit The Anniston Star
(Anniston, Ala.) at www.annistonstar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120515-AO-EDITORIAL-Sway-the-skeptics-0515-20120515

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2012 The Anniston Star


                              151 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                     March 10, 2000, Friday, Final Edition

The Sway Of Ballet

Sarah Kaufman , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. N30

LENGTH: 486 words



LUCY Bowen McCauley calls herself "a total bunhead," having studied ballet for
the bulk of her youth and having danced with the Joffrey Concert Group (the
student arm of the Joffrey Ballet). Yet in her career as one of Washington's
most active choreographers, she has worked strictly in a contemporary dance
vein. In its four years of existence, Bowen McCauley Dance has become known for
the quirkiness, offbeat humor and exuberantly uncodified movement vocabulary of
its energetic founder.

Until now, when she's been visited by the urge to make a classically based
ballet, "I've been itching to do a pointe piece," McCauley says. "I just didn't
want to pay for pointe shoes"--those pricey satin torture chambers so emblematic
of ballet. Yet she gave in to her longing in her new work, "Hold Sway," created
for three women. The work will be featured on Bowen McCauley Dance's upcoming
program, which includes another premiere (yet to be titled), as well as two
other pieces: "Rapture," accompanied by Brahms, and the comic "Foot Fetish."

"Hold Sway," set to music by the little-known baroque composer Giovanni
Pandolfi, is McCauley's first piece incorporating ballet steps performed on
pointe, or on the tips of the toes. At $ 60 for a pair of pointe shoes--with
fresh pairs needed for rehearsals and performance--the added cost is not simply
froufrou for the young ensemble.

But McCauley is nothing if not resourceful. The business of buying and selling
choreography is a delicate one--few dance makers can hope to make money off such
an ephemeral and intangible product as a pattern of steps set to music. But
McCauley, who doesn't lack moxie, has been fortunate. "I've started selling
works, which is cool," she says. "It's a new level for me." The Manassas Dance
Company will perform one of her works, as will the Kimberly Mackin Dance Company
in Baltimore and D.C.'s CityDance Ensemble.

Another financial godsend has been McCauley's work with the U.S. women's
gymnastic team. Several years ago, former Olympic gymnast--and Maryland
native--Dominique Dawes wandered into McCauley's stretch class at Bethesda's
Maryland Youth Ballet (where McCauley teaches several times a week). Dawes was
so impressed with McCauley's techniques for increasing flexibility that she
spread the word among her colleagues. Not long ago, McCauley became a trainer
for the Olympic team. She hopes to accompany the team to the Olympic Games in
Australia this summer.

But the world of sports can be as fickle as the world of the performing arts,
and McCauley is not counting on her plane ticket yet.

"The way I see it," says McCauley, "my life is pretty complete either way."


BOWEN MCCAULEY DANCE -- Performing Saturday at 7:30 p.m. at Gunston Theater One,
2700 South Lang St., Arlington. $ 15-$ 20 (the company reports discount advance
tickets are available online at www.bmd.com). Call 703/524-4641.


LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              152 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                            October 26, 2003 Sunday

News in brief

BYLINE: AP, Melissa Radler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 407 words


US probing professor for Hamas ties

JUPITER, Florida (AP) - The State Department is investigating allegations by
Jerusalem Post columnist Daniel Pipes, who heads the Philadelphia-based Middle
East Forum, that a visiting professor at Florida Atlantic University's Honors
College is linked with Hamas, the school said Saturday.

Mustafa Abu Sway, a Fulbright professor, was accused of ties to Hamas in an
opinion piece published last week by Pipes and Asaf Romirowsky. Abu Sway, also
an associate professor at the Islamic Research Center of Al-Quds University in
Jerusalem, has denied the allegations.

Baby girl born to Syrian president

DAMASCUS (AP) - Syrian President Bashar Assad's wife, Asma Akhras, has given
birth to a baby girl, their second child, a relative said Saturday. The relative
declined to give the name of the girl, who was born about 20 days ago. No
mention of the birth has been made in Syria's state- controlled media. Syrian
media outlets reported only briefly on Assad's marriage to Akhras last December
and did not publish photographs of the bride. The couple's first child, a son,
was born December 4, 2001, and named Hafez, after his grandfather, the late
president Hafez Assad, who died in June 2000.

Group investigates US Jewry survey

NEW YORK - The 2000-2001 National Jewish Population Survey (NJPS), which found a
shrinking, aging, and intermarrying US Jewish population, is set to come under
intense examination by scholars at Brandeis University and Hebrew College in
Boston. A two-day conference bringing academics and NJPS officials together to
take a closer look at the $6 million survey, which has been criticized in some
Jewish and Israeli media outlets on the basis of its methodology, is to begin
Sunday. * Melissa Radler

New Yorkers protest Mahathir

NEW YORK - Around 75 New Yorkers, with Israeli flags and signs reading "Russian
Jews hate hatred" in tow, gathered outside the Malaysian Consulate Thursday to
protest against Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad's anti- Semitic remarks at an
international Islamic summit recently. The demonstration, organized by Russian
Americans for Israel, included loud booing at the mention of Russian President
Vladimir Putin, who attended the summit. World leaders who stood by as Mahathir
accused the Jews of ruling the world, Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-NY) told the
demonstration, "are sending a message to their citizens that voicing similar
opinions is acceptable." * Melissa Radler

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                              May 7, 2009 Thursday

Talking Back to Bill Gates: Do His Grants Matter?

BYLINE: Ian Wilhelm

SECTION: MANAGING; Pg. 36 Vol. 21 No. 14

LENGTH: 955 words

DATELINE: Washington


During a recent morning in the Tenleytown neighborhood here, about 700 students
at Woodrow Wilson High School meandered into an auditorium to be part of an
unusual experiment in philanthropy.

Slowly finding their seats, the rowdy students settled down as a short video of
the MTV celebrity Sway appeared on the pull-down movie screen at the front of
the room.

Sway, a hip-hop musician and correspondent for MTV News, explained that the
billionaire Bill Gates had asked the teenagers to assemble here today.

The Microsoft co-founder and his foundation were trying to find out what
students think of their high school.

"They want, actually it's more like they need, your feedback," said Sway.

Indeed, the gathering was part of the so-called YouthTruth Survey, a national
attempt by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, in Seattle, to do what few grant
makers have tried in any systematic way: ask beneficiaries whether a
foundation's approach to giving is making a difference in their lives.

Together with the Center for Effective Philanthropy, a nonprofit research group
in Cambridge, Mass., that is best known for its surveys of nonprofit grant
recipients, the Gates foundation this year polled 5,400 students at 20 schools
across the country, in places where it has made grants to increase graduation
rates and help graduates better prepare for college.

While YouthTruth involves only a few of the 2,000 high schools that Gates has
worked with, it is an experiment to find out if the foundation can gather
feedback that it can use to improve both American education and its own
operations, says Fay Twersky, director of impact planning and improvement.

"This was a way for us to think about high-school students as, in a sense,
consumers of the products we're investing in and really listen to their voices
and their experiences," she says. Gates wanted to know: "What was working well
for them, what wasn't working so well, what could be improved in the high-school
experience?"

While foundations have done surveys before of grantees and the populations they
want to assist, Ms. Twersky says YouthTruth seeks to create more quantitative
results: "We wanted to add more rigor to the process."

Keep It Interesting

Key to the effort, which cost $1.2-million, was making sure the students didn't
simply dismiss the survey as a boring assignment.

At Wilson, as with other schools, Gates and the Center for Effective
Philanthropy, which organized the YouthTruth effort, hoped that Sway and the
slick MTV-produced video would attract the teenagers' attention, then, to reel
them in further, they would get a chance to give instantaneous feedback.

With equipment and presenters from AmericaSpeaks, a nonprofit group that
organizes town-hall-style meetings to discuss social issues, the students used
small wireless devices to respond to several questions about their lives and
studies. The answers were displayed on the movie screen within a few seconds.

For instance, the teenagers were asked, "How do you feel about the size of your
high school?" The majority, 68 percent, picked option three, "It's just about
right."

The process was chaotic, with students shouting out answers and often trying to
push buttons on their neighbors' remotes. But the instant-polling responses were
actually only an exercise and did capture their interest.

The real survey, taken in computer labs after the assembly, included questions
like:

* Have you ever seriously considered dropping out of high school?

* What obstacles, like drugs, crime, or family responsibilities, make it
difficult for you to perform well in your studies?

* How many of your teachers try to be fair, care if you are really learning, or
make an effort to understand what life is like for their students outside of the
school?

"These are to provoke and keep them thinking," says Valerie Threlfall, who runs
YouthTruth for the Center for Effective Philanthropy and directs the group's
West Coast office, in San Francisco.

'Valuable Tool'

YouthTruth data collection ended this year, and Ms. Threlfall met with
principals last month at the Gates headquarters, in Seattle, to discuss the
findings. Each school official received a report on his or her students' views
and were able to compare the responses with those of the other 19 schools.

Jay Tyus, principal of a high school in Mabton, Wash., who attended the meeting,
says the survey was a "very valuable tool for us."

He was mildly surprised to see that the survey showed that some students were
unaware of the tutoring services the school offers. "It's helping me reframe how
we identify students [who need academic assistance] and give them information
they need to get to our different programs to support them," he says.

For Gates, the feedback won't have an immediate effect on its education grant
making. Indeed, the foundation had promised the school principals that it would
not use the YouthTruth results to justify cuts or other big changes in its
grants to school districts.

But Ms. Twersky says YouthTruth may pave the way for other surveys of students
or of beneficiaries of Gates's global-health and international-development
programs.

The grant maker and the center will publish a report this summer outlining the
initial effort's successes and failures and whether YouthTruth can be duplicated
on a bigger scale. The report will be made public so other grant makers can
consider similar questionnaires for their beneficiaries.

While it remains unclear what will come of YouthTruth, Ms. Threlfall is
optimistic.

"It really lays the groundwork for the foundation community to consider a great
test case on how you can collect this kind of feedback, and that it's viable to
do this in a way," she says. "It starts a dialogue about the approach."

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday

Kansas: Human Performance Lab at WSU sparks innovation

LENGTH: 647  words

DATELINE: Topeka


Wichita State University, The State of Kansas has issued the following news
release:

Jeremy Patterson believes it's important to let students be the leaders in his
Human Performance Laboratory at Wichita State University.

And while that may sometimes be an unpopular view in academia, he said, it has
produced some impressive results, most notably the creation and collaboration on
two new smartphone apps that are now being used in the sports industry.

The lab, which was recently renovated and expanded, is unique in that it is a
shared research and teaching space for the faculty and students in the
Department of Human Performance Studies.

Instead of having students study the faculty's specialized degree track, they
can opt to pursue a project or niche that suits their interests, and the faculty
does what they can to make the students experts on that topic.

It's a single lab that produces research outcomes on many different topics.

Patterson said this leads to a lot of extra work for the faculty, but the
results are rewarding.

"This is typically not the best approach to a successful career in academics,
and in the past this was something we were criticized for," Patterson said. "But
we decided early on to give the keys to the lab to the students."

Research opportunities

Patterson said it's important, as students work toward their degrees, that they
can actually do what they've been learning about. So in that way, the faculty
treats the lab as a classroom.

Students are continuously exposed to research projects, including opportunities
to work within local, state and regional companies. Many of the program's
students have gone on to become employed at those companies, Patterson said.

There is also an emphasis on internal interdisciplinary work, allowing
collaboration with other programs including bioengineering program, the human
factors psychology program, WSU's Regional Institute on Aging, and the
University of Kansas Medical Center-Wichita.

Students are even given the chance to do international work through a research
and academic relationship with Nogoya City University in Nagoya, Japan, and the
National Institute for Fitness and Sports in Kanoya, Japan, as well as studies
being conducted with colleagues from New Zealand and Spain.

Innovative environment

Many small businesses have been created by students, graduates and faculty,
ranging from fitness centers to software development to a supplement company.

And then there are the smartphone apps. SWAY Medical was developed by Chase
Curtiss, who graduated from the program in 2008. As a WSU student, Curtiss was a
graduate research assistant and ran the computer-based cognitive baseline
assessments for Shocker athletes. That experience led him to consider how
technology could improve those assessments.

His SWAY app measures athletes' balance, which can be in indicator of a
concussion. Patterson has continued to work closely with Curtiss as the app has
been approved by the FDA and become more widely used. In June, SWAY Medical
joined with ImPACT, a concussion evaluation system used in the NFL, MLB, NHL,
most universities and more that 7,000 high schools.

Although the SWAY Balance app started as a tool for concussion management, its
FDA clearance has created other medical management opportunities, which are
being researched in a collaborative study between WSU's exercise science and
bioengineering programs.

Another app to come from the Human Performance Lab is called Heart R8, which
allows any webcam-enabled computer, tablet or smartphone to accurately measure
heart rate. Heart R8 was developed by Patterson and assistant professor Jibo He.

They are in discussions with treadmill companies to get cameras built into the
control consuls.

Patterson said these are just a couple of examples of the innovative work being
done in the lab.

For further information please visit: http://www.wichita.edu/

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                              May 22, 2011 Sunday

Sway Away finishes 12th out of 14 at Preakness Stakes

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 509 words


Humboldt County's first-ever presence at the Preakness Stakes wasn't a
resounding success at Pimlico in Baltimore on Saturday.

Sway Away, a 3-year-old colt that is co-owned by a trio of Humboldt County
residents, finished 12th in the 14-horse field in the 136th running of the race.

Eureka's Cindy Olsen and McKinleyville's Glen and Betty Wallace own 33 percent
of the horse.

The majority owner, Philip Lebherz from the San Francisco Bay Area, owns 45
percent.

Shackleford, at 12-1 odds, held of a late charge to beat 2-1 favorite Animal
Kingdom. Shackleford not only won the race, but spoiled yet another Triple Crown
try.

Shackleford paid $27.20, $10.20 and $6.80. Animal Kingdom returned $4.20 and
$3.60. Third-place finisher Astrology paid $8 to show.

Animal Kingdom won the Kentucky Derby and, in that race, Schackleford led the
majority of the time until the horse ran out of gas.

Schackleford may have been an unlikely winner considering what happened before
the race even started as the horse bucked and kicked until crewman finally
shoved him into the No. 5 gate.

Less than two minutes after the gate sprang open, the nervous colt was a cool
classic winner.

The chestnut colt, who led into the stretch in the Derby two weeks ago, finished
the job, covering the 1 3-16 miles in 1:56.47.

With jockey Jesus Castanon aboard, Shackleford battled Flashpoint for the lead
through a quick opening quarter-mile of 22.69 seconds, just a fifth of a second
off the Preakness record.

They continued their duel until midway on the final turn, when Shackleford dug
in to hold off the onrushing Animal Kingdom before 107,398 fans.

"He was a little hot in the beginning, but he was able to calm down," Castanon
said. "He's a good horse and able to handle it."

It was the first victory in a Triple Crown race for Castanon and trainer Dale
Romans, a Louisville, Ky., native, who watched Shackleford finish fourth in the
Derby.

Shackleford's pre-race antics weren't unusual. He often gets nervous and sweats
excessively, not normally a good thing on a day when temperatures hit the 80s in
sunny Baltimore.

"He wasn't acting that bad. It's a hot day, so that wasn't worrying me too much.
I was more concerned at the quarter-pole if he was going to hold on," said
Romans, who had one Breeders' Cup victory and a win in the $6 million Dubai
World Cup to his credit in his long career.

Dialed In was fourth after finishing eighth in the Derby as the beaten favorite.

"They went fast enough early, but then they slowed out," trainer Nick Zito said.
"It didn't work out."

Dance City was fifth, followed by Mucho Macho Man, King Congie and Mr. Commons.
Isn't He Perfect was ninth, then came Concealed Identity, Norman Asbjornson,
Sway Away, the Baffert-trained Midnight Interlude and Flashpoint.

Preakness Order of Finish

1. Shackleford

2. Animal Kingdom

3. Astrology

4. Dialed In

5. Dance City

6. Mucho Macho Man

7. King Congie

8. Mr. Commons

9. Isn't He Perfect

10. Concealed Identity

11. Norman Asbjornson

12. Sway Away

13. Midnight Interlude

14. Flashpoint

The Associate Press contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           February 5, 1972, Saturday

SECTION: Page 31, Column 1

LENGTH: 73 words

50mph winds cause some NYC skyscraper bldgs to sway, their chandeliers swing and
their structures creak and groan; Empire State Bldg reptdly sways .25 inch in
hurricane winds; J Karp, partner in engineering firm of Farkas, Barron &
Partners, says use of lightweight partitions of plaster board makes new bldgs
less stiff and lighter than in past; illus shows sway of 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza
against background of World Trade Center tower

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: EDITOR'S NOTES OR REPLIES (BRACKETED AT END OF LETTER)

GRAPHIC: PHOTOGRAPHS

              Copyright 1972 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              157 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Bournemouth Echo

                            October 12, 2009 Monday

Sway run comes to an end

SECTION: BFA FOOTBALL (BE BFA FOOTBALL)

LENGTH: 445 words


Elliot Boylan gave Sway a first-half lead, but their unbeaten run in the Premier
Division came to an end when reigning champions Bournemouth Electric emerged 4-1
winners through Kane Daysh, Joe Kittle, Chris Keehan and an own goal.

Redlynch & Woodfalls United were on course to double their points total until
Old Oakmeadians substitute Michael Cobb struck five minutes from time to settle
the issue 1-0.

Division One leaders Poole Borough netted through Tim Porter and Sean Hebdon but
they had to settle for a 2-2 draw when Ford ngbridge Turks equalised a minute
from time to open their points account. Will Cobb and Daniel Murphy were the
Fordingbridge marksmen.

Hundred-per-cent Tuakana are the new leaders of Division Two after Lee Taylor
and Brett Woods ensured a 2-0 success against Twynham Rangers.

Bisterne United's Craig Frost (2) and Marc Jennings gave them the upper hand 3-1
against Suttoners Civil Reserves, while Jimmy Totczyk's double strike gave Sway
Reserves the edge 2-1 against Westover Reserves.

Cherry Bees hold top spot in Division Three with maximum points after just
getting the better of Suttoners Civil A 2-1.

Aaron Stacey put the leaders ahead with a brilliant first-half strike. Wayne
Evans put Suttoners on terms after the break but Matt McCrow quickly restored
Cherry Bees' advantage.

Alex Ross plundered four and Chris Booth notched a hat-trick when Stourvale
hammered Ringwood United 9-2 with Richard Alderson and Dan Excell adding one
each, while Queens Park Athletic gave Seabournes a 6-0 drubbing thanks to
Charlie Gajic (2), Chris Cox, Dan Griggs, Gary Earl and Jamie Barclay.

Burley go second in Division Four after Phil Matthews steered them to a 1-0 win
over Henleys Electric.

Chris Hardy struck twice for FC Athletico but Bournemouth UST upended them 4-2
with goals from Jon Ling, Ricky Barton, Ali Gajic and Jon Hurst.

AFC Pennington lead Division Five after Jeremy Barrett (2), Barry Ward, Tom
Brown and Alex Hall ensured a 5-2 success against previously unbeaten Mudeford
Mens Club Reserves.

Rockbourne rattled in four without reply against Griffin thanks to Leigh Elliott
(2), Tom Elkins, and Matt Cole, while Jamie Smith (2), Roki Ono and Steve Grogan
(pen) gave Chaplins a 4-1 victory over Bransgore United.

James Mullady bagged a hat-trick when Townsend Spartans walloped Fordingbridge
Turks Reserves 7-0 in Division Six with Mark Pudney (2), Adam Grigg, and Garie
Sweetland also on target.

Vienna Windows trounced Bransgore United Reserves 8-0 through Gary Cutler, Simon
Davies, Rob Pyle, an own goal and Paul Barber's four-goal blast while Mike
Thompson scored all six in Queens Park Athletic Reserves' 6-2 win over
Bournemouth Hospital.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                               September 7, 2007

Ringing In the New Year, in Cantorial Style

BYLINE:

The Sway Machinery performs at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on September 12, at
10 p.m. Go to www.swaymachinery.com for more information.

SECTION: Fast Forward; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 687 words


eremiah Lockwood stepped onto the small stage at  a dimly lit bar in Brooklyn a
few weeks ago and  immediately summoned the audience's attention  with his
unabashed gusto and fervor. He seemed a

man with a mission. His band, The Sway Machinery,

performed his arrangements of traditional cantorial  music, and Lockwood belted
out Hebrew lyrics in a soulful,  robust voice that brought to mind classic
recordings of  hazans of the Golden Age  the period between the two  World Wars.

Lockwood, who also plays guitar in the band, is the  quintessential frontman,
delivering a good dose of histrionics  and snippets of preacherlike storytelling
in between  songs. But his band mates do not, by any means, fade  into the
shadows. He is joined by an impressive group  of horn players, and most of the
songs draw in listeners  with a deep, rumbling hum and then explode with blaring
exuberance, fusing sounds of rock guitar, blues, jazz  and klezmer.

Now the band is looking toward the High Holy Days,  preparing for a show
September 12, Erev Rosh Hashanah,  at, appropriately, the historic Angel
Orensanz Foundation,  a synagogue turned art space and venue on Manhattan's
Lower East Side. The performance, Hidden Melodies  Revealed, implements the
structure of a traditional Rosh  Hashanah service and includes the debut of a
short film  created for the evening by animator Shawn Atkins, using  puppets
designed by Paul Andrejco. The film will serve  as the Torah reading, telling
the story of the Akeidah, the  Sacrifice of Isaac (usually read on the second
day of Rosh  Hashanah), and will be accompanied by live music and  narration.
According to the band's Web site, the show is  part concert, part theatrical
event.

With cantorial music as the point of inspiration, it seems  natural  almost
necessary  that The Sway Machinery  is performing on Rosh Hashanah.
Traditionally, the High  Holy Days are the time of the year when hazans really
get to shine.

The Rosh Hashanah service is almost like a recitative  where the cantor is
singing for hours, said Lockwood,  29, whose dramatic stage persona is in direct
contrast  with his soft-spoken offstage demeanor. A lot of the  repertoire we do
is from the Rosh Hashanah liturgy. This  [show] will be more focused. The
stories are put together  in a more coherent way.

Lockwood, who has a background in blues and has  performed many times alongside
Piedmont bluesman  Carolina Slim, is no stranger to the cantorial tradition. His
grandfather was Jacob Konigsberg, a legendary cantor  who had tremendous
influence over Lockwood's musical  life.

Lockwood, however, considers himself a secular Jew and  was born and raised in
New York City in a nonreligious  environment. And he feels emphatically that The
Sway  Machinery's music  and the band's upcoming show  is  not just for Jews but
for people of all backgrounds.

In my imagination, cantorial music is a tradition about  being a spokesman for
the community and about the artist  being a storyteller, he said. It's a
cultural communication.  The music is for everybody.

The band, with members who come from diverse musical  backgrounds  including
Colin Stetson on bass saxophone,  Jordan McLean on trumpet and Stuart Bogie on
tenor saxophone, all three players from the Afrobeat band  Antibalas, and Brian
Chase from the New York City band  Yeah Yeah Yeahs sitting in on drums  is
clearly not trying  to cater to one specific group. But one can't help but
imagine  that it draws a largely Jewish audience and appeals  only to non-Jews
who have the most eclectic musical taste.  The hipster 20- and 30-something
crowd at the recent  show in Brooklyn's Williamsburg section certainly had a
strong Jewish presence, but Lockwood, who seemed to  know a number of the people
who turned out that night,  was adamant that the audience was a mixed bag.

It's nonsectarian music, he said. But in New York  City there is a powerful need
for new Jewish culture, and  there are young Jews who want this and aren't
finding it.  So the word is getting out.

He added: It is for all music lovers. It has a cultural  bent, but the idea is
about great art.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IMAGE: Living Tradition:The Sway Machinery, whichperforms new
arrangements of cantorial music, isoffering a free show on Rosh Hashanah.; scott
irvine

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2007 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                            June 11, 2014 Wednesday

Summer Circus rolls into Moncton Friday

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 581 words


Metro residents can run away to the circus this weekend, with the thrills of the
big top set to entertain young and old alike.

The Summer Circus Spectacular rolls into the Moncton Coliseum on Friday for a
show starting at 7 p.m.

It will be an evening filled with clowns, jugglers, acrobats, aerialists and
exotic animals that include a black panther, baboons and camels.

Louis Leonard is the president of the Summer Circus and also ringmaster for the
show. Retired from circus performances as a wire walker, Leonard now runs the
show from a different perspective.

"We will have the Wheel of Destiny," Leonard said. "It's a big wheel that goes
up high as the arena top and rotates. We have acrobats that will do tricks
inside and outside of it."

One of those acrobats is Natalia Winn, an eighth generation circus performer
originally from Germany. The Winns were among the first in the world to ride a
motorcycle on a high wire and will be performing their signature act during the
show.

Natalia will be accompanied by brothers Hans Pete and John during the two-hour
show.

Hans Pete will attempt to ride a motorcycle on a high wire suspended 50 feet in
the air, while Natalia dangles from a trapeze and performs acrobatic stunts.

Natalia can perform in the disciplines of Silks, Trapeze, Spanish Web, Sway
poles, Wheels of destiny and Slide for Life.

During Friday night's event, Hans Pete and Natalia will climb dual sway poles to
the crow's nest on top and perform a number of acrobatic feats, including
hand-stands and swaying back and forth on the flexible poles.

There are no guy wires or safety nets below for the 50-foot free-standing sway
poles.

Hans Pete and John Winn will also perform the thrilling death defying Wheel of
Destiny which consists of motorcycles riding around inside of cages, zig zagging
next to each other at high speeds.

Natalia was born in Iowa but grew up in Sarasota, Fla., with her five brothers
and sister. She and her siblings trained and toured with their parents. She
debuted her sway pole act at the age of 13.

The acrobat and trapeze artist was home-schooled. While many children might
daydream in school of running away to the circus, away from her day job, Natalia
loved doing school work.

"I've always loved to work in my school workbooks when I was a little girl," she
said.

Natalia says being in top physical shape is a prerequisite for the demanding
feats and daredevilry of a life in the big top.

"I definitely have aches and pains at the end of a show," Natalia said. "There
are places were I hurt now which weren't there before."

Now 35, Natalia says she probably has another 10 more years in the circus and
then will move on to a second career.

"I'd like to work in the medical field, maybe as a registered nurse or a
doctor," she says."

When her young daughter Serenaty has a break from traditional school, she joins
her mother in the circus and performs with hula hoops.

"She's already showing an interest in performing," Natalia said.

The Summer Circus Spectacular is a traditional circus, and does features some
animal acts.

"The circus animals are from the Bowmanville Zoo," Leonard said, noting that
facility is recognized by Canada's Accredited Zoos and Aquariums, the leading
zoological parks and aquariums association in Canada.

CAZA promotes the welfare of animals and encourages the advancement and
improvement of zoological parks, aquariums and related animal exhibits in Canada
as humane agencies of recreation, education, conservation, and science.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Times & Transcript
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 15, 1987, Tuesday, Final Edition

Is It in the Genes? An Alcoholic Parent Could Be a Risk Factor

BYLINE: Larry Thompson, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: HEALTH; PAGE Z10; ALCOHOLISM

LENGTH: 1742 words


It's not much, hardly even noticeable, but the children of parents who drink
sway more than normal. This extra sway only turns up in tests done in
laboratories like the one at the Western Psychiatric Institute and Clinic, a
part of the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine. The children, ages 8 to
18, stand on a special platform. Feet together, hands at their side, eyes
closed. They try to stand as straight and as steady as they can for a minute or
so. Then rest. Stand straight again. The platform measures how much they deviate
from absolute vertical. The children do not receive any alcohol.

The finding that children born to alcoholic parents sway more than children born
to non-alcoholic parents "may have something to do with how these children are
neurologically wired," said Dr. Shirley Hill of the Western Institute.

In laboratories across the country, scientists are looking for physiological
clues to why certain people seem to be at risk of developing a drinking problem,
and the sway study is just one of many emerging pieces of evidence showing the
biological footprints of alcoholism.

The current view is that alcoholism arises from a complicated interplay between
personality, the environment and the genes. For some individuals, there seems to
be a significant genetic component; for others, genes play a minor role. "The
question now," said Dr. Boris Tabakoff, scientific director of the National
Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism, "is what is inherited? What is the
biochemical process that determines the behavior that leads to the dependence on
alcohol?"

In general, there appear to be two main forms of alcoholism. Type 1, while it
may have some inherited aspect, is much more influenced by factors in the
environment such as poverty and insufficient education. In a key Swedish
adoption study done by Dr. Robert Cloninger at Washington University School of
Medicine in St. Louis and others, about three quarters of the alcoholics fell
into this category and tended not to develop a drinking problem until after the
age of 25 or 30.

Environment alone appears to able to lead to alcoholism since more than 35
percent of the alcoholics have no family history of alcohol abuse.

But genetics, while not explaining everything about the roots of alcoholic
addiction, clearly is linked. More than 150 scientific studies -- including
studies of identical twins raised independently -- have found higher rates of
alcoholism among relatives of alcoholics, regardless of environment.

For example, the other, less common form of addiction, striking a quarter of the
alcoholics in the Swedish study, despite environmental factors, appears to be
heavily influenced by genetic makeup. Type 2, as it is called, primarily affects
men; they are likely to become alcoholics quite young -- by the age of 25.

Although no one has found the gene for alcoholism -- and most researchers
believe it will be more than one gene -- a number of scientists have been
searching intensely for some genetic clues.

NIAAA's Dr. David Goldman found a genetic marker on mouse chromosome 1, called
LTW-4, that seems to be inherited in mice that crave alcohol. "We have no reason
to think this is a locus involved in human alcoholism. It is a gene for alcohol
preference, not alcoholism," Goldman said. But it's a tantalizing clue.

By studying a carefully selected group of some 250 individuals, either
alcoholics themselves or their relatives, representing three generations,
Shirley Hill and the group at the Western Psychiatric Institute believe they
have found a human genetic marker for alcoholism: a certain combination of the
MNS blood types (a blood typing system like the ABO system) seemed to be
inherited with the predisposition to become alcoholic.

The MNS genes do not cause alcoholism, but they appear to be inherited with the
purported genes that do increase the chances of becoming alcoholic, so both sets
of genes will tend to be inherited together. The genes for the MNS system are
found on human chromosome 4, which also holds the genes for alcohol
dehydrogenase, a liver enzyme central in the metabolic destruction of alcohol.

"We would not want to say that we definitely have it," Hill said. "Within a few
more families, I am going to be able to tell the scientific world for sure
whether it is there or not."

While intrigued by the data, Dr. Enoch Gordis, NIAAA director, warned that "no
one knows what the gene for alcoholism is."?  ?  ?

To understand the relationship between alcohol and behavior, researchers have
zeroed in on the brain. Alcohol physically affects the brain's nerve cells,
changing both their external membranes and internal chemistry.

The biggest effect appears to be on various proteins called receptors, found on
the surface of cells, that normally determine how a nerve cell responds to its
local environment and whether it receives a nerve signal or not.

"Alcohol may cause disordering of certain regions of cell membranes, or around
certain proteins, and that may cause intoxication," said Dr. Dora Goldstein of
the Stanford University Medical Center in Palo Alto, Calif. "The membrane is
sort of like clothes. If the clothes are too loose or too tight, it may change
the shape of the wearer slightly. In the membrane, it may change the function of
the protein."

If researchers understood how alcohol changed membranes of nerve cells or how
alcohol affects receptors, it may be possible to stop or even reverse the
process.

Recent evidence suggests that it may be possible to block alcohol's effect on
the brain. Alcohol increases the action of a neurotransmitter called GABA, or
gamma amino buteric acid, by changing the activity of the GABA receptor, the
same one affected by Valium and Librium.

"Alcohol is not binding to the GABA receptor. It is working in an indirect way
to affect the shape of the receptor," said Dr. Steven M. Paul of the National
Institute of Mental Health. Paul's group can block the GABA receptor with an
experimental drug called RO-154513, made by Hoffman-LaRoche, and reverse some of
the effects of alcohol, such as intoxication.

The drug has only been used in animal studies and probably will never be used in
humans because of side effects, including seizures and causing a rise in
anxiety. But by modifying the drug, it may be possible to produce a new compound
that blocks alcohol without side effects, Paul said.

Even if such drugs work, researchers do not envision a day when people could go
to a bar, get drunk, then take a drug to reverse intoxication before getting in
a car to drive home.

Studies with a neurotransmitter called serotonin -- which plays a role in mood
and eating and drinking behaviors -- also suggest the uncontrollable craving for
alcohol may be chemically based and may someday be turned off. Studies indicate,
for example, that alcoholics have reduced levels of serotonin, which scientists
have linked to depressed moods in some individuals.

Alcohol has been shown to enhance serotonin function, said NIAAA's Tabakoff. One
theory is that alcoholics "learn that if they take alcohol, it will overcome
some adverse feeling that they may have."

In a Toronto study -- not yet complete -- scientists are testing a drug that
enhances the action of serotonin and may help reduce the craving for alcohol.

Pinpointing the biochemical role of alcohol is difficult because it affects
every major system in the brain. "The trouble with the brain is that everything
is connected to everything else," said Stanford's Goldstein. "The ideas of what
part of the brain are affected keep changing. This week, there is a lot to be
said about the cerebellum. It controls balance and walking, and those are
obviously impaired. The electrophysiologists can show that alcohol affects
neurons in the cerebellum. We may be focusing on that because it is what we can
measure."?  ?  ?

Researchers also have studied alcohol's effects on the liver, the only organ
that can break down the potentially toxic drug.

It has been known for some time that people can clear alcohol from their bodies
at varying rates. Studies have found genetically caused differences in the
enzymes responsible for clearing alcohol from the body, said Dr. T.K. Li of the
Indiana University School of Medicine and the Veterans Administration Medical
Center in Indianapolis.

In a number of studies, alcoholics are found to metabolize alcohol more quickly,
requiring more alcohol to feel an effect and helping them develop a tolerance to
quantities of alcohol that would intoxicate others.

Researchers at the City of Hope Medical Center in Duarte, Calif., for example,
discovered a genetic defect affecting half of all Orientals, which prevents them
from converting alcohol into a harmless substance. When Orientals with this
defect drink, a toxic compound quickly builds up in their bodies, causing a hot,
flushing sensation and sometimes nausea.

"They get sick, some violently ill," Li said. Orientals with this defect seldom
become alcoholic.

The drug Antabuse, given to thousands of alcoholics each year to make them feel
sick if they take a drink, works on the same enzyme that is affected by the
Oriental genetic defect. Antabuse, however, has had limited success because
alcoholics tend to just stop taking the medication to avoid getting sick instead
of staying away from alcohol.

Chronic alcohol use causes major damage to the liver, resulting in cirrhosis of
the liver, the ninth-leading cause of death in the United States. Researchers
have sought ways to protect the liver from alcohol's toxic effects.

On Dec. 3, Dr. Yedy Israel, Dr. Hector Orrego and others at the Addiction
Research Foundation in Toronto reported in the New England Journal of Medicine
that the anti-thyroid drug called propylthiouracil, or PTU, protected the liver
of people who continued to drink heavily and it prevented cirrhosis and death.

"In essence, we are reducing mortality by about 50 percent, independent of the
severity of their drinking," Israel said. "This is the first drug we know of
that shows this type of protection against mortality for alcoholic liver
disease." Protection, however, disappeared when the subjects stopped taking the
drug.

This does not mean, Israel said, that people should go out and get the drug to
protect their liver while they continue to abuse alcohol. The most effective way
to protect the liver, he said, is to stop drinking.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, DR. SHIRLEY HILL STUDIES BALANCE ABILITY AOD HOW IT RELATED TO
ALCOHOLISM. AP

TYPE: FEATURE

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              161 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Hank Bounds holds sway -- in Nebraska

BYLINE: Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 463 words


Jan. 14--Hank Bounds, formally educated completely within Mississippi, has
accepted the presidency of the University of Nebraska, whose systemwide
enrollment is more than 50,000, and whose flagship Lincoln campus is iconic.

Bounds has been commissioner of higher education for eight universities in
Mississippi since 2009.

Bounds served as state superintendent of education from 2005 to 2009 and before
that was superintendent of the Pascagoula schools system.

Bounds has in his resume' many positive benchmarks in learning improvement at
the district and statewide level.

He served as superintendent of the Pascagoula School District. He was principal
of two high schools and a K-12 school. He holds both a Bachelor of Science
degree in Sports Administration and Secondary Education and a Master of
Education in Educational Administration and a Doctor of Philosophy in
Educational Leadership from the University of Mississippi.

One of the goals preceding him to Lincoln is intentionally growing at the main
Lincoln campus as well as Omaha, the second largest campus.

A commentary in Forbes magazine in 2013 flagged several characteristics of
strong educational leaders:

--They have consistent, high expectations and are very ambitious for the success
of their pupils.

--They constantly demonstrate that disadvantage need not be a barrier to
achievement.

--They focus relentlessly on improving teaching and learning with very effective
professional development of all staff.

--They are expert at assessment and the tracking of pupil progress with
appropriate support and intervention based upon a detailed knowledge of
individual pupils.

--They are highly inclusive, having complete regard for the progress and
personal development of every pupil.

--They develop individual students through promoting rich opportunities for
learning both within and out of the classroom.

--They cultivate a range of partnerships particularly with parents, business and
the community to support pupil learning and progress.

--They are robust and rigorous in terms of self-evaluation and data analysis
with clear strategies for improvement.

Bounds has that kind of professional reputation, and those earmarks
interestingly are definitions developed for British school leaders.

Some characteristics are universal.

Effective presidents also need to have a high level of emotional intelligence
and interpersonal skills. Often, the power of school leaders is vested in their
capacity to persuade and influence, rather than to direct.

Bounds is a strong collaborator, and often that is winning half the battle in
higher education.

___ (c)2015 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150114-TP-EDITORIAL-Hank-Bounds-holds-sway-in-Nebraska-0114-20150114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2015 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              162 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 4, 2012 Thursday

Scripted answers not enough to sway undecided voters

BYLINE: Mike Creger, Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 823 words


Oct. 04--The presidents of two University of Minnesota Duluth political groups
had a vested interest in the presidential debate Wednesday night.

Both are voting in their first national election and both are looking for a
robust job market in the near future.

Betsy Johnson, president of the College Republicans, gathered with a handful of
other members of her group in the cozy basement lounge called The Underground at
Kirby Hall.

Ben Dufault, president of the College Democrats, watched at a lecture hall at
UMD, where U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar helped warm up the audience of close to 100
people before the debate began.

Johnson said her Republican group thought Gov. Mitt Romney looked strong,
especially when it came to pointing out the promises President Obama made in
2008 and the reality today.

"We talked about Romney sticking it to the man," she said. "As students that's
really important to us. Promises and how it affects the future."

She said she enjoyed the back-and-forth on the health-care issue and sees that
as a place where a lot of confusion needs clearing up as the campaigns move
ahead.

Dufault said Romney seemed to be charging hard into the debate but in doing so
made himself look more liberal than he might have wanted to.

He was pleased to see Obama stick to the main points he has during his campaign.

"I thought Romney was so aggressive that he fumbled some key points," Dufault
said.

He said one of the biggest laughs of the night came when Romney said he would
cut funding for public television, apologizing to PBS host Jim Lehrer and saying
he really likes "Sesame Street" character Big Bird.

Obama campaign volunteer Deb Landon was at the UMD viewing party and said before
the debate that she was looking for Obama to fend off his critics.

"I want him to do well," she said. "To speak to the criticisms of his record. He
can explain that an economic free fall doesn't turn around on a dime, and one
term is a dime."

She said after the debate that Obama made that point while Romney solidified her
belief that he cares more about a business sense to government than a human
sense.

"Romney's bottom line is a dollar sign," she said. "He said nothing to disprove
that. I want a president who takes care of people who need help the most."

She said Romney was "cool and collected" but "maddening" because she couldn't
decipher who he was talking to when making his comments.

"He was speaking to a certain class of people and I'm not sure I'm part of it,"
she said.

One of those watching at home was Justin Krych of Cloquet. He's the deputy
chairman of the Eighth District Republican Executive Committee.

Krych said it's hard for him to imagine someone watching the debate with an open
mind given the partisan nature of today's politics but said an undecided voter
might be leaning to Romney after a strong performance Wednesday

"He stuck to the game plan," Krych said. "He addressed the president directly."

He said Obama "passed the buck" on the economic topics that were at the heart of
the debate questions.

But overall, Krych said the debate won't be a deciding factor for anyone on the
fence.

"It was gaffe-free," he said. "What either said isn't going to be a game
changer."

A self-titled undecided voter, Jon Winter of the Town of Lakeside outside of
Superior would agree. He's still undecided after watching the debate.

"Overall, it was lip service," Winter said. "It's what I expected."

He said he still has a lot of questions about his own key topics like Medicare
and Social Security.

"Neither of them went after anything specific," he said.

Tucker Staley, a professor in the political science department at UMD, said he
likes to look at a debate and think what the writers of the sketch comedy show
Saturday Night Live might pick up.

He said Romney will likely get heat for being "borderline arrogant" to the
moderator Lehrer. The candidate cut him off several times as Lehrer tried to
rein both men in on the length of their discussion. In the end, a whole planned
15-minute segment was scrapped for a three-minute discussion.

Staley said both candidates stuck to their points well but both faltered a bit
on one key factor in debates: presence.

He said Romney spoke directly to the president and sometimes forgot about his TV
audience. Obama also was a bit cool to the wider audience, he said.

Staley said what wasn't said might leave some people cold, mainly the issue of
how women and Latinos fit into the campaigns. He said he also expected more
remarks on global issues and on Romney's secretly taped words on how 47 percent
of Americans are dependent on government and won't vote for him.

But there are two more debates to get into that water, he said.

"You didn't see a lot of off-topic moments," Staley said. "The biggest surprise
was how on-topic they were."

___ (c)2012 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121004-DU-Scripted-answers-not-enough-to-sway
-undecided-voters-1004-20121004

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2012 Duluth News-Tribune


                              163 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Smithfield Herald (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 20, 2010 Wednesday

Neighborhood schools hold sway in Johnston

BYLINE: Sarah Nagem, The Smithfield Herald, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1090 words


Oct. 20--Johnston County school leaders say maintaining neighborhood schools is
more important than closing the income gap between schools in western and
eastern Johnston.

In Clayton, Cleveland and other fast-growing communities in western Johnston,
the schools are more than affluent. At many of those schools, fewer than 25
percent of students receive free or reduced-price lunches.

In Smithfield, Selma and other towns along Interstate 95, the story is much
different. In schools there, more than half of students receive free or
reduced-price lunches.

School leaders say the numbers simply reflect Johnston County's changing
demographics. While central and eastern Johnston remain mostly rural, western
Johnston has attracted many newcomers who work in Raleigh and Research Triangle
Park.

"I'm not so sure the gap bothers me," said Johnston Superintendent Ed Croom.

Croom said he prefers to focus instead on putting a quality teacher in every
classroom. If every child has a good teacher, he said, students in poorer
schools enjoy the same advantage as their wealthier peers.

In Wake County, school and community leaders have been battling for months over
a longstanding policy in which Wake buses kids to balance the number of poor
students at each school. A new school board majority, elected last fall, has put
in motion a plan for neighborhood schools. That plan has drawn the ire of people
who fear an end to busing will create segregated, high-poverty schools.

In Johnston, meanwhile, school leaders say they are committed to neighborhood
schools, despite evidence showing that lower test scores correlate with higher
free and reduced-priced lunch rates. Last school year, many poorer Johnston
schools scored lower on tests than more-affluent schools.

Lower test scores

At Powhatan Elementary near Clayton, 13 percent of students last school year
received subsidized lunches, the lowest rate among the county's elementary
schools. Selma Elementary had the highest figure -- 92 percent.

Numbers in the county's middle and high school reflect the same geographical
trend. At Riverwood Middle in Clayton, 23 percent of students received free or
reduced-price lunches, while 90 percent of Selma Middle students qualified.
Clayton High's figure was 22 percent, compared with 60 percent at
Smithfield-Selma High School.

Data for this school year are not yet available.

School board chairman Larry Strickland said most Johnston County families like
neighborhood schools, and that's what he will continue to push for. "I can only
deal with once [students] are here, making sure they have a quality school and
there's equality across the school system, whether they live in the eastern part
or the western part," Strickland said.

Still, student performance on year-end tests has been lower at some poorer
schools. Last school year, 90 percent of Powhatan Elementary students tested at
grade level, compared with a little more than 70 percent of Selma Elementary
students.

At Riverwood Middle, nearly 90 percent of students made the grade, compared with
about 80 percent at Smithfield Middle and 68 percent at Selma Middle.

Income can affect more than test scores, educators say. It can determine how
well prepared students are when they enter kindergarten, and it can affect a
school's ability to raise money to supplement tax dollars, said Denise Byrd,
principal at Selma Elementary.

When Byrd took the Selma job this summer after 19 years at Cleveland Elementary,
the parent-teacher association had only one officer. "I thought, 'Oh my
goodness,'" Byrd said.

At Cleveland, Byrd said, she was used to parents playing an active role in
education. So at Selma, she reached out to parents. The next day, she said, the
PTA had four officers.

"I think the key is getting information to parents, letting parents know our
door is open, we want that partnership," Byrd said.

At Riverwood Elementary, where 17 percent of students received free or
reduced-price lunches last year, the PTA is trying to raise $15,000 for
classroom technology and other projects. But even in schools like Riverwood,
where many parents have good-paying jobs, fundraising can be tough, said PTA
President Kimberly Neptune.

Cultural differences

Riverwood Elementary Principal Frank Knott said he recognizes the advantages
schools like his have over poorer schools.

Many of the 855 or so Riverwood Elementary students come from families that take
trips to Disney World and local museums, he said. Often, his students have
several years of preschool before starting kindergarten, he said.

"In high-poverty areas, it's often all [parents] can do to make ends meet,"
Knott said.

While his school is different from some others in Johnston, Knott said he favors
neighborhood schools. He wants parents to be able to attend their children's
ballgames and other activities.

"I just think it fosters a real sense of community," Knott said.

Byrd, the Selma Elementary principal, agrees. "The neighborhood school gives you
that connection and the pride in your school," she said.

Neptune, the Riverwood Elementary PTA president, said she and her husband left
Wake County more than a decade ago because they didn't want their kids bused to
different schools as part of the diversity policy.

Riverwood doesn't have much diversity, but Neptune said her 8-year-old son is
involved in lots of activities outside of school. "He has a diverse group of
friends between Boy Scouts, church and other activities," she said.

Strickland said programs like federal Title I funding help make up for the
income gap. Last year, Johnston schools got more than $5 million in Title I
money to boost low-performing schools. Strickland said he's in favor of
funneling local money into poor schools.

Strickland said he likes neighborhood schools, even if it means some schools
have more low-income students. Positive things, he said, happen at schools like
Selma Elementary, which last year made Adequate Yearly Progress under the
federal No Child Left Behind Act.

"That population of kids lives near that school," he said. "It is what it is."

sarah.nagem@nando.com or 919-829-4758

To see more of The Smithfield Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.smithfieldherald.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Smithfield Herald,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101020-SQ-Neighborhood-schools-hold-sway-in-Johnston-1020-20101020

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SQ


             Copyright 2010 The Smithfield Herald (North Carolina)


                              164 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Smithfield Herald (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 13, 2010 Wednesday

Neighborhood schools hold sway in Johnston

BYLINE: Sarah Nagem, The Smithfield Herald, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1090 words


Oct. 13--Johnston County school leaders say maintaining neighborhood schools is
more important than closing the income gap between schools in western and
eastern Johnston.

In Clayton, Cleveland and other fast-growing communities in western Johnston,
the schools are more than affluent. At many of those schools, fewer than 25
percent of students receive free or reduced-price lunches.

In Smithfield, Selma and other towns along Interstate 95, the story is much
different. In schools there, more than half of students receive free or
reduced-price lunches.

School leaders say the numbers simply reflect Johnston County's changing
demographics. While central and eastern Johnston remain mostly rural, western
Johnston has attracted many newcomers who work in Raleigh and Research Triangle
Park.

"I'm not so sure the gap bothers me," said Johnston Superintendent Ed Croom.

Croom said he prefers to focus instead on putting a quality teacher in every
classroom. If every child has a good teacher, he said, students in poorer
schools enjoy the same advantage as their wealthier peers.

In Wake County, school and community leaders have been battling for months over
a longstanding policy in which Wake buses kids to balance the number of poor
students at each school. A new school board majority, elected last fall, has put
in motion a plan for neighborhood schools. That plan has drawn the ire of people
who fear an end to busing will create segregated, high-poverty schools.

In Johnston, meanwhile, school leaders say they are committed to neighborhood
schools, despite evidence showing that lower test scores correlate with higher
free and reduced-priced lunch rates. Last school year, many poorer Johnston
schools scored lower on tests than more-affluent schools.

Lower test scores

At Powhatan Elementary near Clayton, 13 percent of students last school year
received subsidized lunches, the lowest rate among the county's elementary
schools. Selma Elementary had the highest figure -- 92 percent.

Numbers in the county's middle and high school reflect the same geographical
trend. At Riverwood Middle in Clayton, 23 percent of students received free or
reduced-price lunches, while 90 percent of Selma Middle students qualified.
Clayton High's figure was 22 percent, compared with 60 percent at
Smithfield-Selma High School.

Data for this school year are not yet available.

School board chairman Larry Strickland said most Johnston County families like
neighborhood schools, and that's what he will continue to push for. "I can only
deal with once [students] are here, making sure they have a quality school and
there's equality across the school system, whether they live in the eastern part
or the western part," Strickland said.

Still, student performance on year-end tests has been lower at some poorer
schools. Last school year, 90 percent of Powhatan Elementary students tested at
grade level, compared with a little more than 70 percent of Selma Elementary
students.

At Riverwood Middle, nearly 90 percent of students made the grade, compared with
about 80 percent at Smithfield Middle and 68 percent at Selma Middle.

Income can affect more than test scores, educators say. It can determine how
well prepared students are when they enter kindergarten, and it can affect a
school's ability to raise money to supplement tax dollars, said Denise Byrd,
principal at Selma Elementary.

When Byrd took the Selma job this summer after 19 years at Cleveland Elementary,
the parent-teacher association had only one officer. "I thought, 'Oh my
goodness,'" Byrd said.

At Cleveland, Byrd said, she was used to parents playing an active role in
education. So at Selma, she reached out to parents. The next day, she said, the
PTA had four officers.

"I think the key is getting information to parents, letting parents know our
door is open, we want that partnership," Byrd said.

At Riverwood Elementary, where 17 percent of students received free or
reduced-price lunches last year, the PTA is trying to raise $15,000 for
classroom technology and other projects. But even in schools like Riverwood,
where many parents have good-paying jobs, fundraising can be tough, said PTA
President Kimberly Neptune.

Cultural differences

Riverwood Elementary Principal Frank Knott said he recognizes the advantages
schools like his have over poorer schools.

Many of the 855 or so Riverwood Elementary students come from families that take
trips to Disney World and local museums, he said. Often, his students have
several years of preschool before starting kindergarten, he said.

"In high-poverty areas, it's often all [parents] can do to make ends meet,"
Knott said.

While his school is different from some others in Johnston, Knott said he favors
neighborhood schools. He wants parents to be able to attend their children's
ballgames and other activities.

"I just think it fosters a real sense of community," Knott said.

Byrd, the Selma Elementary principal, agrees. "The neighborhood school gives you
that connection and the pride in your school," she said.

Neptune, the Riverwood Elementary PTA president, said she and her husband left
Wake County more than a decade ago because they didn't want their kids bused to
different schools as part of the diversity policy.

Riverwood doesn't have much diversity, but Neptune said her 8-year-old son is
involved in lots of activities outside of school. "He has a diverse group of
friends between Boy Scouts, church and other activities," she said.

Strickland said programs like federal Title I funding help make up for the
income gap. Last year, Johnston schools got more than $5 million in Title I
money to boost low-performing schools. Strickland said he's in favor of
funneling local money into poor schools.

Strickland said he likes neighborhood schools, even if it means some schools
have more low-income students. Positive things, he said, happen at schools like
Selma Elementary, which last year made Adequate Yearly Progress under the
federal No Child Left Behind Act.

"That population of kids lives near that school," he said. "It is what it is."

sarah.nagem@nando.com or 919-829-4758

To see more of The Smithfield Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.smithfieldherald.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Smithfield Herald,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101013-SQ-Neighborhood-schools-hold-sway-in-Johnston-1013-20101013

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SQ


             Copyright 2010 The Smithfield Herald (North Carolina)


                              165 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Smithfield Herald (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 6, 2010 Wednesday

Neighborhood schools hold sway in Johnston

BYLINE: Sarah Nagem, The Smithfield Herald, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1090 words


Oct. 06--Johnston County school leaders say maintaining neighborhood schools is
more important than closing the income gap between schools in western and
eastern Johnston.

In Clayton, Cleveland and other fast-growing communities in western Johnston,
the schools are more than affluent. At many of those schools, fewer than 25
percent of students receive free or reduced-price lunches.

In Smithfield, Selma and other towns along Interstate 95, the story is much
different. In schools there, more than half of students receive free or
reduced-price lunches.

School leaders say the numbers simply reflect Johnston County's changing
demographics. While central and eastern Johnston remain mostly rural, western
Johnston has attracted many newcomers who work in Raleigh and Research Triangle
Park.

"I'm not so sure the gap bothers me," said Johnston Superintendent Ed Croom.

Croom said he prefers to focus instead on putting a quality teacher in every
classroom. If every child has a good teacher, he said, students in poorer
schools enjoy the same advantage as their wealthier peers.

In Wake County, school and community leaders have been battling for months over
a longstanding policy in which Wake buses kids to balance the number of poor
students at each school. A new school board majority, elected last fall, has put
in motion a plan for neighborhood schools. That plan has drawn the ire of people
who fear an end to busing will create segregated, high-poverty schools.

In Johnston, meanwhile, school leaders say they are committed to neighborhood
schools, despite evidence showing that lower test scores correlate with higher
free and reduced-priced lunch rates. Last school year, many poorer Johnston
schools scored lower on tests than more-affluent schools.

Lower test scores

At Powhatan Elementary near Clayton, 13 percent of students last school year
received subsidized lunches, the lowest rate among the county's elementary
schools. Selma Elementary had the highest figure -- 92 percent.

Numbers in the county's middle and high school reflect the same geographical
trend. At Riverwood Middle in Clayton, 23 percent of students received free or
reduced-price lunches, while 90 percent of Selma Middle students qualified.
Clayton High's figure was 22 percent, compared with 60 percent at
Smithfield-Selma High School.

Data for this school year are not yet available.

School board chairman Larry Strickland said most Johnston County families like
neighborhood schools, and that's what he will continue to push for. "I can only
deal with once [students] are here, making sure they have a quality school and
there's equality across the school system, whether they live in the eastern part
or the western part," Strickland said.

Still, student performance on year-end tests has been lower at some poorer
schools. Last school year, 90 percent of Powhatan Elementary students tested at
grade level, compared with a little more than 70 percent of Selma Elementary
students.

At Riverwood Middle, nearly 90 percent of students made the grade, compared with
about 80 percent at Smithfield Middle and 68 percent at Selma Middle.

Income can affect more than test scores, educators say. It can determine how
well prepared students are when they enter kindergarten, and it can affect a
school's ability to raise money to supplement tax dollars, said Denise Byrd,
principal at Selma Elementary.

When Byrd took the Selma job this summer after 19 years at Cleveland Elementary,
the parent-teacher association had only one officer. "I thought, 'Oh my
goodness,'" Byrd said.

At Cleveland, Byrd said, she was used to parents playing an active role in
education. So at Selma, she reached out to parents. The next day, she said, the
PTA had four officers.

"I think the key is getting information to parents, letting parents know our
door is open, we want that partnership," Byrd said.

At Riverwood Elementary, where 17 percent of students received free or
reduced-price lunches last year, the PTA is trying to raise $15,000 for
classroom technology and other projects. But even in schools like Riverwood,
where many parents have good-paying jobs, fundraising can be tough, said PTA
President Kimberly Neptune.

Cultural differences

Riverwood Elementary Principal Frank Knott said he recognizes the advantages
schools like his have over poorer schools.

Many of the 855 or so Riverwood Elementary students come from families that take
trips to Disney World and local museums, he said. Often, his students have
several years of preschool before starting kindergarten, he said.

"In high-poverty areas, it's often all [parents] can do to make ends meet,"
Knott said.

While his school is different from some others in Johnston, Knott said he favors
neighborhood schools. He wants parents to be able to attend their children's
ballgames and other activities.

"I just think it fosters a real sense of community," Knott said.

Byrd, the Selma Elementary principal, agrees. "The neighborhood school gives you
that connection and the pride in your school," she said.

Neptune, the Riverwood Elementary PTA president, said she and her husband left
Wake County more than a decade ago because they didn't want their kids bused to
different schools as part of the diversity policy.

Riverwood doesn't have much diversity, but Neptune said her 8-year-old son is
involved in lots of activities outside of school. "He has a diverse group of
friends between Boy Scouts, church and other activities," she said.

Strickland said programs like federal Title I funding help make up for the
income gap. Last year, Johnston schools got more than $5 million in Title I
money to boost low-performing schools. Strickland said he's in favor of
funneling local money into poor schools.

Strickland said he likes neighborhood schools, even if it means some schools
have more low-income students. Positive things, he said, happen at schools like
Selma Elementary, which last year made Adequate Yearly Progress under the
federal No Child Left Behind Act.

"That population of kids lives near that school," he said. "It is what it is."

sarah.nagem@nando.com or 919-829-4758

To see more of The Smithfield Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.smithfieldherald.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Smithfield Herald,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101006-SQ-Neighborhood-schools-hold-sway-in-Johnston-1006-20101006

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SQ


             Copyright 2010 The Smithfield Herald (North Carolina)


                              166 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Post-Tribune, Merrillville, Ind.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

Indiana elector doubts efforts to sway Electoral College

BYLINE: Craig Lyons, Post-Tribune, Merrillville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 445 words


Dec. 17--Eleven Hoosiers will convene Monday at the Indiana Statehouse with one
job: To elect the president.

As those 11 prep for their constitutional duty, movements to push electors
around the country to shift their votes from Republican President-elect Donald
Trump to Democratic challenger Hillary Clinton have sprung up to change the
course of the election. In Indiana, Chuck Williams, a Valparaiso businessman and
Northwest Indiana's sole elector, doesn't see that movement taking root.

Williams, who previously served as an elector for Mitt Romney in 2012, said he
thinks the Indiana delegation will elect Trump. He said he was elected to
represent the interests of voters and will do that.

"I think that's the way it's going to go," Williams said.

In Indiana, Trump won the state with 1.5 million votes to Clinton's 1.03 million
votes. Trump carried Porter County but lost Lake County, according to the
Indiana secretary of state's office.

A group has launched an initiative online to gather support to pressure 37
electors to flip their votes from Trump to Clinton. Hamilton Electors aim to get
enough votes to force the election to go to the U.S. House of Representatives,
according to its website, and get representatives to select a more moderate
Republican for the presidency.

"It would be extraordinarily difficult to get enough electors to flip a vote,"
said Marie Eisenstein, a political science professor at Indiana University
Northwest in Gary.

Movements to flip the Electoral College vote would have to focus on states Trump
won, Eisenstein said, but most states put together the slate of electors through
the political parties. Eisenstein said it's possible that one or two unfaithful
delegates could be selected, but it's not likely parties would seat people not
siding with the popular vote.

America's a free county, Williams said, and people are allowed to express their
opinions.

"I would be surprised if it's effective," Williams said. He said he hasn't heard
many situations where people's minds are changing.

In Indiana, Trump and his running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, won with an
overwhelming majority, Williams said, and in his county, they handily won.

"I'm a delegate for the state of Indiana First District," Williams said, and
it's his job to represent them.

The state's electors are not bound to vote for a particular candidate, according
to the secretary of state's office, but Indiana's electors have always voted for
the candidates to whom they were pledged.

___ (c)2016 the Post-Tribune (Merrillville, Ind.) Visit the Post-Tribune
(Merrillville, Ind.) at www.chicagotribune.com/suburbs/post-tribune Distributed
by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161217-GA-Indiana-elector-doubts-efforts-to-sway
-Electoral-College-1217-20161217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GA


                                 Copyright 2016


                              167 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           January 24, 2008 Thursday

Clinton receives Rendell backing

BYLINE: Mike Wereschagin

LENGTH: 609 words


Hillary Clinton just got the most-valuable Rolodex in Pennsylvania.

Gov. Ed Rendell, a longtime Clinton ally and prominent member of the national
Democratic Party, endorsed the New York senator Wednesday.

Rendell's backing likely won't sway many votes outside the state, but he is a
prolific fundraiser and can help round up superdelegates -- uncommitted
delegates who can back candidates at nominating conventions no matter who wins
the popular vote in their states.

Of the 4,049 delegates who will choose the party's nominee in August at the
Democratic National Convention, 794 are unbound by the results of state primary
elections and caucuses. They are U.S. representatives, governors, party leaders
and elected state officials, and about half of them haven't pledged their
support to a presidential candidate, said David Wasserman, U.S. House editor of
"The Cook Political Report," a nonpartisan publication.

"Ed Rendell knows more people on that list of 800 than almost anybody else in
the country," Wasserman said. "His ability to make phone calls and get on board
with the campaign in major outreach ways really helps her."

If Rendell can sway those delegates -- the eventual nominee will need at least
2,025 -- "(U.S. Sen.) Barack Obama has to do even better (in primary elections)
to be able to even the score," Wasserman said.

Pennsylvania will send 188 delegates to the national convention, 30 of whom are
superdelegates, according to the Democratic Party. Among those delegates who
have pledged to support Clinton are Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter, U.S. Rep.
Joe Sestak and state Rep. Paul Costa, D-Wilkins, said Clinton campaign
spokeswoman Adrienne Elrod.

"Gov. Rendell obviously is a very highly regarded figure throughout
Pennsylvania, and we're thrilled to have his endorsement," Elrod said.

Rendell told The Associated Press that he has known Clinton for at least 15
years. He said he was impressed with her as first lady and feels her performance
as a U.S. senator has been "spectacular."

"She really cares about moving this country forward," Rendell said. "She also
has the best health-care plan for America."

Rendell's standing extends beyond the state's borders.

He was the Democratic National Committee chairman during the 2000 presidential
election, is vice chairman of the National Governor's Association and is in line
to become the association's chairman next year.

Rendell is better at raising money than any politician in state history, said G.
Terry Madonna, director of the Center for Politics and Public Affairs at
Franklin & Marshall College in Lancaster.

Last week, U.S. Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., endorsed Obama, passing along the
money-raising network that he built during his 2004 presidential run.

Seeking Rendell's endorsement might have been an attempt by Clinton to balance
that out, Madonna said.

"Nobody votes for somebody because" of a governor's endorsement, Madonna said.
"It matters because of the fundraising."

Rendell had said he wouldn't endorse anyone until a nominee was clear, Madonna
said. The governor might have changed his mind because of his long relationship
with the Clintons and the unexpectedly strong challenge from Obama, Madonna
said.

The biggest benefit could come if no clear winner emerges from the flood of
state primaries Feb. 5. Pennsylvania's primary is the only major state primary
scheduled in April, which could give the state a pivotal role in the nominating
process if the race still is unresolved.

"We don't yet know whether our primary will matter," Madonna said of the April
22 event. "If our primary matters, Rendell and his campaign apparatus could be
put to use."

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 9, 2009 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Performing Arts

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C05

LENGTH: 544 words


PHIL VASSAR

In case you didn't hear it the dozen or so times he announced it during his set,
Phil Vassar was glad to be back in his home state of Virginia. The Lynchburg
native delighted the crowd at Celebrate Fairfax on Sunday with his collection of
chart-toppers -- some written for singers such as Jo Dee Messina, others from
his successful singing career. Vassar's brand of piano pop-country was a perfect
choice for a summer afternoon; airy and sweet as the festival's funnel cake
(heartburn? No worries: Vassar also shills for Prilosec), the 90-minute show was
chock full of feel-good music from infectious opener "Carlene" to the '80s
medley his band performed.

Interrupting Vassar's many hits were a couple of misses that nearly derailed the
show. New single "Bobbi With an I" is an asinine tale of a former linebacker
turned transvestite; where Roger Miller or "A Boy Named Sue" writer Shel
Silverstein may have penned a song like this with well-crafted witticisms and
sly humor, Vassar relies on clunkers like "In his pink party dress / You would
never guess / He benches 355." Meanwhile, "I'll Take That as a Yes (the Hot Tub
Song)" is very possibly the unsexiest song about sex ever written.

Recovering from these slight missteps, Vassar ended his show with solid
performances of his song "My Next 30 Years" (a hit for Tim McGraw) and Billy
Joel's "Piano Man." With Ken-doll good looks, expert showmanship and a knack for
hook-friendly songwriting, it's easy to see why Vassar is one of country's more
popular artists. But how long can a person enjoy funnel cake before craving
something a little more substantial?

-- Juli Thanki

SWAY MACHINERY

If Howlin' Wolf had been a refugee from an Eastern European shtetl who started a
New York alt-rock band, circa 2006 -- well, that doesn't make any sense, does
it?

Yet that fusion seemed entirely plausible Sunday night at the D.C. Jewish
Community Center, where the Sway Machinery exuberantly combined twangy guitar,
Jewish liturgical chant and horn riffs that ranged from klezmer to Afropop.
Frontman Jeremiah Lockwood, the grandson of a cantor, sang in Hebrew, Yiddish
and Aramaic, but his guitar spoke Link Wray and Bo Diddley.

When the raucous combination seemed to overwhelm a few listeners at the event,
which was part of the 10th Anniversary Washington Jewish Music Festival,
trumpeter Jordan McLean gallantly rushed offstage to get them earplugs.

The Machinery is well connected, having at various times employed members of the
Yeah Yeah Yeahs and Arcade Fire. Most of the current lineup also plays with
Antibalas Afrobeat Orchestra, and a few horn fusillades came directly from that
group's playbook. Lockwood's songs were spare at first but sometimes expanded
dramatically. "Adiray Ayumah," for example, ended up resembling a cross between
U2 and a Russian men's choir.

In his vested suit, fedora and tie, Lockwood cultivated an old-fashioned
persona, which supported such spoken-word pieces as "When I First Came to This
Country." Yet the American-born musician also slipped into the role of a
Southern gospel shouter, making a rare foray into English with "Revive the
Dead." Philosophically, the cantor and the preacher may be incompatible, but
Lockwood's music persuaded them to get along.

-- Mark Jenkins

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Jdub Records; The Sway Machinery cranked up the Jewish alt-pop.
(The what? Exactly.)
IMAGE; By Jim Wright; Phil Vassar was right at home in Fairfax.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            January 26, 2010 Tuesday

Pakistan: Shaking shoes good for diabetics

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Jan. 26 -- ISLAMABAD, Vibrating insoles can improve balance in
patients with stroke or diabetic neuropathy, a common nerve problem that affects
sensation in the feet and elsewhere, Boston researchers report.The vibration,
adjusted to a sub-sensory level, appears to "tickle" neurons, making them more
sensitive to stimuli that are present during standing, Dr James Collins of
Boston University, said.Collins and his team had previously shown that
sub-sensory mechanical noise delivered to the feet via the insoles could help
people maintain better balance.In the current study, published in the Annals of
Neurology, the researchers tested the effects of the vibrating insoles on sway
parameters in 15 patients with diabetic neuropathy and 15 patients with
stroke.Patients stood on the insoles, which contained two vibrating elements on
each forefoot and one on each heel.

Data from a previous study of the insoles in 12 healthy elderly patients was
included for comparison.The researchers looked at five traditional sway
parameters and three derived from random-walk analysis. All were reduced
significantly with the noise application in all of the patients, the researchers
found.And the greater a patient's baseline level of postural sway, the more
balance control improved with noise input.Additional research is needed to
investigate how the technology may benefit patients with stroke affecting
different parts of the brain. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit
Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Emotional testimony on medical cannabis may sway Republican votes on House floor

BYLINE: Steve Terrell, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 676 words


Feb. 04--Greg Vialpando, a Santa Fe auto mechanic who has been on disability aid
since he injured his back on the job more than 15 years ago, says the opiates
that doctors prescribed him nearly ruined his life.

He shook as he stood up Wednesday, supporting himself with a cane to tell his
story to a legislative committee.

Having gone through eight back surgeries since his accident, he's been
prescribed a variety of narcotics through the years. But all they did was cause
problems -- sleep apnea, vitamin D deficiency, loss of appetite, depression --
without easing his chronic pain. But, he said, that changed in 2013, when he
decided he was no longer going to use opiates and instead try medical marijuana,
which he gets legally through the state's Medical Cannabis Program.

"He has his life back," said Vialpando's wife, Margaret Vialpando.

The Vialpandos told their story to the House Judiciary Committee, which was
considering a bill that states insurance companies that handle workers'
compensation claims would not be required to reimburse patients for medical
marijuana.

Former state electrical inspector David Staszewski has a similar story. He
suffered a cut spinal cord injury and now uses a prescribed regimen of opiates
and marijuana salves and tinctures to ease his pain.

"Please don't allow this harmful bill to pass," Greg Vialpando pleaded.

The committee voted along party lines to approve House Bill 195, sponsored by
Rep. Randal Crowder, R-Clovis. However, three of the seven Republicans who voted
for it said they were moved by Vialpando and Staszewski's testimony and might
change their vote when the bill is heard by the full House.

"It hurts my heart to vote for this," said Rep. Paul Pacheco, R-Albuquerque.
"I'm voting for it now, but I might not vote for it on the floor."

Albuquerque Republicans Nate Gentry and Jim Dines made similar statements.

Crowder, as well as several lobbyists and representatives of the insurance
industry and other business groups, said the main reason they support the bill
is because -- despite the state's medical marijuana program and despite three
appeals court decisions that said insurance companies must reimburse medical
marijuana patients in workers' compensation cases -- there is a fear that
insurance companies would be criminally liable.

Crowder said he recently met with representatives from four major insurance
companies who said there's a danger that companies would pull out of New Mexico
if the bill isn't passed.

Quinn Lopez, general counsel for New Mexico Mutual, which handles the state's
workers' comp program, said there is a real possibility that insurance companies
could be charged with aiding and abetting a crime if the federal government
reverses its current policy against cracking down on states with medical
marijuana.

But Rep. Brian Egolf, D-Santa Fe, scoffed at the idea that insurance companies
would be criminally liable for sending reimbursement checks to medical marijuana
patients. He also pointed out that Congress for two years in a row had clauses
in the federal budget act forbidding the government from spending any money to
enforce drug laws against states with medical marijuana programs.

He also spoke of a recent federal court opinion in Northern California that said
the language in the budget bill bars the U.S. Justice Department from
interfering with that state's medical marijuana program.

"This bill is not necessary, and real people will suffer," Egolf said. "A
federal judge and federal law 100 percent contradicts the claim that companies
are criminally liable" for reimbursing patients for marijuana.

Dines, Gentry and Pacheco said they will read that California decision before
the bill is debated by the full House. "That will be a linchpin in my final
decision," Dines said, referring to his final vote on the House floor.

Contact Steve Terrell at sterrell@sfnewmexican.com or 986-3037.

___ (c)2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160204-SF-Emotional-testimony-on-medical-cannabis-may-sway
-Republican-votes-on-House-floor-0204-20160204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              171 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 3, 2005 Saturday

SCARY SWAY TO RIDE - TRAM STUCK 90 MINS.

BYLINE: DOUGLAS MONTERO and TOM LIDDY

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 288 words


More than 80 people spent 90 frightening minutes on the Roosevelt Island tram
yesterday when the power failed, leaving them suspended in the air.

The drama ended when the only person who could get the backup generator going
was flown in by police helicopter from Westchester - and turned the power on
with a flick of the switch.

The incident began at 4:10 p.m. when the main generator for the tram cut out,
authorities said.

That left 47 people in a Roosevelt-Island-bound tram car suspended 70 feet above
Second Avenue - as the car began to sway.

"Then I said to myself, 'This is going down! I'm dead,' " said Julio Gomez, 40.
"Everybody was panicking, screaming for help."

Cleveland Gaynor, of Fayetteville, Ga., was taking her pregnant daughter to see
Gaynor's sister on the island.

"Luckily she didn't go into labor," he said.

On the other side of the East River, 13-year-old Brian Koenigsberg was among 34
passengers suspended 40 feet in the air in a Manhattan-bound tram car. He phoned
his father waiting on the Manhattan side.

"He said there were a few people in the tram who were crying," said Bill
Koenigsberg, 48. "He said it was hot and he wanted water."

Police and fire officials determined the solution was the tram's backup
generator, but the supervisor for the firm that runs it was upstate.

The supervisor, Armando Cordova, was driving to the city by Jeep, but that was
taking too long, authorities said.

So a chopper from the NYPD Aviation Unit picked him up at Westchester Medical
Center and rushed him toward Roosevelt Island.

The crisis eased when Cordova landed on a baseball field on Roosevelt Island and
quickly figured out how to get the electricity back to the trams at 5:48 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: QUEASY HIGH LIFE: Tram riders sway away yesterday waiting for someone
to restore power. [Rick Dembow]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 15, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Kerry Salesman's Still Making His Own Name

BYLINE: By MONICA DAVEY

SECTION: Section 1; Column 4; National Desk; CAMPAIGN 2004: THE WISCONSIN
GOVERNOR; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 651 words

DATELINE: MADISON, Wis.


It cannot be easy to arrive here in the wake of Tommy G. Thompson, Wisconsin's
governor for 14 years, the everyman who sometimes clad in leather pants rode a
motorcycle, the author of changes in the welfare system that were held up as a
national model.

It has been more than three years since Mr. Thompson, a Republican, stepped down
to become the federal secretary of health and human services. But whether they
adored him or despised him, some voters still speak of Mr. Thompson as The
Governor.

For them and others, the current governor, James E. Doyle, a Democrat, has yet
to make as much of an impression, but they say he seems quiet, cerebral,
hard-nosed. Mr. Doyle, 58, was elected two years ago, and though he leads John
Kerry's presidential effort in this battleground state, some here question how
much he will be able to sway voters, because some voters are still, in many
ways, getting used to him. For his part, Mr. Doyle hopes to sway the candidate,
saying he intends to offer Mr. Kerry advice on issues people here need to hear
about.

''It's no secret what those are,'' Mr. Doyle said in an interview. ''It's jobs,
No. 1. It's quality of education for people who really care about that, as they
should for their kids. It's health care. And now it's Iraq -- it's peace in the
world. There aren't any trick issues this time around.''

He grew up in Democratic politics in Madison, often seen as the most liberal
spot in Wisconsin. His mother, Ruth Bachhuber Doyle, served in the State
Legislature in the 1940's. His father, James E. Doyle Sr., once ran for
governor.

After serving in the Peace Corps in Tunisia, protesting the Vietnam War and
working as a lawyer at an Indian reservation in Arizona, he was elected district
attorney in Dane County and later was elected Wisconsin's attorney general.

But in his run for governor, Mr. Doyle received no staggering mandate. In the
2002 primary, he narrowly survived a three-way race, winning 38 percent of the
vote while his closest opponent, Tom Barrett (now Milwaukee's mayor) received 34
percent. Likewise, the general election was close, but Mr. Doyle fended off the
incumbent, Scott McCallum, who had been lieutenant governor until Mr. Thompson
resigned, and Ed Thompson, the former governor's brother, who ran as a
Libertarian.

By the time Mr. Doyle took office in 2003, Republicans dominated both bodies in
the Legislature. Battles soon erupted. Mr. Doyle and the Republicans argued over
control of the gambling compacts with Indian tribes and over a proposed cap on
local property taxes.

Some Republican legislators complain that he has been aloof, unwilling to
compromise.

''It's been the greatest frustration to me,'' said Representative John Gard, the
state Assembly's Republican speaker, from Peshtigo. ''I guess that's his style.
But if he continues to belittle people and basically treat them poorly, they'll
say, 'Hey, I'm not going to work with that guy.'''

Donald F. Kettl, a political science professor at the University of
Wisconsin-Madison, blames both sides. ''He has been a tactical governor caught
in a vicious crossfire in the Legislature,'' Professor Kettl said. ''He has
spent most of his time in a foxhole. But given how wild and turbulent things
have been for him just dealing with that, it's certainly unclear how big an
impact he could have when it comes to John Kerry.''

Linda Honold, the state Democratic Party chairwoman, said Mr. Doyle's role in
the presidential race was clear and simple. ''He is a prominent Democratic
leader in the state,'' she said. ''He brings the visibility and the prominence
of being the governor.''

Perhaps. But it is not easy to compete with a predecessor who remains one of the
state's best-known political figures. Joe Heim, a professor of political science
at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse, put it bluntly: ''Tommy Thompson was
the big man on the block. Doyle is not Tommy.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Gov. James E. Doyle had a tough act to follow: Tommy Thompson.
(Photo by Erol Reyal for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              173 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                           January 28, 2004 Wednesday

Giving terror a pass

BYLINE: DANIEL PIPES & ASAF ROMIROWSKY

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 733 words



HIGHLIGHT: Hamas in a Florida classroom. Pipes is director and Romirowsky is a
research associate with the Middle East Forum.


We broke the news in October 2003 that Mustafa Abu Sway, a visiting Palestinian
professor at Florida Atlantic University, is "known as an activist" in Hamas, a
group on the US government's terrorism list. We also revealed that his salary is
being paid by the US taxpayer (via the Fulbright exchange program).

Our little scoop met with yawns or disbelief. Abu Sway himself denounced our
article as a "witch hunt." FAU ignored the revelation ("we have no reason to
take any action"). The hometown Palm Beach Post published four skeptical
responses, including an editorial insisting that "there is no known evidence"
against Abu Sway.

Actually, being named as "a known activist" in Hamas by the Israeli government -
who knows terrorism better? - qualifies in itself as evidence, but we since
October have learned that Abu Sway also:

* Was a board member and raised funds for two Jerusalem-based Hamas-related
organizations, the Heritage Committee and the Foundation for the Development of
Society, both of which were shut down in February 2003.

* Has worked with the Palestinian "Charity Coalition" that includes such
organizations as al-Aksa Foundation of South Africa and France's Comite de
Bienfaisance et de Secours aux Palestiniens. Both are known as Hamas fund-
raisers which have had their assets frozen by the American government.

* Is connected to Sheikh Ra'ed Salah's Islamic Movement in Um al-Fahm, Israel,
14 members of which were arrested in May 2003 for Hamas fundraising.

If this does not count as evidence of ties to Hamas, we are not sure what does.

In a written response to us, Abu Sway denies each of these points, other than
board membership on the Foundation for the Development of Society and meeting
Ra'ed Salah one time.

How does one assess his denial? As one usually does in such matters, by checking
a person's general credibility.

Abu Sway these days says, "I cherish the Jewish presence [in Israel] and
advocate nonviolence." But in the past, before he was under scrutiny, he spoke
very differently:

* At a 2002 interfaith meeting in Israel, reports Christianity Today, he
remarked, "to audible gasps from Jews in the audience, that he wished the state
of Israel 'would disappear.'"

* The Jerusalem Jewish Voice monthly reporting on the same meeting recorded Abu
Sway saying that he wished for "the end of the state of Israel."

* In a 2003 study published by the US Institute of Peace, Abu Sway is quoted
stating, "To imagine shared sovereignty or dual sovereignty is not being
faithful to Islamic tradition" and specifically calling for an Islamic state of
Palestine to replace Israel.

The contradiction here points to a clever switching of messages as suits his
needs of the moment.

ANOTHER example: Speaking to an American audience via ABC News in 2002, Abu Sway
deemed the Arabic term jihad "a very beautiful concept, which is deep in the
area of spirituality." But in his role as co-author of a Palestinian Authority
textbook (available at www.edume.org), he explained to seventh-graders that
jihad is a military obligation that "becomes the individual religious duty of
every Muslim man and woman - if the enemy has conquered part of its land."

Should the American taxpayer honor someone credibly accused of supporting a
terrorist organization with a Fulbright fellowship? Should Florida Atlantic
University continue to have him teach its students?

Those students have their doubts, judging by a December 2003 memo sent by FAU
Associate Dean Lynn M. Appleton, in which she lamented the lack of interest in
Abu Sway's course on "Islam and Politics" this semester and exhorted the faculty
to recruit more bodies.

"Enrollment is small and stagnant," she wrote. "Could you put up some posters -
very rapidly! - Is there an email list of majors to which information could be
sent? Let me know what you are able to do."

She ends on a plaintive note: "I would hate to see the course cancelled." Her
efforts succeeded; the once- endangered course now boasts 21 registered
students.

The Fulbright program and Florida Atlantic University can thus congratulate
themselves on promoting militant Islamic indoctrination by a man connected to
terrorism.

For those less than thrilled with this class, FAU's President Frank T. Brogan
can be reached at skane@fau.edu The Fulbright program's Chair Steven J.
Uhlfelder (who is a former member of the board of governors that oversees FAU)
is at steve@sulaw.net

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           September 21, 2007 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

FOOTBALL FANS NEEDN'T WORRY ABOUT STADIUM SWAY

BYLINE: Anita Clark

SECTION: LOCAL; SAFE & SOUND; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 222 words


Q: Has UW-Madison ever determined if it's safe for football fans to jump up and
down in Camp Randall at the end of the third quarter?

A: Yes.

It's safe, according to Michael Oliva, a professor of civil and environmental
engineering at the university who oversaw studies testing stadium safety.

Graduate students planted motion sensors to measure the movement of the upper
deck and press box. They learned the press box moves sideways and the edge of
the deck moves up and down.

After collecting data and analyzing it using computer models, engineers
concluded the front of the upper deck would have to move about 5 inches to cause
damage - and that's damage, not collapse. Actual movement is about
UNKNOWN_HIGHBIT_8a one-tenth to two-tenths of an inch.

That happens to be just the right amount of movement at the right speed for
human beings to perceive it.

"You can really feel it,'' Oliva said. "It definitely is moving. There's no
doubt about that."

That sway may account for the occasional wide-eyed visiting sportswriter in the
press box.

Queasiness about the stadium sway prompted the university in 2003 to temporarily
stop playing "Jump Around" before the start of the fourth quarter, while the
stadium was being renovated and safety studies were conducted.

Tradition survived, however, and the engineers have some advice: Enjoy the ride.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           November 10, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Voters slap Arnold, give Democrats new hope

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 583  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger got thumped. U.S. President
George W. Bush got humbled.

And Democrats likely got themselves a star candidate to battle Hillary Clinton
for the party's presidential nomination in 2008.

As political pundits and partisan operatives sifted through the entrails of
off-year elections held Tuesday night in the United States, outgoing Virginia
Gov. Mark Warner emerged as the biggest winner, even though his name couldn't be
found on any ballot.

Warner's presidential ambitions got a major boost after the popular Democrat
engineered his handpicked successor's victory over a Bush-endorsed challenger in
a diehard Republican state.

"Mark Warner has figured out how a Democrat can win in a southern state that has
more Republican voters than Democratic voters," says Merle Black, a political
scientist at Emory University in Atlanta. "If Warner is on the Democratic ticket
in 2008, either as a presidential candidate or a vice-presidential candidate,
the South isn't automatically Republican."

Warner, 50, is virtually unknown outside the borders of his home state, much
like Bill Clinton was before winning the Democratic presidential nomination in
1992.

But, like Clinton did in Arkansas, Warner has remained popular with Republicans
by governing as a centrist Democrat, favouring capital punishment while raising
taxes to fund education and transportation.

Limited by Virginia law to one term as governor, Warner parlayed his 75 per cent
approval ratings into votes for his successor, Tim Kaine, who defeated
Republican candidate Jerry Kilgore.

Warner, who has made no secret of his White House ambitions, is considered an
appealing presidential prospect for Democrats who lost the presidency in 2000
and 2004 by failing to carry a single southern state. "He is a throwback to Bill
Clinton-style politics," Black says of Warner. "He has positioned himself as the
un-John Kerry, the un-Howard Dean, guys who were considered too liberal for the
South."

The off-year U.S. elections held little good news for Republicans, other than
the re-election of Michael Bloomberg for a second term as mayor of New York.

Voters in California rejected four ballot initiatives key to Schwarzenegger's
reform agenda. The former Terminator star's approval ratings have fallen from
above 70 per cent last year into the low 30s, and he faces an uphill battle for
re-election in 2006.

"Californians are sick and tired of all the fighting," conceded Schwarzenegger,
who waged bitter political fights with state teachers and union activists in the
run-up to the special elections. "Tomorrow we begin anew."

In New Jersey, Democratic Senator Jon Corzine was elected governor despite a
corruption and gay sex scandal that forced out his predecessor, James McGreevey.

But the loss in Virginia was particularly difficult for Republicans to stomach.

Bush easily carried the state in the 2000 and 2004 presidential elections. The
U.S. president made a last-minute campaign stop Monday in Virginia on behalf of
Kilgore, but the visit appears to have done the GOP candidate as much harm as
good.

"Bush did badly. He came in election eve in Virginia and gave the race national
implications, but not good ones for the Republicans," Sabato said. "Either
President Bush improves his approval rating substantially and gets to at least
50 per cent or so in the polls, or the Republicans will have a hard time holding
what they've got, much less making gains," Sabato said in a separate televised
interview.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Associated Press; California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, above, lost four
key ballot initiatives and President George W. Bush was unable to sway the
outcome of the election for governor in Virginia. The big winner of Tuesday's
off-year U.S. elections may turn out to be outgoing Virginia Gov. Mark Warner,
who has presidential ambitions. ;
Photo: Associated Press; California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger lost four key
ballot initiatives and President George W. Bush, above, was unable to sway the
outcome of the election for governor in Virginia. The big winner of Tuesday's
off-year U.S. elections may turn out to be outgoing Virginia Gov. Mark Warner,
who has presidential ambitions. ;
Photo: Associated Press; California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger lost four key
ballot initiatives and President George W. Bush was unable to sway the outcome
of the election for governor in Virginia. The big winner of Tuesday's off-year
U.S. elections may turn out to be outgoing Virginia Gov. Mark Warner, above, who
has presidential ambitions.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Iowa Senate candidates call in star power to swing tight race;
Michelle Obama and Mitt Romney head to Iowa to stump for Senate hopefuls. But,
while high-powered endorsements might energize the party base, there's not much
evidence they sway many voters, one expert says.

BYLINE: Jared Gilmour Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 699 words


An Obama-Romney rematch is brewing in Iowa. Well, sort of.

Former GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney and first lady Michelle Obama are
headed to the state to stump for Senate hopefuls. With less than a month to go
before election day, Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley and Republican Joni Ernst are
locked in a nail-biting toss-up for an open Senate seat.

Control of the Senate hinges on Iowa and a handful of other competitive
contests. The latest Real Clear Politics polling average gives Ms. Ernst a
tenuous 1.5 point advantage. Each candidate is hoping star power - in the form
of a popular first lady and a Republican standard-bearer - can swing a few votes
in moderate Iowa.

But don't hold your breath. The race is likely to remain a toss-up, no matter
what Ms. Obama or Mr. Romney do.

"There's really not a lot of evidence that any kind of endorsements really sway
a large number of voters," says Dianne Bystrom, director of the Carrie Chapman
Catt Center for Women and Politics at Iowa State University in Ames. "What they
tend to do is really just shore up partisan support that you already have."

Big names like Romney and Obama excite party faithfuls, but won't necessarily
sway undecided voters. Around 12 percent of Iowa voters say they remain
"undecided" in recent polling. But Bystrom says that "you kind of wonder if they
are really undecided, or just don't want to tell the pollster" who they're
voting for.

"I don't know of one undecided voter in the Braley-Ernst race. Not one," Bystrom
says.

Mrs. Obama - visiting today - and Mr. Romney - flying in next week - are
darlings of their respective parties. Neither has the baggage of being in
office, and despite her husband's spiraling approval ratings, Obama remains a
popular figure. And with the race so tight, Braley and Ernst are willing to try
anything.

Star power has gone to bat for candidates in other key races as well, including
a closely watched Senate race in Kentucky. There, Democrat Alison Lundergan
Grimes is trying to unseat Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell. Romney and
former President Clinton both jumped into the competitive race last week, hoping
to tip the scales in their party's favor.

According to Bystrom, however, endorsements and star power only sway voters when
there's a dearth of information about candidates. That's not the case in the
Hawkeye state, where ads flood the airwaves and contrasts between the candidates
are generally clear.

"This campaign is a high information campaign," Bystrom says, meaning voters
likely know all they need to know about their two options. "How you could be
undecided at this point in the election is really pretty interesting."

The race has gotten bruising as it's tightened in the past few months. Earlier
in the campaign, Democrats were counting on a win in Iowa as part of their
strategy for maintaining control of the Senate. When Ernst won the GOP primary,
Democrats' calculus had to change.

"Braley as a candidate was expected to be strong: a sitting congressman running
against a fairly unknown person," Tim Hagle, a political science professor at
the University of Iowa, told the Monitor last month. "But Braley lost that edge
through a number of mistakes."

As Braley has struggled with gaffes and missteps, Ernst has relied on her
down-home image to appeal to voters. Ernst has touted her credentials as a
farm-raised mother and Iraq war veteran to win strong support among rural
Iowans.

Braley is trying tarnish Ernst's appeal by blasting her on women's issues. Those
attacks, Democrats hope, could bolster the lead he already holds among women
voters.

"Joni Ernst, too extreme for Iowa," says one anti-Ernst attack ad, paid for by
the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee. The ad details Ernst's support for
a fetal personhood amendment to the Iowa constitution.

"This election is about a clear choice between moving Iowa forward or following
a radical tea party agenda that's going to take us backwards," Braley said
during a debate last month.

The Ernst campaign is "confident those attacks will fall flat against a strong,
independent woman and mother like Joni," says spokeswoman Gretchen Hamel.

Staff writer Francine Kiefer contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            January 5, 2016 Tuesday

Jan. 6 Readers' letters

BYLINE: From Mercury News readers

SECTION: LETTERS; News; Opinion

LENGTH: 622 words


Time to end the death penalty in California

Thank you for your editorial suggesting it is time to end the death penalty in
California (Editorial, Jan. 4). For all the reasons you cited, I totally agree.
It has never been shown to be a deterrent, and it is certainly not the hallmark
of a civilized, progressive society. We must let our representatives know we no
longer will support this barbaric practice.

Rev. Berget Jelane

Buddhist minister San Jose

GOP going overboard to sway voters in Iowa

What some Republican presidential candidates will do to sway Iowans amazes me.
They must think voters there are no smarter than the cows in the barnyard. Carly
Fiorina recently downplayed her well-publicized support of the Iowa football
team (vs. her alma mater, Stanford) in the Rose Bowl game with her comment, "
... can't a girl ever have a little bit of fun?"

What's next? Signing up at FarmersOnly.com? Oh come on, can't a girl have a
little bit of fun?

Marialis Seehorn

Sunnyvale

Legislators will waste any additional taxes

It is great that state Sen. Jim Beall is proposing a "lock box" (Editorial, Jan.
5) for his idea for additional transportation funding. But since current
transportation funding is not in a lock box, what keeps our "fine" Legislature
from diverting current funding when they see all this new funding come in? Since
the Legislature has proven time and again their ability to waste massive amounts
of tax dollars, I cannot support any additional taxes.

William B. Ortendahl

Santa Clara

Let's create more art in response to vandalism

I took my children, grandchildren and siblings on a tour of public art in San
Jose over the holidays. We didn't all agree about the art, but we did all agree
that public art installations are stimulating, fun and give character to a city!
I am dismayed that anyone would vandalize art projects but think that the only
appropriate response is to double down and create more art.

Rebeccah Miller

San Jose

Building more dams is not answer to drought

Victor Davis Hanson (Opinion, Jan. 3) thinks the solution to the state's drought
is to build more dams and stop wasting water by allowing it to flow to the
ocean. Perhaps he is unaware that we already have 1,400 dams in California and
that every river except for the Smith River in the far north has been dammed.
Besides, due to climate change, more of our future precipitation will fall as
rain rather than snow, meaning that there will be less snowmelt to fill existing
(or new) reservoirs. As temperatures rise due to global warming, even more water
in our reservoirs will be lost to evaporation. Diverting more water from the
Delta, as Hanson proposes, would deal a death blow to species such as Delta
smelt and coho salmon that are teetering on the brink of extinction. Let's
continue exploring innovative solutions such as water recycling, storm water
capture, desalination and more efficient water use by farmers rather than
building more dams.

Frank Eldredge

San Jose

Management ruined reputation of 49ers

Sadly, the San Francisco 49ers management has demolished the reputation of a
once well-regarded franchise. It appears events are going the way of the Al
Davis years of revolving door coaches with all the ineptness that followed it.
Truth, forthrightness and loyalty are among the casualties. Will the elder Yorks
persist in suffering this affliction of a demoralized fan base with the
attendant dispirited flying banners and empty seats? Eddie DeBartolo and Carmen
Policy, where are you?

Tony Favero

Half Moon Bay

SETTING THE RECORD STRAIGHT

An editorial appearing in the Dec. 30 edition of this newspaper incorrectly
reported the amount of water generated by the Carlsbad Desalination Plant. The
correct amount is 50 million gallons per day.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday
                                FA CHASE EDITION

I survived another nerve-rattling quake

BYLINE: Donatella Lorch, Special for , USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 580 words


For about a week, Kathmandu had tried hard to seem normal. Shops and many
restaurants reopened and everyone went back to work. City traffic was picking up
and people were trying hard to go back to their old routine. Yes, there have
been scores of aftershocks. Morning greetings usually started with, "Did you
feel that big one?"

So at first, I didn't think much about the table swaying. I was on the rooftop
terrace restaurant of a four-story building in central Kathmandu having lunch
with my husband, John. It was a picture-perfect warm day, blue sky, a slight
breeze, that ubiquitous honking of traffic below and a view of the former royal
palace that is now a museum. This was a rare treat, as John is usually out of
Nepal.

Just before 1 p.m. Tuesday, we were hit by another earthquake, measuring
magnitude 7.3. Our table shook, but we ignored it thinking it was just another
aftershock. Besides, the tables were rickety. But then it started to sway and
slide. People jumped out of their chairs screaming and rushed toward the
staircases at the other end of the terrace.

I wanted to join them, but John grabbed my hand. We stood there, holding onto
each other, legs splayed for better balance against the slow rolling sway that
ebbed and flowed. It seemed to come to an end but then started again. John
pulled me back and reminded me that the staircase led to a narrow alleyway with
high walls on both sides. So we stayed and hugged.

Like April 25, when a more powerful magnitude-7.8 quake hit, this one seemed to
go on and on. In fact, it lasted about 25 seconds.

When it stopped, we ran down the stairs and I did what I did last time: try to
connect with friends and staff and reach out to the school my 10-year-old son,
Lucas, attends. Most Nepali schools are still closed, but my son's school, the
British School Kathmandu, had reopened four days after the first quake. All the
kids followed instructions: drop, cover, hold and then, in an orderly but fast
pace, race to the soccer field.

This is a city and nation on edge. Like everyone else, my heart was pounding, my
mind racing as I tried to figure out what I should do next. I left my husband at
his office and drove, or rather inched along in a traffic jam trying to get out
of downtown.

Phone lines also were jammed, so my calls weren't going through, nor was I able
to access Facebook, which had helped so many of us connect after the last quake.
I switched to Twitter, through which I tracked down friends and relatives.

The news, like the earthquake, came in waves. Many Nepalis in hard-hit areas who
had returned to their homes or to open their shops near damaged buildings died
on Tuesday.

It has been raining every night now. Hard pounding rain. Hours of thunder and
lightning. The rains mean many more landslides throughout eastern Nepal,
including the village of Namche Bazaar near Mount Everest, which was captured on
a relief helicopter video.

If there is a light at the end of this tunnel, it is by coincidence. Nepal's
government on Monday asked all foreign military providing relief to leave in the
next few weeks. Luckily, they are still here: Indians with helicopters and the
U.S. Marines with four Osprey helicopters to bring in aid where roads have
disappeared.

As night gathers here, my neighbors are playing loud music. Others are planning
to return to their neighborhoods' open areas to sleep. Everyone is talking about
the quake and what tomorrow will bring.

Lorch is a freelance writer based in Kathmandu

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Daniel Sato, The (Wilmington, Del.) News Journal

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 998 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2017 Hoover's Inc., All Rights Reserved

                  Hoover's Company Records - In-depth Records

                                 March 8, 2017

                       Piping Technology & Products, Inc.

                                 3701 Holmes Rd
                            Houston,  TX 77051-1545
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 800-787-5914
FAX: 713-731-8640

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
HOOVER ID: 129781

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Private

EMPLOYEES:  750

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER                 TITLE             AGE     SALARY      BONUS TOTAL_COMP
                                                                      ENSATION
Ben (Benny) Rhodes      Vice President      -          -          -          -
                        Information
                        Systems

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   Supporting pipes support revenue growth for Piping Technology & Products
(PT&P), which manufactures engineered products and provides steel fabrication
services. PT&P distributes products through four subsidiaries: U.S. Bellows
(expansion joints); Sweco Fab (bellmouth reducers, duct and transition pieces,
instrument supports, orifice plates and flanges, pressure vessels, and tanks);
Pipe Shields (pipe supports, slides, guides, and anchors); and Fronek
Anchor/Darling Enterprises (snubbers and sway strut and sway brace assemblies).
Customers have included Dow Chemical, ExxonMobil, and Reliant Energy, a retail
unit of NRG Energy.

   Geographic ReachBased in Houston, the company has locations in Laconia, New
Hampshire; and Fairfield, California. It distributes its products through its
agents located throughout the Americas, Europe, Middle-East and Africa, and
Asia. It has over 450,000 sq. ft. of covered shop space.

   Operations

   PT&P maintains a 24-hour emergency on-call engineering and manufacturing
service that offers a guaranteed response time of 30 minutes to emergency
requests submitted online. Other services include 3D printing that shows
customers the design in a full-3D image of a product before it is made at the
factory, stress analysis, and engineering. The company's proximity to the
Houston Ship Channel, one of the largest ports in the world, makes it a
convenient supplier to projects around the world.

   It operates through four subsidiaries. Pipe Shields manufactures insulated
pipe supports for commercial and light and heavy industrial applications, as
well as pipe riser clamps. U.S. Bellows creates metallic and fabric expansion
joints for use in chemical and petrochemical refining, exhaust, HVAC, and waste
water applications.

   Sweco Fab makes pressure vessels, bellmouth reducers (used in the cooling
process of petrochemical refining), and pig launchers. "Pigs" are inspection
gauges used to perform various operations on a pipeline without stopping the
flow of the product in the pipeline. Pigs get their name from the squealing
sound they make while traveling through a pipeline. Fronek Archor/Darling
produces hydraulic and mechanical snubbers that are used for controlling shock
and vibration.

   Sales and Marketing

   PT&P offers its products through online stores as well as through agents such
as MEC Industrial Services, Langkah Bandingan, Technava SA, and Unified Alloys.

   Company Background

   The company's founder, Durga Agrawal, first came to Texas from India as a
college student in 1968. He established Pipe Technology & Products in 1978 as a
niche player in the pipe support industry.

HOOVER INDUSTRIES:

     ·    FABRICATED METAL PRODUCT MANUFACTURING
          ·    Architectural & Structural Metals Manufacturing



* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
541330 - Engineering Services
332312 - Fabricated Structural Metal Manufacturing
332919 - Other Metal Valve and Pipe Fitting Manufacturing
SIC CODES:
8711 - Engineering services
3494 - Valves and pipe fittings, nec
3441 - Fabricated structural metal
MARKETS:

     ·    Selected Products
     ·
     ·    Anchors
     ·    Bellmouth reducers
     ·    Big ton spring supports
     ·    Constant spring supports
     ·    Duct and transition pieces
     ·    Expansion joints
     ·    Fabrication equipment
     ·    FRP wear pads
     ·    Guides
     ·    Instrument supports
     ·    Orifice plates and flanges
     ·    Pig launchers
     ·    Pipe riser clamps
     ·    Pipe supports & pipe hangers
     ·    Pre-insulated pipe supports
     ·    Pressure vessels
     ·    Slides
     ·    Snubbers
     ·    Sway brace assemblies
     ·    Sway strut assemblies
     ·    Tanks
     ·    Variable spring supports


COMPETITORS:

     ·    Piping & Equipment
     ·    Sumitomo Pipe & Tube
     ·    TenarisSiderca
     ·    Ward Manufacturing
     ·    American Cast Iron Pipe
     ·    U.S. Pipe
     ·    Northwest Pipe


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January, 2017

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017


                              180 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              July 5, 2015 Sunday
                               SUN SCENE Edition

Bright lights take on big city

BYLINE: Lisa Kennedy

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 3E

LENGTH: 782 words


Their cell phone reception was competing with New York City traffic noise, but
Emma Buchanan and Evatt Salinger's energy crackled louder.

The night before they got on speaker phone standing on a Manhattan corner, the
Colorado pair had their Broadway debuts at the Minskoff Theatre on 45th Street.

Latest winners of the Denver Center for the Performing Arts' Bobby G Awards, the
Durango High School grads competed in the National High School Musical Theatre
Awards or Jimmys, named for Broadway luminary James M. Nederlander.

The local awards competition, which held its ceremony in late May, bears the
name of the Denver's Broadway tour impresario Robert Garner, who died in 2012.

The Jimmys ceremony was emceed by Michael Cerveris, Tony winner for his lead
role in "Fun Home." And there were other rather special guests.

"We were doing the closing medley on the Minskoff stage and Robbie Fairchild and
Brandon Uranowitz from 'An American in Paris' came on stage to sing the closing
number with us," Buchanan recounted when asked about any star struck moments.

"There's this moment when we're supposed to start swaying as they sing and I
totally forgot to sway, until the third sway. I was so in awe of them."

For all the award ceremony sparkle, when it comes to the Bobby Gs (and their
national counterpart), the real rewards are the details. The Denver Center's
program aims to foster musical theater and arts education in the state's high
schools.

"It was really awesome to bring in judges adjudicators from across the state,"
said Kristin Winchester, who took the reins of Durango High program four years
ago.

Bobby G adjudicators are composed of local theater professionals who are
required to complete thorough evaluations of the shows, which are then shared
with the schools.

"We have our small community and I know what they like," said Winchester. "So it
was really interesting to have other people from a big town come to see our
small town show. We're used to hearing the same kind of feedback from the same
people." That said, Winchester is quick to sing the praises of her local
community, which pitched in $14,000 to send the school to the national Thespian
Festival, which took place last week in Lincoln, Neb.

The Denver Center also sends guest artists to each participating school. Durango
received ensemble building and play writing workshops.

The high school and local kids are also beneficiaries of the Durango Arts
Center's long standing educational program that introduces youngsters to theater
at an early age.

"They've created a really strong youth program," said Buchanan, sitting in
Denver's Backstage Coffee shop before the duo headed off to New York. "I think
that's why Durango High School is so successful. Because a lot of kids come out
of the program."

"It's kind of a feeder program that teaches theater etiquette, values and how to
perform," added Salinger. "They also have a couple of groups that do shows of
older songs."

"Songs like this," Buchanan interjected. The Crew Cuts' croon worthy hit "Sh
Boom" was playing on the Backstage Coffee stereo.

"Life could be a dream...."

They both laugh.

A month earlier, the Bobby G ceremony had turned, well, glum isn't fair exactly.
But sitting in the Buell Theatre, Buchanan, Salinger and their Durango High
Troupe 1096 crew and castmates were starting to feel the "it's nice just to be
nominated" blues.

This was the first year the program honoring outstanding achievement in high
school musical theater had gone statewide and the public school that serves the
denizens of La Plata county had crushed it, garnering 10 nominations for their
staging of "Les Mis\xE9rables." As the night headed into the "big" prizes, they
were becoming increasingly miz.

Then Buchanan won outstanding female for her portrayal of Eponine. Salinger
followed with outstanding male for Jean Valjean. He was barely off stage when
Durango was announced winner of the Bobby G for Outstanding Overall Production
of a Musical.

Buchanan and Salinger didn't win at Monday's Jimmys, but they sounded anything
but defeated. The morning after their Broadway bow, their education continued
when they met director Kent Gash.

The George Washington High alum is director of New York University's Tisch
School of the Arts' New Studio on Broadway.

"I didn't know much about him," said Salinger, who's headed to Pepperdine
University this fall to study theater and math. Buchanan will study musical
theater at Wright State University in Dayton, Ohio. "After the talk he gave, I'm
like 'I have to work with this guy!' " Salinger continued. Sounds like a plan,
and very much a goal of the Bobby Gs.

Lisa Kennedy: 303 954 1567, lkennedy@denverpost.com or twitter.com/bylisakennedy

LOAD-DATE: July 08, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Emma Buchanan, left, and Evatt Salinger of Durango High School
represented Colorado last week at the National High School Musical Theatre
Awards in New York City after winning Bobby G Awards in Colorado. Cyrus
McCrimmon, The Denver Post

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                               November 23, 1998

Tall buildings sway in the wind, ever so slightly

BYLINE: By Marina Tan

SECTION: National; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 444 words

DATELINE: Kuala Lumpur


KUALA LUMPUR, Sun. - One thing that will never be seen on the top floor of
a skyscraper, an expert on tall buildings said today, is a goldfish bowl.

"The building's owners will not want you to see water swooshing from
side to side as it sways in the wind," said Dr Lynn Beedle, director of
the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat.

"Contrary to popular belief, it is quite common for tall buildings to
sway a little with the wind - it is just that in well-designed buildings,
the motion is so mild that people do not feel or hear it."

Beedle, 81, is in town to help plan the 1999 Tall Buildings Conference
on May 3 and 4, to be held at the site of the world's tallest buildings
themselves - the Petronas Twin Towers.

Beedle said Malaysians should be proud of their creativity and expertise
in designing buildings which showed influences of culture, technology and
the environment.

Among those he praised were the Lembaga Urusan Tabung Haji building
here, as well as the IBM (Taman Tun Dr Ismail) and Mesiniaga (Subang Jaya)
buildings.

Beedle said more than 100 people had indicated intention to participate
or present papers at the conference next year, including a party of 20
architects from Germany.

"Things look very good, especially in terms of international
participation, as not only is the conference being held in a tropical
country with affordable rates, it is being held at the site of the world's
tallest building itself."

It is estimated that the conference, themed "The Tall Building and the
City - the State of the Art for the Millennium", will draw 250 to 300
participants, of whom 30 per cent are expected to be foreigners.

It is organised by the council and the Institute Sultan Iskandar
(Institute of Urban Habitat & Highrise), and is hosted by KLCC Holdings
Bhd and City Hall.

Based in Lehigh University, Pennsylvania, the Council on Tall Buildings
and Urban Habitat is an international organisation of architectural,
engineering, and planning professionals.

"We were the ones who adjudicated in favour of the Petronas Twin Towers
as the tallest buildings in the world over Chicago's Sears Tower - against
stiff opposition," Beedle said.

"Our major concern is the role and impact of tall buildings in the urban
environment and the whole problem of providing adequate space for life and
work, while considering technological, social and cultural factors."

More information on the council is available from its website at
http://www.lehigh.edu/ctbuh/, which offers basic information but also has
a membership section.

To participate or sponsor the conference, fax 03-719-8413.


LOAD-DATE: April 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture - Beedle ... praised several buildings.

            Copyright 1998 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              182 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             March 29, 2004 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Kerry to business: tax credits for jobs;
ELECTION 2004

BYLINE: TONY WALKER IN WASHINGTON

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 639 words


Despite fears of terrorism, bread and butter issues jobs and health care hold
sway in the US campaign.

After weeks of bickering about Iraq and the war on terror, the combatants in the
US presidential election are beginning to focus on the economy, with Democratic
challenger Senator John Kerry proposing an overhaul of corporate taxes to
discourage the outsourcing of jobs.

At the same time, President George Bush has begun emphasising record home
ownership levels to rebut criticism of his administration's economic record,
shadowed by the loss of about 3 million manufacturing jobs, or one in six, since
January 2000 .

Following the anniversary of the Iraq invasion and argument about whether the
administration could have done more to prevent the September 11, 2001 terrorist
attacks, the campaign is beginning to settle into a more predictable pattern
where bread and

butter issues jobs and health care hold sway.

Kerry, in speeches and comments over the weekend, has sought to focus attention
on jobs. Democrat strategists believe that a weak employment market is the Bush
administration's main vulnerability.

Bush is now almost certain to be the first president since the depression era
Herbert Hoover to preside over a net loss of jobs. This is in spite of the
administration's faltering forecasts that the economic recovery would underpin a
strong rebound in employment.

Kerry has pledged, as part of a "Jobs First" campaign theme, to create 10
million new jobs during his first term if elected.

As part of his plan, which has been widely derided by his Republican opponents,
Kerry is proposing to cancel provisions in the tax code enabling corporations to
defer taxes on profits earned overseas. He argues that this provides an
incentive for companies to send jobs abroad.

On the other hand, Kerry, in an effort not to be branded as anti-business, has
said he will lower the corporate tax rate to 33.25 per cent from 35 per cent. He
is also proposing a tax credit on payroll taxes for any new jobs created over
the first two years of his presidency.

But Republican spokesmen have been quick to criticise Kerry's plan, drawing
attention in the process to his undertaking to cut taxes for higher income
earners.

"Reshuffling of the tax code, while increasing taxes on small businesses and
entrepreneurs, does nothing to create an environment for sustained economic
growth and job creation," said the White House spokesman Scott McClellan .

Bush, both in a campaign appearance in New Mexico on Friday and in his weekly
radio address, delivered from his ranch in Crawford, Texas, emphasised the
empowerment of home ownership. The Republicans hope this will prove an effective
rebuttal to the Democratic attacks over what now has all the appearance of a
jobless recovery.

Referring to the record 68 per cent level of home ownership in the US, including
more than 50 per cent among minorities, Bush attributed this development partly
to tax cuts; although it is the case that historically low interest rates have
encouraged a housing and home ownership boom.

"Because of tax relief, Americans have more to save, spend and invest and that
means millions of American families have moved into their first homes," Bush
said.

* Under severe pressure to answer criticism that the Bush administration was
asleep at the wheel before September 11, Bush's national security adviser
Condoleezza Rice will be questioned on CBS's 60 Minutes.

But the White House is continuing to refuse to allow Rice to testify before the
September 11 Commission into the terrorist attacks, citing executive privilege.

Rice was sharply criticised by Bush administration renegade Richard Clarke over
what the former counter-terrorism chief said was a lax approach before September
11. The administration has strenuously denied that allegation, effectively
branding Clarke a liar.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: John Kerry is proposing an overhaul of corporate taxes to
discourage American companies from outsourcing jobs overseas. Photo: AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2004 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 7, 2013 Sunday

El Paso Times, Texas, Trish Long column

BYLINE: Trish Long, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 847 words


April 07--This Dec. 11, 1966, Times article announced: "El Paso Has Tallest
Smokestack In World But It's Not For Long!"

"El Paso now has the tallest smokestack in the world but if Chamber of Commerce
officials intend to do any bragging about it, they had better get busy. In 18
months there will be a taller one.

"This word was put out by representative of M.W.Kellogg Co., builders of the
American Smelting and Refining Co's new 'big stack.' Work on the 828-foot stack
is nearing completion and the next tall stack, destined for the title, will be
built in Ohio. It will be 25 feet taller, at least.

"Plans call, too, for some 1,000 foot stacks, to be built for East Coast power
plants. So if El Paso is going to do any bragging, it must be

done at once! The $1.5 million big stack, the fifth one to be constructed at the
local smelter in the past 65 years, is a German-patented structure. Actually it
is two stacks together, the outside shell and an inner shell or liner, with 10
feet of air space between the two. ...

"Total cubic yards of concrete used in the stack were 11,318 and 857,460 feet of
reinforcing steel, about 162 milese

" 'Will the stack sway in high wind?' was one of the questions put to Alfred
Schroth, one of two-superintendents on the project. It doesn't sway, he said --
it gives. It gives about 18 to 24 inches and this sets up a motion like an egg
beater, a rotation effect. This in turn makes it safe in high winds. The only
way to determine this sway

or 'give' would be to shoot it with a transit during a high wind. ...

" 'What will be gained by ASR using the big stack?' was the question put to John
Abersold, head of environmental research at the ASR. He is the man at the
smelter who constantly works to hold down the smoke threat, to eliminate the
spread of smoke clouds over the city.

"First and foremost the stack was built by ASR to take smoke to a greater height
and to disperse it over a greater area, thereby benefiting the city of El Paso.
As the smoke rises in the stack it will be heated. The inside stack can stand
temperatures up to 380 degrees Fahrenheit. As the hot smoke rises it will reach
a high velocity and shoot up to about 1,200 feet before dispersing.

"Too, the greater draft in the big stack will pull more smoke from around the
furnaces. A secondary benefit but important to workers.

" 'We should be finished by Jan. 30,' said Schroth.

"A crew of about 75 men has worked on the construction, with three shifts of
eight hours each."

Asarco history

-- 1887: Pioneer industrialist Robert Safford Towne establishes El Paso Smelter
Works to handle Mexican lead ores.

-- 1911: Mexican revolutionary forces camped across the Rio Grande, a stone's
throw from the smelter.

-- 1966: Demands for more pollution controls prompts Asarco to build a 610-foot
chimney.

-- 1970: Asarco begins spending $100 million on equipment to control pollution.

-- 1990: Asarco announces an $81 million expansion program. The project,
designed to dramatically decrease emissions in the smelting process, is
completed in 1996 at a cost of more than $90 million.

-- 1999: Asarco lays off 370 workers and closes the plant.

-- 1999: Asarco is bought by Grupo Mexico.

-- May 2002: Asarco applies for a renewal of an emissions permit for its
mothballed El Paso copper smelter with the Texas Commission on Environmental
Quality.

-- July 2002: Parts of West and Central El Paso are declared an emergency
federal Superfund site by the Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, which
later lists the Asarco smelter as a primary source of elevated levels of arsenic
and lead found in area soil. Asarco challenges the findings by the EPA and
rejects a federal order to begin cleanup operations in yards and other areas of
West-Central El Paso.

-- July 2005: The state holds a hearing in El Paso to determine whether the
Texas Commission on Environmental Quality should renew Asarco's air-quality
permit.

-- February 2008: The three-member Texas Commission on Environmental Quality
unanimously grants Asarco a five-year air-quality permit, with some conditions,
allowing the company to resume copper smelting.

-- April 2008: The Environmental Protection Agency questions the Texas
Commission on Environmental Quality on why it allowed Asarco to apply for a
permit renewal rather than have the company seek a new permit altogether. The
inquiry focuses on whether the application process neglected federal standards
that consider deterioration of the smelter during the eight years it did not
operate.

-- July 2008: Asarco officials admit that reopening the smelter in El Paso with
new pollution controls could be more costly than expected and could take up to
two years. The company also claims that cleaning lead and arsenic from hundreds
of El Paso yards has reached a cost of about $23.6 million.

-- February 2009: Asarco announces it will not reopen plant and will tear it
down.

-- April 13, 2013: Asarco smokestacks scheduled to be demolished.

___ (c)2013 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130407-EY-El-Paso-Times-Texas-Trish-Long-column-0407-20130407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2013 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              184 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            March 13, 2008 Thursday

Real-life mythic figures spring back to life in 'Sway"

BYLINE: By Dan DeLuca Philadelphia Inquirer

SECTION: BOOKS; Entertainment

LENGTH: 700 words


If 2007 was a feel-good 40th anniversary for baby boomers, forcing the rest of
us to relive their free-love countercultural idyll, then this is the year the
worm starts to turn for nostalgic depictions of the '60s as one beautiful Sgt.
Pepper be-in.

So as we get set to revisit the assassinations of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther
King Jr. and Robert F. Kennedy and the rest of the ugliness of 1968, we've got
Zachary Lazar's richly imagined novel "Sway" to set the appropriately sordid
mood.

"It was 1968," Lazar writes. "The press was calling it the Year of the
Barricades. In France, there had almost been a revolution that May, fueled by
Dadaist slogans and students throwing stones. It was not hard to see the band as
emblematic of the desire you could feel all around you now, not for peace and
love, but for something militant, perhaps chaos for the sake of chaos."

The band in question is the Rolling Stones, though presumably for legal reasons,
the group is never mentioned by name. "Sway" gets at that sense of chaos with a
three-pronged tale.

There's the rise of the Stones " from their beginnings as a blues band led by
Brian Jones to their infamous concert at California's Altamont Speedway in 1969.
And there are the stories of experimental filmmaker Kenneth Anger, and Bobby
Beausoleil, the California hippie who starred in Anger's Mick Jagger-scored
movie "Invocation of My Demon Brother" before participating in the most
notorious murder spree of the time as a member of the Manson Family.

Lazar, who teaches at Hofstra University in New York and is the author of the
1998 coming-of-age novel "Aaron, Approximately," writes evocatively of life in
the cold-water flat in Chelsea's Edith Grove where Jones and Keith Richards
rehearse their blues moves in 1962, while "for now, their singer, Mick, can only
sit and watch."

He does the same for the Haight-Ashbury milieu, where Anger, the
ahead-of-his-time director best known for his "Hollywood Babylon" books, cast
Beausoleil while under the sway of a fictionalized Aleister Crowley-style book
called "The Sephiroth" that celebrates the life of Lucifer, "a child god, the
fallen angel."

And he's equally good at bringing the creepy, uneasy tone that permeates the
book to chilling life in scenes in which Beausoleil falls under the sway of
Manson, a charismatic figure who, like Jagger, has a way of acting out his
emotions "so they came across as artificial and sincere at the same time."
Before Beausoleil joins his wild-eyed mentor in the slaying of a fellow hippie
named Gary Hinman, he ponders what it would be like "to live inside Charlie's
skin. To be empowered by fear, to use it like a tool. To go back to the ranch as
someone transformed "| not another musician or another lost soul, but a harder,
truer soul he had always known was waiting there inside him."

The great accomplishment of "Sway" is to take figures of '60s myth and turn them
into compelling, believably human " if often abrasive " characters that live and
breathe on the page.

That's true of the depictions of Anger and Beausoleil to a degree, and even more
impressively, of the circle of Stones that at first revolves around the
dazzlingly talented Jones, then spins on a Jagger-Richards axis as Jones becomes
increasingly drug-addled and eventually drowns in his own swimming pool in 1969.
Jagger's girlfriend Marianne Faithfull (who starred in Anger's film "Lucifer
Rising") is also featured prominently, as is Anita Pallenberg, the German beauty
who first dated Jones, her look-alike, before moving on to Richards.

In many ways, the story comes to a peak on June 6, 1968, the day Bobby Kennedy
dies, and the Stones complete the recording of "Sympathy for the Devil." "It is
as if the decade itself knows that it can never return, that it has only these
few years left to live out its own extremes," Lazar writes. "Jagger's lips tense
into a sneer as he begins his delivery, a song about the Devil, about violence,
death magic, its glamour and mystique." And about how just a year after the
Summer of Love, the fantasy had already died, and the Stones were throwing roses
on its grave.

FICTIOn

TITLE: "Sway"

AUTHOR: Zachary Lazar

PUBLISHER: Little, Brown

PRICE: $23.99; PAGES: 255

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 31, 2001 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

On Issues, Hopefuls Look to Loyal Voters

BYLINE: Craig Timberg, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: VIRGINIA EXTRA; Pg. T05

LENGTH: 941 words


Three state lawmakers and one political novice are running for the Virginia
Democratic Party's nomination for attorney general, emphasizing issues such as
abortion rights, crime fighting and gun safety.

None is from the Washington area or has statewide prominence to use as a
springboard for the campaign. All are pushing issues they hope will sway the
party's most loyal voters in a primary election June 12.

Political observers are predicting such a light turnout that a few thousands
extra votes for one of the candidates could sway the election. The winner will
face Republican Jerry Kilgore, who was public safety secretary under former
governor George Allen. Kilgore, a Richmond lawyer with roots in southwest
Virginia, has no opposition in the race for the Republican nomination.

The attorney general is the top lawyer for the state, defending its interests,
laws and officials in court and writing influential opinions on the legalities
of prominent issues. The attorney general typically offers legislative
initiatives but has far less clout in the General Assembly than the governor.

The three lawmakers seeking the Democratic nomination have similar platforms.
State Sen. John S. Edwards (Roanoke) and Dels. A. Donald McEachin (Richmond) and
Whittington W. Clement (Danville) favor keeping abortion legal and are calling
for some measures to fight gun crimes, though distinctions have emerged on both
issues during the campaign. All three got their law degrees from the University
of Virginia.

The fourth candidate, Richmond lawyer Sylvia L. Clute, is focusing her campaign
on a plan to expand the use of drug courts that emphasize rehabilitation over
punishment of substance abusers.

Of the four candidates, McEachin, who lives in suburban Richmond, has focused
most heavily on gun issues. He sponsored bills during this year's General
Assembly session requiring that guns be sold with child-safety locks and that
Virginia State Police create a ballistics database on firearms. Both bills died
in committee.

He also has criticized Edwards and Clement for voting against a bill in 1997 to
let Fairfax County ban guns from its recreation centers. Clement now says he has
no objection to that proposal becoming law, while Edwards has not changed his
position. McEachin voted for it.

"We should not wait for there to be a recreation center incident," McEachin
said. "We ought to give local governments the right to keep guns out of those
areas."

The candidacy of McEachin, who is the head of a Richmond law firm, offers the
prospect of making history. If elected, he would become Virginia's first African
American to serve as state attorney general.

Clement represents a mostly rural area of the state along the North Carolina
state line and says he would help balance a Democratic ticket headed by
Alexandria businessman Mark R. Warner. Clement has shown fundraising prowess,
raising more than $ 500,000.

On the campaign trail, Clement has emphasized crime fighting and promised to
work closely with prosecutors across the state. He has endorsements from 38
sheriffs, including those from Fairfax, Falls Church, Alexandria and Arlington
County.

"The top priority for the attorney general is public safety, making sure the
streets of our communities are safe," Clement said.

He favors expanding alternative education programs to get "chronic
troublemakers" out of classrooms and into more structured settings. And he says
that Virginia should be more aggressive in policing environmental laws.

Edwards portrays himself as the candidate with the most relevant experience. The
Marine veteran is a former U.S. attorney and has served as vice mayor of
Roanoke.

"I'm the only candidate who's been a prosecutor. I think it's important that the
attorney general have experience in the criminal justice system," he said.

His voting record on abortion issues has earned Edwards the endorsement of
Planned Parenthood's Blue Ridge Action Fund, which works in western Virginia.
Edwards voted against parental notification, against a ban on an abortion
procedure and against the 24-hour waiting period for abortions.

McEachin and Clement voted for parental notification when minors seek abortions
and for banning the abortion procedure called "partial birth" abortion by
opponents. McEachin also co-sponsored the bill creating a 24-hour waiting period
for abortions last year but voted against it this year after it became clear, he
said, that its intention was "restricting a woman's right to make a choice."

Clement also voted for the waiting period in 2000 but opposed it this year, when
it passed and became law.

Clute, who ran in the 1994 Democratic primary against then-Sen. Charles S. Robb,
has centered her candidacy on her protest against a legal system that she says
has become too punitive. She favors widespread implementation of drug courts, an
experimental program that takes nonviolent offenders with substance abuse
problems out of the traditional criminal justice system.

Instead, those drug users would plead guilty and agree to supervision, drug
testing and state-financed counseling for 12 to 18 months. Those who
successfully complete the program would have the drug offense removed from
criminal records, providing an incentive to get clean.

"In this model of justice, there's a carrot and a stick," Clute said.

Clute argues that politicians eager to demonstrate their crime-fighting
credentials have flooded the state's prisons with poor, mostly minority
offenders who need more treatment and supervision than punishment. The model,
Clute says, would be far less expensive than traditional courts and prisons.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              186 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 31, 2001 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

On Issues, Hopefuls Look to Loyal Voters;
Race Focusing On Gun Safety, Abortion, Drugs

BYLINE: Craig Timberg, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOUDOUN EXTRA; Pg. T03

LENGTH: 941 words


Three state lawmakers and one political novice are running for the Virginia
Democratic Party's nomination for attorney general, emphasizing such issues as
abortion rights, crime fighting and gun safety.

None is from the Washington area or has statewide prominence to use as a
springboard for the campaign. All are pushing issues they hope will sway the
party's most loyal voters in a primary election June 12.

Political observers are predicting such a light turnout that a few thousands
extra votes for one of the candidates could sway the election. The winner will
face Republican Jerry Kilgore, who was public safety secretary under former
governor George Allen. Kilgore, a Richmond lawyer with roots in southwest
Virginia, has no opposition in the race for the Republican nomination.

The attorney general is the top lawyer for the state, defending its interests,
laws and officials in court and writing influential opinions on the legalities
of prominent issues. The attorney general typically offers legislative
initiatives but has far less clout in the General Assembly than the governor.

The three lawmakers seeking the Democratic nomination have similar platforms.
State Sen. John S. Edwards (Roanoke) and Dels. A. Donald McEachin (Richmond) and
Whittington W. Clement (Danville) favor keeping abortion legal and are calling
for some measures to fight gun crimes, though distinctions have emerged on both
issues during the campaign. All three got their law degrees from the University
of Virginia.

The fourth candidate, Richmond lawyer Sylvia L. Clute, is focusing her campaign
on a plan to expand the use of drug courts that emphasize rehabilitation over
punishment of substance abusers.

Of the four candidates, McEachin, who lives in suburban Richmond, has focused
most heavily on gun issues. He sponsored bills during this year's General
Assembly session requiring that guns be sold with child-safety locks and that
Virginia State Police create a ballistics database on firearms. Both bills died
in committee.

He also has criticized Edwards and Clement for voting against a bill in 1997 to
let Fairfax County ban guns from its recreation centers. Clement now says he has
no objection to that proposal becoming law, while Edwards has not changed his
position. McEachin voted for it.

"We should not wait for there to be a recreation center incident," McEachin
said. "We ought to give local governments the right to keep guns out of those
areas."

The candidacy of McEachin, who is the head of a Richmond law firm, offers the
prospect of making history. If elected, he would become Virginia's first African
American to serve as state attorney general.

Clement represents a mostly rural area of the state along the North Carolina
state line and says he would help balance a Democratic ticket headed by
Alexandria businessman Mark R. Warner. Clement has shown fundraising prowess,
raising more than $ 500,000.

On the campaign trail, Clement has emphasized crime fighting and promised to
work closely with prosecutors across the state. He has endorsements from 38
sheriffs, including those from Fairfax, Falls Church, Alexandria and Arlington
County.

"The top priority for the attorney general is public safety, making sure the
streets of our communities are safe," Clement said.

He favors expanding alternative education programs to get "chronic
troublemakers" out of classrooms and into more structured settings. And he says
that Virginia should be more aggressive in policing environmental laws.

Edwards portrays himself as the candidate with the most relevant experience. The
Marine veteran is a former U.S. attorney and has served as vice mayor of
Roanoke.

"I'm the only candidate who's been a prosecutor. I think it's important that the
attorney general have experience in the criminal justice system," he said.

His voting record on abortion issues has earned Edwards the endorsement of
Planned Parenthood's Blue Ridge Action Fund, which works in western Virginia.
Edwards voted against parental notification, against a ban on an abortion
procedure and against the 24-hour waiting period for abortions.

McEachin and Clement voted for parental notification when minors seek abortions
and for banning the abortion procedure called "partial birth" abortion by
opponents. McEachin also co-sponsored the bill creating a 24-hour waiting period
for abortions last year but voted against it this year after it became clear, he
said, that its intention was "restricting a woman's right to make a choice."

Clement also voted for the waiting period in 2000 but opposed it this year, when
it passed and became law.

Clute, who ran in the 1994 Democratic primary against then-Sen. Charles S. Robb,
has centered her candidacy on her protest against a legal system that she says
has become too punitive. She favors widespread implementation of drug courts, an
experimental program that takes nonviolent offenders with substance abuse
problems out of the traditional criminal justice system.

Instead, those drug users would plead guilty and agree to supervision, drug
testing and state-financed counseling for 12 to 18 months. Those who
successfully complete the program would have the drug offense removed from
criminal records, providing an incentive to get clean.

"In this model of justice, there's a carrot and a stick," Clute said.

Clute argues that politicians eager to demonstrate their crime-fighting
credentials have flooded the state's prisons with poor, mostly minority
offenders who need more treatment and supervision than punishment. The model,
Clute says, would be far less expensive than traditional courts and prisons.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              187 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 30, 2001 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

On Issues, Hopefuls Look to Loyal Voters

BYLINE: Craig Timberg, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: PRINCE WILLIAM EXTRA; Pg. T07

LENGTH: 941 words


Three state lawmakers and one political novice are running for the Virginia
Democratic Party's nomination for attorney general, emphasizing issues such as
abortion rights, crime fighting and gun safety.

None is from the Washington area or has statewide prominence to use as a
springboard for the campaign. All are pushing issues they hope will sway the
party's most loyal voters in a primary election June 12.

Political observers are predicting such a light turnout that a few thousands
extra votes for one of the candidates could sway the election. The winner will
face Republican Jerry Kilgore, who was public safety secretary under former
governor George Allen. Kilgore, a Richmond lawyer with roots in southwest
Virginia, has no opposition in the race for the Republican nomination.

The attorney general is the top lawyer for the state, defending its interests,
laws and officials in court and writing influential opinions on the legalities
of prominent issues. The attorney general typically offers legislative
initiatives but has far less clout in the General Assembly than the governor.

The three lawmakers seeking the Democratic nomination have similar platforms.
State Sen. John S. Edwards (Roanoke) and Dels. A. Donald McEachin (Richmond) and
Whittington W. Clement (Danville) favor keeping abortion legal and are calling
for some measures to fight gun crimes, though distinctions have emerged on both
issues during the campaign. All three got their law degrees from the University
of Virginia.

The fourth candidate, Richmond lawyer Sylvia L. Clute, is focusing her campaign
on a plan to expand the use of drug courts that emphasize rehabilitation over
punishment of substance abusers.

Of the four candidates, McEachin, who lives in suburban Richmond, has focused
most heavily on gun issues. He sponsored bills during this year's General
Assembly session requiring that guns be sold with child-safety locks and that
Virginia State Police create a ballistics database on firearms. Both bills died
in committee.

He also has criticized Edwards and Clement for voting against a bill in 1997 to
let Fairfax County ban guns from its recreation centers. Clement now says he has
no objection to that proposal becoming law, while Edwards has not changed his
position. McEachin voted for it.

"We should not wait for there to be a recreation center incident," McEachin
said. "We ought to give local governments the right to keep guns out of those
areas."

The candidacy of McEachin, who is the head of a Richmond law firm, offers the
prospect of making history. If elected, he would become Virginia's first African
American to serve as state attorney general.

Clement represents a mostly rural area of the state along the North Carolina
state line and says he would help balance a Democratic ticket headed by
Alexandria businessman Mark R. Warner. Clement has shown fundraising prowess,
raising more than $ 500,000.

On the campaign trail, Clement has emphasized crime fighting and promised to
work closely with prosecutors across the state. He has endorsements from 38
sheriffs, including those from Fairfax, Falls Church, Alexandria and Arlington
County.

"The top priority for the attorney general is public safety, making sure the
streets of our communities are safe," Clement said.

He favors expanding alternative education programs to get "chronic
troublemakers" out of classrooms and into more structured settings. And he says
that Virginia should be more aggressive in policing environmental laws.

Edwards portrays himself as the candidate with the most relevant experience. The
Marine veteran is a former U.S. attorney and has served as vice mayor of
Roanoke.

"I'm the only candidate who's been a prosecutor. I think it's important that the
attorney general have experience in the criminal justice system," he said.

His voting record on abortion issues has earned Edwards the endorsement of
Planned Parenthood's Blue Ridge Action Fund, which works in western Virginia.
Edwards voted against parental notification, against a ban on an abortion
procedure and against the 24-hour waiting period for abortions.

McEachin and Clement voted for parental notification when minors seek abortions
and for banning the abortion procedure called "partial birth" abortion by
opponents. McEachin also co-sponsored the bill creating a 24-hour waiting period
for abortions last year but voted against it this year after it became clear, he
said, that its intention was "restricting a woman's right to make a choice."

Clement also voted for the waiting period in 2000 but opposed it this year, when
it passed and became law.

Clute, who ran in the 1994 Democratic primary against then-Sen. Charles S. Robb,
has centered her candidacy on her protest against a legal system that she says
has become too punitive. She favors widespread implementation of drug courts, an
experimental program that takes nonviolent offenders with substance abuse
problems out of the traditional criminal justice system.

Instead, those drug users would plead guilty and agree to supervision, drug
testing and state-financed counseling for 12 to 18 months. Those who
successfully complete the program would have the drug offense removed from
criminal records, providing an incentive to get clean.

"In this model of justice, there's a carrot and a stick," Clute said.

Clute argues that politicians eager to demonstrate their crime-fighting
credentials have flooded the state's prisons with poor, mostly minority
offenders who need more treatment and supervision than punishment. The model,
Clute says, would be far less expensive than traditional courts and prisons.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              188 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 21, 2005 Friday

Cramped store aisles and tight design leave lots of room for disgust

BYLINE: ALLISON KAPLAN

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 832 words


Trapped in Gymboree, I eventually extricated my child from a three-stroller
pileup by shifting into "up" gear, taking out a rack of sweaters in the process.

No fall sale is worth that aggravation.

Now, I'm not a retailer, but it seems to me that a children's store should have
aisles wide enough to maneuver a stroller without little overalls whipping
babies in the face. Moreover, if I were running a store, I'd plan for big
crowds, creating extra open space that would make it comfortable for customers
to linger even on the busiest Saturdays. I asked a Gymboree spokesperson if the
decision-makers realize how unwelcoming their store layout is to the target
clientele, and she assured me the company is trying to create "the best
experience possible."

I asked whether the chief operating officer has ever pushed a stroller through
one of his stores. She didn't know.

Probably not, bets Jim Smart, owner of the Minneapolis-based retail and
restaurant design firm Smart Associates. "They don't realize how tight it really
is."

Store buyers tend to be bad editors, Smart says. "They want to have something
for every person who walks through the door, so they cram in more and more
merchandise. It seems children's clothing is the worst."

The worst of the worst in the Twin Cities has got to be posh Galleria boutique
Oh Baby! If the prices don't turn you off, the traffic jams will. There's no way
to turn a stroller around in the store, and I'm not so sure a wheelchair could
get past the door. Worse yet, half the merchandise is out of reach or -- even
more ridiculous -- out of view.

"Retailers lie awake thinking about how to use every square inch (of store
space) when, in fact, they can't see the forest through the trees," Smart says.
"If they'd allocate more space for aisles, profits would go up."

Narrow aisles are a symptom of the larger problem: Retailers aren't thinking
about their customers. It's difficult to consider the individual shopping
experience when you're focused on creating a cookie-cutter layout that can be
rolled out at hundreds of malls across the country. "It's the Starbucks
phenomenon. The decisions are being made by accountants, not retailers," says
store designer Russell Sway, president of the Institute of Store Planners.
"Sometimes, they have good intentions, but it gets lost in translation."

Example: Years ago, the day after Smart cut the ribbon on his first store
design, the Dayton's Rosedale Home Store, the aisles had been crammed with
recliners. "I cried," he recalls. "Aisles should be kept clear. But if I had
known they were going to put recliners in the middle, I would have made them 15
feet wide instead of 10."

Change is coming, Sway predicts. And, like most fashion trends, it's coming from
Europe. Sway points to London's high-end Selfridges department store, which
recently created a children's department scaled to the size of a child. That
doesn't mean less space. Rather, it means racks that are low to the ground, wide
aisles and a bright, contemporary, almost cartoonish look. "It's totally
customer-centric," Sway says.

In Las Vegas, hip Italian shoe and apparel company Fornarina's new store has
become an attraction for its totally unexpected, futuristic design with high
ceilings, tactile walls, lots of textures, weird shapes and dreamy colors. It's
the work of California-based architect Giorgio Borruso, a rising star in the
industry who has been quoted as saying he wanted the store to feel like a
sensual, soothing escape from the chaos of casinos. "You have to take risks to
keep from becoming homogeneous," he told Display and Design Ideas magazine.

Consider it a reaction to the no-frills warehouse stores that have ruled in
recent years. Now that shoppers are accustomed to bargains, they're getting
bored with the format. "We're style-conscious people," Sway says. "After a
while, you want something new."

Even stores like Target are starting to suffer, Sway says. "They're trying to
sell style at a good price. Look at the ads. The merchandise is great, but the
store interior is not. That's going to change."

And then there's the Gap, which is constantly criticized for stale merchandise
but less often for bad store design. Or, more accurately, lack of store design.
"Gaps are boring," Sway says. "They need a concept. You've got to have a
gimmick."

Oddly enough, the saving grace could be the rising popularity of lifestyle
centers, which can seem a bit cookie cutter themselves with their manufactured
urbanism and boring mix of chain stores. But unlike regional malls, lifestyle
centers aren't constrained by square spaces and standard ceiling heights, so
stores can literally break out of the box. Store designers are hoping this new
format will encourage retailers to make a statement.

Let's hope that statement includes space to comfortably move about the
merchandise, even with a stroller or wheelchair.

Consumer columnist Allison Kaplan can be reached at akaplan@pioneerpress.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 6, 2007 Saturday
                                  City Edition

POINT COUNTERPOINT

BYLINE: Mike Baldwin and John Helsley

SECTION: SPORTS; POINT COUNTERPOINT; Pg. 13C

LENGTH: 360 words


What is the toughest Big 12 stadium to play in? Oklahoma State plays at what
most consider the top two venues the next two weeks:  Mike Baldwin: Texas A&M
has cool traditions. Kyle Field sways. But give me Memorial Stadium in Lincoln.
It's by far the best group of fans in the conference. Who else cheers the
opposing team when they leave the field? Any program that can sell out every
home game 45 consecutive years has no equal.

John Helsley: Yeah, those folks in Lincoln are loyal. Polite, too. But give me
Kyle Field. There's a reason it sways. Aggie fans are into it. They're proud and
they're loud and they're nasty within reason. Oh, and don't forget A&M's band,
the best band in the land.

Baldwin: A&M averaged 5,000 empty seats for its three non-conference games. It
might not even be full tonight. Meanwhile, Nebraska has had 285 consecutive
sellouts dating back to 1962. Last year they added 6,000 seats. Capacity is now
over 85,000. And they still sell out every game. It's arguably the loudest
stadium in the league.

Helsley: It is impressive, although, what else is there to be passionate about
in Lincoln? Besides, I beg to differ about the loud factor. Kyle Field is
deafening, leaving your ears ringing, like you've been to a Ted Nugent concert.
Don't dismiss the traditions, either. The 12th Man. The Aggie War Hymn. Kissing
in the stands. The cadets with their sabers. There isn't a better game day
atmosphere on campus anywhere.

Baldwin: Best atmosphere? I'll give you that. But atmosphere doesn't translate
into wins. Over the past 20 years, the Cornhuskers are 119-12 at home. Dating
back to when the sellout streak started, Nebraska is an unfathomable 250-35 at
home. Even in recent years when the 'Huskers have been down, Memorial Stadium
has been a tough place to win.

Helsley: Mighty Ball State surely agrees. Kyle Field isn't an easy place to win,
either. And atmosphere has everything to do with it. That's why the 12th Man
legend was born. If you're looking for a place to witness a Saturday spectacle,
and you prefer Memorial Stadium, knock yourself out. I'll take Kyle Field and
all its pageantry. And there's a long line behind me.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: PREGAME

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           January 17, 2008 Thursday

Barack Obama meets with single moms in San Francisco

BYLINE: By Julia Prodis Sulek Mercury News

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 244 words


Presidential candidate Barack Obama met with four single mothers today in San
Francsico to discuss his economic policy.

Two of the women are staunch Obama supporters, but the other two women described
themselves as "on the fence," the type of voters that candidates are seriously
wooing as the race to California's Feb. 5 primary gets down to the wire.

More than a hundred members of the media crowded into the Women's Building in
the Mission District, where Obama laid out tax plans he believes will help
working families.

As Obama's bid for the Democratic Party's presidential nomination enters its
final stretches in California, all the candidates are trying to sway the
undecided voters, who make up a large portion of the California electorate.

One of the people he hoped to sway was Kara Daillak, 38, a San Francisco school
teacher. She brought her 6-week-old son to hear Obama.

"I've been on the fence because it is high time for a woman to be in the White
House," she said.

To date, she said, there has been a lot of talk about "I am a candidate for
change."

"Now I want to dig in a lot more into the policy specifics and see what is
behind the rhetoric," Daillak said.

Obama, the son of the single mother, discussed his plan to provide working
families with tax cuts - to reduce the costs of child care and dependent care -
and to provide paid medical and sick leave.

After speaking for about an hour, the candidate left San Francisco for a
fundraiser in Atherton.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Democratic Party Presidential candidate Barack Obama, met with Northern
California women to talk about families and their needs, Thursday January 17,
2007. (Maria J. Avila/Mercury News)
Democratic Party Presidential candidate Barack Obama (Center), met with Northern
California wome,Kara Daillak, of San Francisco, (Lt. to Rt.) Serina Rankins, of
Vallejo, Jacinda Abcarian, of Oakland, and Serena Kirk, of Sacrament , to talk
about families and their needs, Thursday January 17, 2007. (Maria J.
Avila/Mercury News)
Democratic Party Presidential candidate Barack Obama (Center), met with Northern
California wome,Kara Daillak, of San Francisco, (Lt. to Rt.) Serina Rankins, of
Vallejo, Jacinda Abcarian, of Oakland, and Serena Kirk, of Sacrament , to talk
about families and their needs, Thursday January 17, 2007. (Maria J.
Avila/Mercury News)
Democratic Party Presidential candidate Barack Obama, met with Northern
California women to talk about families and their needs, Thursday January 17,
2007. (Maria J. Avila/Mercury News)
Democratic Party Presidential candidate Barack Obama, met with Northern
California women to talk about families and their needs, Thursday January 17,
2007. (Maria J. Avila/Mercury News)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                              May 20, 2011 Friday

Mucho Macho Man will rule the Preakness

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 705 words


I once wrote that the Preakness Stakes is like a second marriage.

Only half the original participants show up, and they do so with a certain
wariness not seen the first time around.

That is certainly true today. Of the 19 Kentucky Derby starters a fortnight ago,
only Shackleford, Midnight Interlude, Mucho Macho Man, Dialed In and Animal
Kingdom remain from the latter's tour de force on May 7 at 20-1 odds.

Nine other new entrants will enter the Pimlico starting gate tomorrow and some
are accorded more than a puncher's chance, including Astrology, Flashpoint, Sway
Away and Dance City. This will be the first full starting gate of 14 for the Run
For The Black-Eyed Susans since Alfleet Alex won the Woodlawn Vase in 2005.

Perhaps the key to tomorrow's Preakness Stakes is Flashpoint, who figures to be
the speed of the speed. There will be no dawdling fractions, as Shackleford was
allowed to set his own pace in the Derby and still could not last, finishing
fourth.

He'll be joined by Flashpoint and Dance City, with the former figuring to be in
front. He's been training gangbusters at Keeneland Racecourse since being
transferred from the barn of Richard Dutrow to Wesley Ward's shedrow following
his fourth-place finish in the Florida Derby.

Those vying for early position as the pressers will be Astrology, Midnight
Interlude, Mucho Macho Man, Isn't He Perfect, locally-based Concealed Identity
and Mr. Commons.

Biding their time for one big, sustained run will be Norman Asbjornson, King
Congie, Sway Away, Derby winner Animal Kingdom and Dialed In.

Though Derby winner Animal Kingdom has done nothing wrong since his win in
Louisville two weeks ago, and racing sure could use another Triple Crown winner,
the feeling here is that trainer Kathy Ritvo's Mucho Macho Man will get first
jump on the tiring leaders and hold off Animal Kingdom at the wire.

What a story that would be. Unless you've been in a cave this past month, you've
heard about Ritvo's heart transplant three years ago against all odds. What many
don't know is that Mucho Macho Man was thought to be stillborn at about the same
time as Ritvo's surgery. Exiting her dam's womb, the young foal, who won't even
turn three-years-old until after the Belmont Stakes, did not move. Then, like
Lazarus rising from the dead, he suddenly bounced up and began nuzzling his mom.

A throwback to a former era, Mucho Macho Man raced eight times before the Derby
and has worked very well since. He seems to thrive on the regimen and even
kicked into another gear in the last 200 yards of the Derby, nearly catching
Nehro for second place. That's quite a feat for a very young horse at a
mile-and-a quarter in the spring of his not-even three-year-old year.

Animal Kingdom deserves the favoritism he'll receive tomorrow. I just feel that
2-1 odds is too short a price to take on a horse that could regress off his
first dirt race. However, he should be used in exactas and trifectas.

The two sleepers tomorrow are Sway Away and Dance City, both exiting the key
race Arkansas Derby. Winner Archarcharch never had a chance in the Kentucky
Derby, breaking from the disadvantageuous post position number one and then
suffering a career-ending injury. Nehro, the second-place finisher, also
finished second in the Derby but will skip tomorrow's race, which would have
been his fourth start in eight weeks. Fifth-place finisher Alternation won the
Peter Pan stakes at Belmont Park last Saturday and may be pointing for the
Belmont Stakes on June 11.

That leaves Sway Away (4th) and Dance City (3rd), both of whom have been
training forwardly for tomorrow's Preakness. Sway Away is the pick of the two
here because Dance City may be caught in the early speed duel, using much needed
gas too soon. But don't discount him entirely.

This Preakness is definitely not an afterthought following the Run for the
Roses. It should be quite a race.

THE PICKS

Win -- (9) Mucho Macho Man

Place -- (11) Animal Kingdom

Show -- (6) Sway Away

Live Longshot -- (8) Dance City

THE BETS

$15 to win -- (9) Mucho Macho Man

$4 to win -- (6) Sway Away and (8) Dance City

$1 exacta box -- 6,8,9,11

$1 trifecta -- 9 with 6,8,11 with 6,8,11

$1 trifecta -- 6,8,11 with 9 with 6,8,11

Paul Daley's email address is pjdaleys@verizon.net .

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             August 16, 2013 Friday
                               Austin360 Edition

Chef Rene Ortiz leaves La Condesa and Sway

BYLINE: Matthew Odam American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: A360; Pg. T9

LENGTH: 978 words


Sway and La Condesa executive chef Rene Ortiz has left his post with the Violet
Crown Management group owned by Jesse Herman and Delfo Trombetta. The James
Beard Award semifinalist helped open upscale Mexican restaurant La Condesa, the
culinary jewel of the 2nd Street District downtown, in 2009 and opened Thai
restaurant Sway on South First Street earlier this year. Herman said he and
Trombetta were not surprised by the departure and support Ortiz 100 percent in
his next endeavor.

It was also announced this week that executive pastry chef and fellow James
Beard semi-finalist Laura Sawicki will leave the two restaurants in the near
future. "The talent at La Condesa and Sway is very deep and we do not expect to
miss a beat," Herman said. As for Sawicki's and Ortiz's futures, we have calls
out to both to see what they plan to do next.

Coming soon

If you've driven down East Seventh Street recently, you might have seen a sign
of change. Specifically: What once was Karibu Ethiopian Restaurant and Bar at
1209 E. Seventh St. has started its slow transformation into the Hightower.

The restaurant is the new venture from chef Chad Dolezal and his partner, Victor
Farnsworth. The two men previously worked together at the short-lived El Arbol,
the oversized treehouse restaurant specializing in Argentinian steaks that
closed in 2011.

Dolezal, who used his late mother's maiden name for the new restaurant's name,
says the Hightower will have a fairly small menu of about 15 New American
dishes. After working at the more high-end El Arbol, Dolezal said he and
Farnsworth wanted to create a casual neighborhood restaurant with more
affordable price points.

Owners are testing an assortment of potential menu items, including carnitas,
pickled mustard greens with beer cheese soup, and fried boudin with charred
carrots.

As with any new restaurant, the opening date is a moving target, but best-case
scenario would mean a November opening, though a 2014 open date is also likely.

Now open

La Mancha Tex Mex Tavern has opened at 2203 Hancock Drive in the space formerly
occupied by Jorge's Restaurant. (512-467-4108, LaManchaTexMex.com)

Honors

Bon Appetit magazine named Jeffrey's (and its sister restaurant Josephine House)
one of the 10 best new restaurants in the country. Restaurant writer Andrew
Knowlton wrote of the two restaurants from McGuire Moorman Hospitality, "Details
make the difference at the country's most stylish pair of restaurants." The
Clarksville restaurants take the eighth spot on a list topped by Alma in Los
Angeles. The Pass & Provisions of Houston landed at No. 6 on the list. Bon
Appetit named its 50 finalists last week. That roster included North Austin
ramen shop Ramen Tatsu-Ya and hip South Austin Thai restaurant Sway.

Events

Salt & Time Butcher Shop & Salumeria hosts a dinner on Wednesday featuring food
paired with beer from Colorado's Oskar Blues Brewery. The five-course menu
includes white fish two ways paired with Mama's Little Yella Pils and a shin of
beef paired with G'Knight Imperial Red. Tickets are $60. More information at
SaltAndTime.com/Events.

Are you ready for some football? Soccer, that is. The world-renowned English
Premier League kicks off Saturday and Fado Irish Pub will air the matches along
with a weekend brunch menu that includes items like the Hangover Sandwich (two
fried eggs, Irish sausage, rashers and Irish cheddar on sourdough). Fado will
open 15 minutes before kick-off every Saturday and Sunday during the season.
That means 6:30 a.m. this Saturday and 7:15 .a.m. Sunday. For the complete
schedule, visit FadoIrishPub.com/Austin/Sports.

Trace at the W (200 Lavaca St.) hosts their second annual Ice Cream Social at 1
p.m. Saturday to benefit nonprofit organization SafePlace. Trace's executive
pastry chef and James Beard Award semifinalist Janina O'Leary will offer flavors
such as lemon meringue, strawberries and cream, and a Rolo candy-inspired ice
cream. The talented chef also will create "adult" flavors rum mint punch and
chocolate Baileys swirl. The event is free, but to "earn a spoon" and get a
taste of the treats, guests must bring school supplies to donate to SafePlace.
Learn more about SafePlace's suggested school supply donations at
SafePlace.org/BackToSchool. Event details at TraceAustin.com/IceCream.

Chuy's 25th annual Green Chile Festival kicks off Monday and runs through Sept.
8 at all five Austin-area locations. The celebration of Austin's favorite
adopted green chile from Hatch, N.M., marks the only time each year that Chuy's
introduces new menu items. This year's additions include seven green
chili-inspired dishes such as New Mexican rolls, Hatch Valley chicken enchiladas
and tacos al pastor.

Closed

The Fuddruckers in the Brodie Oaks Shopping Center on South Lamar Boulevard has
closed (much to the chagrin of former Statesman music writer Michael Corcoran ).
Mr. Corcoran will be pleased to know that there are still locations in Round
Rock and Cedar Park. He may be even more pleased to know an article featuring my
favorite 10 burgers in Austin will run in Austin360 on Aug. 30.

Eating my words

In last week's column, I praised West Austin restaurant Fabi + Rosi, which I
really enjoy and which will make a climb in my annual Top 50 restaurants
ranking. However, I accidentally wrote that the restaurant "never fails to
disappoint," when what I really meant (obviously) is that it "never fails to
impress." A reader kindly pointed out the error of my ways. I blame the heat.
And the artery-clogging butter in that excellent escargot dish.

Contact Matthew Odam at 512-912-5986. Twitter: @odam

BOX:

Welcome to the feed

Welcome to the the Feed, my weekly column covering restaurant news, trends and
events from the vibrant Austin dining scene, as well as a weekly dining tip.
Reach out to me with questions, comments or news at modam@statesman.com Follow
me on Twitter at TheFeed360.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             July 21, 2015 Tuesday
                              TUE REGIONAL Edition

The Open Forum Letters to the Editor

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 485 words


A lack of oversight at RTD

Re: "Court filings allege bribes; Prosecutors say a former RTD manager accepted
thousands of dollars to sway contract decisions," July 16 news story.

It seems to me that RTD has no management or oversight of its employees, as set
forth in The Denver Post's article indicating a former RTD manager accepted
thousands of dollars to sway contract decisions.

The way to solve this is to return the power of awarding contracts to the
state's transportation department and let the governor and legislature monitor
the incompetent RTD operation, which is costing the taxpayers thousands of
dollars.

When I was chairman of RTD, the manager balked at the board monitoring the
awarding of contracts. Look what they have now.

Ben Klein, DenverThe writer is a former chairman of the RTD Board of Directors.

Allow medical pot for PTSD

Re: "Colorado board votes no on medical pot for PTSD," July 16 news story.

I am a Vietnam veteran suffering from post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). It
took me years to figure the problem out and a couple more for the drugs to take
effect. I wasn't capable of dealing with society, but after a few years of the
correct drugs, managing society became tolerable.

After the Colorado Board of Health's vote not to add post traumatic stress
disorder to the medical conditions that can be treated under the state's medical
marijuana program, I wonder how many of the board's members are veterans, and
why they would not give a hint of hope for a PTSD patient.

The anxiety for these patients is beyond description, and not giving them any
comfort, no matter the cost, is incomprehensible. Give vets a chance!

Steve Dade, Aurora

Architect: DIA hotel a black eye

I retired from my architectural practice of Fentress Bradburn Architects at the
end of 2004 and settled in a very small south central Colorado town. People kept
asking me what I thought of the new Denver International Airport hotel. Upon
returning to Denver for a visit, I was shocked to see that all the king's horses
and all the king's men had given my iconic design for the terminal a big black
eye! And it's right in the center as you approach the terminal. What were they
thinking?

Jim Bradburn, Cotopaxi

Don't take state fair from Pueblo

Re: "Last go rounds in Pueblo? A legislative committee voices its frustrations
over the loss of money," July 16 news story.

So tiresome: Every year another Denver area official proposes moving the
Colorado State Fair to Denver. Expected behavior from typical geocentric
Denverites. Dirty old Pueblo is just a place Denver folks drive through with
their doors locked.

How about Denver folks take a pittance out of the dollars they're considering
lavishing on a shiny new National Western Stock Show venue and throw them down
south? Then they might rouse themselves to head south on Interstate 25 to see
how special the fair is in its location of 125 years.

Dennis Chappell, Pueblo

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Business alumnus developing a vision of volunteerism

BYLINE: ANGIE MARCOS STAFF writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: CSUF; Pg. Cover

LENGTH: 1082 words



HIGHLIGHT: Michael Willis vowed to make his last year at Cal State Fullerton
count. What he found was a passion for nonprofit work.


 When he was a student at Ruby Drive Elementary School in Placentia, Michael
Willis' class took a field trip to Cal State Fullerton. It was on that trip that
Willis decided that if he could make it happen, he would one day attend CSUF.

In May, Willis graduated from CSUF with a bachelor's degree in business
administration and minor in psychology.

As a full-time student at the uni versity, Willis worked three part-time jobs
and commuted from Bellflower.

"That was basically the only reason why I wasn't involved," said Willis, 26.

A year before graduating, Willis realized he had been so preoccupied with work
and classes that he hadn't participated in any internships, university clubs or
organizations. He vowed to make a change.

In his last year at CSUF, he was involved as sponsorship director for the
university's entertainment and tourism club, as well as director of event
planning for Behind the Scenes, an on-campus student organization.

Willis began two internships at nonprofits during this time - one at THINK
(Teaching, Helping, Inspiring and Nurturing Kids) Together, a Santa Ana-based
organization that offers after-school programs and activities for
underprivileged youth, and the other at Special Olympics Orange County.

Through connections at CSUF, he also was able to take on a community relations
internship with the Los Angeles Clippers.

"Eventually all of the goals I had put on my list came true," Willis said.

However, upon graduating in May, he found himself at a stopping point.

"I was kind of stressed because I didn't know what my next steps were going to
be," he said.

Then came a phone call.

The next step

Earlier in the year, Willis applied for a fellowship opportunity through CSUF's
Gianneschi Center for Nonprofit Research, which is run out of the university's
Mihaylo College of Business and Economics.

At the end of May, Willis was notified by Susan Cadwallader, director of the
center, that he had been chosen as the recipient of the 2015 Gianneschi Student
Fellowship for Nonprofit Leadership Award.

"I did not expect to get that call saying that I got (the fellowship)," Willis
said. "I was gloating the whole day."

The Gianneschi Center for Nonprofit Research supports and encourages the work of
nonprofits and helps to educate the community about the nonprofit sector.

Funding for the fellowship was provided by the Wells Fargo Philanthropic
Foundation.

Through the fellowship, Willis was connected with Fullerton-based Pathways of
Hope, where he helped the nonprofit create, amend and implement policies and
procedures, as well as produce training manuals for volunteers.

Pathways of Hope provides assistance to the hungry and homeless of Orange
County.

With all of the nonprofit experience he had gathered his last year at CSUF and
the summer after graduating due to the fellowship, Willis was determined to
remain involved in the nonprofit sector.

"I'm interested in volunteering and giving back to the community," Willis said.
"And I feel like every nonprofit I've come in contact with has had that similar
vision, which is to help out the community."

When his fellowship ended in July, Willis received a job offer from THINK
Together. He now is the manager of volunteers at the nonprofit.

Apart from his full-time job, Willis is juggling the startup of a nonprofit of
his own - Serve the Way, or Sway.

The mission of the organization is to inspire individuals to volunteer through
community engagement. Through Sway, Willis typically partners with local
organizations or groups and helps to recruit volunteers for their events or
programs.

"We help out and volunteer with everything," said Willis, who acts as the
co-founder and president of the nonprofit.

In January, Willis made Sway a reality.

At the first meeting, there were about 10 CSUF students in attendance. In less
than a year, he's been able grow membership to include 120 people.

Sway's first volunteering event was at the CSUF Special Games in May.

"From there, we just kept doing different things," Willis said.

Sway offers its members at least three volunteer opportunities each month.

"The whole idea is basically to inspire those who are interested in
volunteering," he said. "In college, you have all these different obligations -
you might not have the time to volunteer or know where you can volunteer."

While Sway was at first primarily targeted for college students - specifically
those attending CSUF - Willis now is focusing his outreach on all of Southern
California and people of all ages.

Every time a new member joins, Willis is inspired to continue to grow his
nonprofit, he said.

"I hope for it to be a registered nonprofit one day," Willis said.

He is waiting to register the organization until he and his members can decide
on one cause they should zero in on.

A career in nonprofit and volunteer management

For Willis, his time at CSUF ultimately led him to what he believes will be a
life time of work in the fields of nonprofit and volunteerism.

"I want to be doing something that I love, also something that I feel is really
making an impact on the community and the world," he said. "I just want to know
that I made an impact on the world."

Since its formation earlier this year, Sway has partnered with Monday Night
Mission a number of times.

The nonregistered nonprofit meets on weekdays to feed the hungry and homeless of
Skid Row in downtown Los Angeles.

Willis recalled how much his first trip to Skid Row with Sway meant not only to
him, but to those he and his group of volunteers helped feed.

"I immediately noticed that a lot of the people were just grateful that we were
there," he said. "It was just about showing them that we cared. I could see it
in their faces and in the conversations I had with some of them."

"Things like that inspire me and make me want to keep doing this," Willis said.
"Those are the kinds of experiences I am looking for."

In the future, Willis, who describes himself as "a big sports fan," hopes to
encourage volunteerism through taking on a role with community relations for a
national sports team.

"When celebrities are out in a community and helping out and volunteering, the
youth sees them as role models - they are inspired to go out and do the same,"
Willis said.

As for the traits Willis deems most crucial when recruiting volunteers for the
nonprofit organizations he is affiliated with, he said, "The biggest thing is
passion."

"Besides being reliable, the biggest thing is really passion," Willis said.



amarcos@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                             July 26, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Why we sometimes do things that really make no sense

BYLINE: Hal Goodman

SECTION: BOOKS; Pg. W10

LENGTH: 378  words


SWAY: THE IRRESISTIBLE PULL OF IRRATIONAL BEHAVIOR

by Ori Brafman and Rom Brafman (Doubleday, 206 pages, $25 hardcover)

In Sway, Ori and Rom Brafman, respectively a business consultant and a
psychologist, try to explain why people do dumb things.

Is that a bit vague? Sure, but it's fair, because by the very nature of the
beast, the psychology underlying this field is slippery, shifting and
speculative.

That's no criticism of this immensely entertaining book; the authors make a
convincing case for their thesis: that much irrational behaviour can be traced
to three primary tendencies: "loss aversion," which sends us to ludicrous
lengths to avoid a perceived loss; "value attribution," in which first
impressions take on far more importance than they merit; and the related
"diagnosis bias," defined as "our blindness to all evidence that contradicts our
initial assessment."

Sway is a collection of case studies (how could it be otherwise?) and as
interesting as the psychological explanations are, the real fun lies in the
examples: the Harvard business students who bid up to $204 for a $20 bill (loss
aversion at work: the professor's rules stated that the two highest bidders
would have to make good on their bids, though only the winner got the $20); the
world-famous violinist who, playing a fiendishly difficult Bach piece on his
$3.5 million Stradivarius, attracted no attention because he was standing on a
Washington, D.C., subway platform, dressed in jeans and a baseball cap (value
attribution); the research showing that lower NBA draft picks get significantly
less playing time for as long as five years in the league, regardless of the
quality of their play (the diagnosis bias).

The examples in Sway range from the tragic to the mundane. Why did a vastly
experienced airline pilot take off in bad weather, without tower clearance, from
a runway not equipped to handle his jumbo jet, causing the deadliest air crash
in history? Why do shoppers buy marginally more eggs when the price drops, but
cut their egg buying drastically when it rises slightly? Whether you're flying
or frying, Sway holds lessons for you.

Hal Goodman of Waterloo is an editor, writer and musician. He has written
extensively for The New York Times' Book Review and Travel sections.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Book cover of SWAY: THE IRRESISTIBLE PULL OF IRRATIONAL BEHAVIOR

DOCUMENT-TYPE: REVIEW

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 1, 2015 Friday

US Patent granted to Oshkosh Defense, LLC (Wisconsin) on April 28, 2015 titled
as "Co-axial sway bar for a suspension system"

LENGTH: 266  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 9,016,703, on
April 28, 2015, to Oshkosh Defense, LLC (Wisconsin), titled as "Co-axial sway
bar for a suspension system"

Inventors:  Rowe; Ryan F. (Oshkosh, WI), Drach; Andrew L. (Neenah, WI), Schwyn;
Jeffrey W. (Oshkosh, WI)
Assignee:  Oshkosh Defense, LLC (Oshkosh, WI)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
suspension system for a heavy duty truck or trailer is disclosed as having a
frame and including a first swing arm having a first elongated portion and a
first mounting member having a central axis and coupled to the first elongated
portion. The suspension assembly also includes a second swing arm including a
second elongated portion and a second mounting member having a central axis and
coupled to the second elongated portion. The second mounting member is coaxially
aligned with the first mounting member to define an axis of rotation for the
first swing arm and the second swing arm. The suspension assembly finally
includes a connector coupled to at least one of the first mounting member and
the second mounting member and a sway bar having a central axis, wherein the
sway bar is coupled to the first swing arm and the second swing arm and
positioned such that the central axis of the sway bar is coaxially aligned with
the axis of rotation for the first swing arm and the second swing arm."

The patent was filed on November 14, 2012 Application no. 13/676,698

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 3, 2015 Thursday

Few spots left to scrap over;
Bengals' depth means roster all but set except for a few positions.;
NFL BENGALS

BYLINE: ByJayMorrison

SECTION: ; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 659 words


Coach Marvin Lewis said the final preseason game can confirm decisions on bubble
players.

CINCINNATI - When the Cincinnati Bengals play the Colts in Indianapolis tonight,
it not only will be the preseason finale, it likely will be the last time a few
dozen men will put on an NFL uniform.

Rosters have to be trimmed from 75 to 53 on Saturday, so tonight marks the last
chance to sway the opinion of the coaches.

If they can be swayed.

"I don't know if it sways - it confirms," Bengals coach Marvin Lewis said about
the impact a player can make in his final audition. "You have to make what you
feel is your best decision at that point and move forward. ... It's a big game
for a lot of folks."

It's a non-game for most starters, many of whom will not dress.

The Bengals roster is as deep as it's ever been in Lewis' tenure, which makes
the process of shaping its back end a fluid one. Considering the number of
players who can play multiple positions, the standard numbers at each position

- 10 offensive linemen, six wide receivers, for example - are not a given.

Here is a look at five positions that could be influenced by what happens
tonight:

Offensive line: The second and third groups have not fared well in the first
three games, and there are a handful of guys - Andrew Whitworth, Eric Winston,
Dan France, Jake Fisher - who can play guard and tackle.

It wouldn't be out of the question for the Bengals to keep only nine linemen,
with Andre Smith, Kevin Zeitler, Russell Bodine and Clint Boling being locks for
four other spots.

Cedric Ogbuehi doesn't count against the 53 because he's on the
reserve/physically unable to perform list.

That makes this a big game for France, T.J. Johnson and Trey Hopkins.

Wide receiver: This is another spot where the Bengals could buck the trend and
keep only five, given the lack of solid depth and the fact that running back Rex
Burk-head has proven to be solid out of the slot.

A.J. Green, Mohamed Sanu and Marvin Jones are locks, and rookie seventh-round
pick Mario Alford has shown enough promise to prove he belongs. That leaves
veterans Greg Little and Brandon Tate battling undrafted rookie Jake Kumerow for
one or two spots.

Kumerow has not been used until late in the preseason, and he has practice squad
eligibility.

Defensive line: A lot of people will be watching the line, not only because
seemingly everyone is pulling for Devon Still, but because it's the deepest spot
on the team. Whoever gets a pink slip is going to get a lot of attention on the
waiver wire.

The top eight on the depth chart are Carlos Dunlap, Geno Atkins, Domata Peko,
Michael Johnson, Margus Hunt, Pat Sims, Brandon Thompson and Wallace Gilberry.
If that's also the top eight in the mind of the coaches, that leaves Still, Will
Clarke and rookie fifth-round pick Marcus Hardison on the bubble for two spots,
if the team goes with the standard 10.

It's hard to see the team parting ways with Clarke, and Hardison has been
impressive. But so has Still, and Sims has a history of injuries and is battling
another one.

Linebacker: As is the case at safety, this seems to be coming down to two guys -
Chris Carter vs. Marquis Flowers.

The Bengals have not made a move with Vontaze Burfict. If they elect to place
him on the PUP list, which would mean he would miss at least six games, that
would free up a spot.

Carter is a little small for a linebacker and is on his third team in five
years, but he has really stood out lining up at defensive end. Flowers has
prototypical linebacker size but is a project.

Safety: All signs point to this coming down to a battle between veteran Shiloh
Keo and rookie sixth-round pick Derron Smith.

The coaches love what they have seen from Smith, and he would be a lock for the
practice squad if he clears waivers.

Maybe the team keeps both and goes with five safeties and only five cornerbacks
instead of the usual six, but that doesn't seem likely.

Contact this reporterat 513-820-2193 oremailJay. Morrison@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              198 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                             July 1, 2000, Saturday

Full bore action

BYLINE: Des Partridge

SECTION: BAM; Pg. M09

LENGTH: 1043 words


Movies by Des Partridge

GONE IN 60 SECONDS (MA) **

THE FILTH AND THE FURY (MA) *** 1/2

TO MAKE a B-grade movie, first take a B-grade movie (from 1974), throw in three
Oscar-winning actors, heat up the plot a little with slick editing and lots of
sound effects, and devise a sleek marketing campaign in the hope that the
audience won't detect the shoddy nature of the merchandise.

That's how it is with the latest from Jerry Bruckheimer (The Rock, Con Air,
Armageddon), a big loud package headlined by Nicolas Cage, Robert Duvall and
Angelina Jolie, under the direction of Dominc Sena, a former music video
director who made his feature debut with Brad Pitt's easy to resist Kalifornia.

This wants to be a flash car, but it's a secondhand model that doesn't travel
well at all.

The original Gone In 60 Seconds, made in 1974 by the late H.B. "Toby" Halicki,
was a car crash movie aimed at the sort of audience that laps up World's
Greatest Car Crashes programmes on television.

It had no illusions about its status in the movie firmament and remained very
much an underground film, hardly seen in Australia.

Something sleeker and more appealing was anticipated from the carefully crafted
trailer that's been promoting the Bruckheimer-Sena remake for the past few
months in theatres and on television.

This time around, the screenplay, by Scott Rosenberg (Con Air), offers a dozen
characters, but none of them ever becomes more interesting than the sleek cars
which remain the centre of attention.

Rosenberg tries to make us care about the central relationship that drives the
muddled plot -- Cage as a legendary car thief "Memphis" Raines who, after six
years of living a crime-free life, has to become involved one more time to get
his younger brother, Kip (Giovanni Ribisi, Saving Private Ryan) out of a jam.

You can also throw in some sort of minor love interest, with Memphis re-united
with his ex-girlfriend, "Sway" (what interesting names these people have).
Because Sway has such a small part, and because she's a girl who clearly wants
always to be the centre of attention, Girl, Interrupted Supporting Actress Oscar
winner Jolie plays Sway with a frightening head of unnatural looking blonde
dreadlocks that do appear to sway in the California breezes.

Memphis has been a law-abiding citizen supervising activities at a kids' go-kart
track since he decided to move away from Long Beach because he doesn't want his
young brother to follow in his criminal footsteps.

But Kip has become involved with a big-time car theft operator known as the
Carpenter (British actor Christopher Eccleston).

The Carpenter shows Memphis a hand-crafted coffin he's just made, clearly
intending to have Kip trying it for size if Memphis can't finish the job Kip
started but bungled.

The Carpenter wants 50 cars stolen from Long Beach in four days to provide a
container load of vehicles for a client in South America.

Memphis, with Cage affecting the right-down-low Elvis Presley-voice that's
become his trademark, has to round up a group of veteran thieves (including the
non-communicative Sphinx -- soccer hard-man Vinnie Jones) and reluctantly lets
Kip and some of his inexperienced buddies also help fill the order.

While a local detective (Delroy Lindo) senses that something big is about to go
down, he seems powerless to stop the experienced thieves.

Ultimately, in a none-too-reassuring message about who we should be barracking
for here, he turns a blind eye to Memphis' renewed criminal activity.

With little of interest in the script he's been delivered, Sena is content to
practically ignore his big line-up of actors, and focuses instead on peripheral
action, the cars and the methods used to steal them.

The story unfolds in murky images and even the high-speed car chases you know
are going to be part of the action fail to generate much excitement.

Memo to Mr Cage, Mr Duvall and Ms Jolie: Please send back your Oscars before
they tarnish.

EVEN if you were not remotely interested in the sort of music the Sex Pistols
were making for a couple of years in the mid-1970s, Julien Temple's unapologetic
documentary The Filth And The Fury makes absorbing viewing as social history.

Surviving band members reflect on their whirlwind careers while archival footage
reminds us of the dispirited mood which gripped Britain when the Pistols were
spawned to excite millions -- and disgust many millions more, including the
Fleet Street headline writer whose banner headline on an incident involving the
band provides the title for Temple's film.

Mixing old TV clips, Monty Python-style animation, comedy and even bits of Sir
Laurence Olivier performing as Richard III and Hamlet, Temple's rich archival
treasure (found in storage in a London suburb) offers a counter-view to 1980's
The Great Rock And Roll Swindle which allowed the Pistols's manager, Malcolm
McLaren, to do most of the talking.

Johnny Rotten/Lydon, and the other surviving band members, are filmed in
shadows, with Temple clearly anxious to have fans see them only as the young men
they were in the '70s, and not the mid-40-year-olds they are today.

Rotten -- who now lives and works in Los Angeles and who even turned up on the
ABC's Foreign Correspondent programme this week -- says most reflections by
1970s bands consist of people saying how great and wonderful everything was.

He disputes this: "It's hell, it's hard, it's horrible," he says. "At the end of
the day, it's your work that matters. We managed to offend all the people we
were fed up with."

With Britain's working class confused by the direction the country was taking,
the Sex Pistols emerged to illuminate the social discord. Though producing only
one album, the band was never far from the headlines.

Rich recording contracts won while singing about anarchy quickly evaporated
under the almost constant outrage provoked by the band's actions and, after two
dizzy years -- while touring in America -- it was all over.

What is perhaps most surprising about Temple's favourable account of their
amazing journey is the humour with which it is recalled by Rotten and his mates.

Malcolm McLaren mightn't enjoy The Filth And The Fury, but it holds your
interest for every one of its 105 minutes.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 2000 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              199 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            July 17, 2003, Thursday

POET IS VERSE CHOICE FOR WNEW O'NITE GIG

BYLINE: By DAVID HINCKLEY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: TELEVISION; Pg. 94

LENGTH: 317 words

The new "Blink" (WNEW, 102.7 FM) offers a little bit of everything. So why not
hire a poet for the overnight shift?

Don Leake, who will be "Postmidnight" when he starts "in the next few weeks,"
won the shift in an on-air station contest.

Hailing from Rahway, N.J., he's a near-rookie in radio, but well-known as a
spoken word artist. He's also a movie

fanatic, with a deep well of cinematic trivia.

Blink's open audition for the job drew several thousand applications, and Leake
was one of five finalists.

His only previous radio experience was at his college station.

Blink said his new position will pay $100,000 a year, which is more than most
spoken word gigs.

HOT TIMES: DJ Sway and his crew, who have been holding down mornings at WQHT
(97.1 FM),  thanked listeners yesterday after reporting

that Arbitron ratings for June showed Hot-97 ahead of Howard Stern

among 18- to 34-year-olds.

Sway's team came in suddenly after the suspension of morning host Star - a
situation to which Sway and company have rarely referred. Star is technically on
suspension, though the station doesn't mention him and Sway's team has its own
jingles.

Yesterday Sway called his team's position "transitional."

Officially, WQHT program director Tracy Cloherty says, there is no permanent
morning show "right at the moment." She and other station officials would
obviously like to have that situation resolved soon, because while Hot-97 is
holding steady in the ratings, rival Power-105 has been slowly moving up.

WQHT also has been missing its regular afternoon host, with Angie Martinez  on
maternity leave. Cloherty says Martinez will do a live station event next month
and "we hope to have her back on the air in the fall."

But afternoons haven't been as much of an issue as mornings. The spring ratings
actually went up with regular midday host Sunny sitting in for Martinez.


LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              200 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           January 20, 2010 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

ECONOMY WATCH

BYLINE: State Journal staff, wire services

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 577 words


COMMODITIES: Precious metals prices rose again Tuesday, led by strong demand for
platinum and palladium, which are used primarily in industrial production.
Platinum for April delivery surged $43.30, or 2.7 percent, to settle at
$1,639.40 an ounce. Palladium for March delivery climbed $14.20, or 3.2 percent,
to $461.95 an ounce. Gold prices also rose Tuesday, adding $9.50 to settle at
$1,140.00 an ounce for February contracts. Grain prices fell. Wheat for March
delivery fell 9.5 cents to settle at $5.005 a bushel, while soybeans for March
delivery dropped 10.5 cents to $9.635 a bushel. Corn fell 2.25 cents to $3.6925
a bushel.

PUBLISHING

Lee posts quarterly profit

NEW YORK - Lee Enterprises Inc. of Davenport, Iowa, posted its second
consecutive quarterly profit Tuesday.

Lee said ad trends improved throughout its fiscal first quarter, which ended
Dec. 27. That improvement "appears to be continuing into January and February,"
CEO Mary Junck said in a statement.

Lee's ad revenue dropped 16.4 percent from the same quarter a year earlier. In
the prior quarter, Lee's fiscal fourth, ad revenue fell 23.8 percent from the
same period in 2008.

However, publishers now face easier year-over-year comparisons because ad
revenue was already taking a dive toward the end of 2008. A year ago, Lee
reported a 15.2 percent drop in ad revenue from 2007 levels.

For the most recent quarter, Lee said it earned $27.9 million, or 62 cents per
share. It lost $48.7 million, or $1.10 per share, a year earlier.

Stripping out a $31.1 million accounting gain for lower medical liabilities and
other one-time items, earnings came to 25 cents per share, up a penny from the
comparable figure in the same quarter of 2008. Overall revenue slid 14 percent
to $209.8 million from $243.6 million a year earlier.

On Tuesday, Lee shares closed up 44 cents, to $4.49.

Lee Enterprises owns half of Madison-based Capital Newspapers, publisher of the
Wisconsin State Journal and The Capital Times.

TECHNOLOGY

SOCIAL MEDIA FIRM GETS MONEY

Sway, a social media company in Middleton, has received $2 million in a
financing round led by two suburban Chicago firms: Origin Ventures and Leo
Capital Holdings.

The money is expected to be used to expand Shoutlet, Sway's social media content
distribution and communications platform. Shoutlet lets companies or advertising
agencies target marketing campaigns to specific groups of people on social media
outlets such as Facebook. It also gathers data on response to those campaigns.

Founded in 2004, Sway has about 20 employees.

BRIEFLY

Kraft Foods ' $19.5 billion deal to buy chocolate and gum maker Cadbury LLC will
create the world's largest candy company, greatly expand Kraft's share of that
lucrative business and open opportunities worldwide to sell its other snacks.
Cadbury shareholders are expected to approved the sweetened deal announced
Tuesday, which is to close in February. Ending months of jousting, Kraft raised
its offer 9 percent to $19.5 billion to win over the board at Cadbury, the
British maker of Cadbury Dairy Milk and other chocolates, and Trident, Dentyne,
Bazooka and other gum. Based in Northfield, Ill., Kraft already is the world's
second-largest food company with such products as its namesake cheese, Oreo
cookies and other packaged foods. The combined company would have 40 major candy
and gum brands and more than $50 billion in annual revenue, and its market share
would edge out Mars Co. at the top of the candy industry.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Digest

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                              May 12, 2009 Tuesday

Can English architects survive in New York?

LENGTH: 504 words

ABSTRACT

Jonathan Glancey: Norman Foster and Richard Rogers are the first to suffer as
redevelopment of Ground Zero hits hard times. Hardly surprising - they're Limeys


FULL TEXT

No one should be surprised that the 79-storey and 71-storey skyscrapers designed
by Norman Foster and Richard Rogers for New York's Ground Zero have been . The
site of the New York Port Authority's World Trade Centre has always been a
breathlessly commercial phenomenon, and now that times are hard, the site's
developers are cutting their architectural cloth. It might have been a nice
transatlantic gesture to have two Limey architects on board, but now that push
comes to shove, it's time for a lower-budget, all-American development.

In the immediate aftermath of the 2001 attack on the World Trade Centre,
emotions held sway. What was going to be built on the charred ruins of the Twin
Towers was a Freedom Tower, 1,776-ft tall, calling to mind the year of the
Declaration of Independence, one of the most stirring political documents of all
time. Designed by the Polish-American architect Daniel Libeskind, the tower and
the public artwork at its base would be a wildly imaginative and altruistic
symbol of US-style liberty.

But, as President Calvin Coolidge reminded the world in 1925, "the business of
the United States is business". And it is business rather than sentimentality
that has held sway in the development of Ground Zero. Because of this, foreign
architects can expect short shrift. Even Daniel Libeskind, a US citizen, saw his
role diminished as the mightily commercial New York and Chicago practice SOM
replaced him as the architect of the Freedom Tower.

Foster himself is, in fact, one of the few foreign architects to have made
headway in New York. To build in this great city, it's a good idea to be an
American. If Rogers and Foster, who studied for their master's degrees at Yale,
would only choose to settle in Manhattan and become US citizens, they might be
building skyscrapers rather than stumps today.

Foster's Hearst headquarters is an impressive and original addition to the
Manhattan skyline, yet one of the few designed by foreign architects. You might
hold up your hand and say, hey, what about the Seagram Building by Mies van der
Rohe; Marcel Breuer's Whitney Museum; the Pan-Am building by Walter Gropius,
founder of the Bauhaus; and across the river, the charismatic TWA Terminal by
Eero Saarinen? Yes, but these Germans, Hungarians and Finns were all
professionals who had left old Europe and become US citizens; while Minoru
Yamasaki, architect of the World Trade Centre, was a second-generation
Japanese-American.

Of course, the New York monument that most symbolises US notions of freedom is
the Statue of Liberty, designed not by an American, but by a cheese-eating
French sculptor, Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi, who studied architecture in Paris,
and lived and died there. But it's significant that the statue was a gift to the
people of the US: it was not commissioned by New York developers.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              May 25, 2007 Friday

'Life is being on the wire. Everything else is just waiting';
Nikolas Wallenda's family has lived the circus daredevil's life for generations
DETAILS

BYLINE: Larry Alexander, Intelligencer Journal Staff

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 627  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


He's not the daring young man on the flying trapeze, but he is certainly one of
the kings of the high wire.

Nikolas Wallenda comes from a family of high-wire aerialists that dates back to
the late 1700s and is the great-grandson of Karl Wallenda, who put the "awe" in
awesome.

Young Wallenda and his wife, Erendira, also a descendent of a long line of
circus performers, are part of Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus, now
at the Giant Center in Hershey.

"John Ringling brought our family here from Europe in 1928 and we spent more
than 30 years with the circus," Wallenda, 28, said during a phone interview from
Hershey, where the circus was setting up. "We are the first of the family to
perform with Ringling since the 1960s."

While the family is world-renowned for its work on the high wire, for this show,
Wallenda and his wife perform on sway poles - slender, 73-foot-tall poles that
sway as much as 20 feet in all directions.

"We change poles, slide down them, swing around on them - all sorts of tricks
like that," Wallenda said.

In addition, he and daredevil performer Bello Nock, whom Wallenda calls "one of
my best friends growing up," perform on a giant spinning wheel.

"We've invented a new type of space wheel," Wallenda said. "It's like a giant
hamster wheel, and we came up with a new design that has never been done before.
That's why I'm back with Ringling, on account of this new design."

Wallenda said he loves developing new and ever-more-daring acts. He said his
great-grandfather, Karl, was known for "making things happen that never happened
before."

That same urge drives young Wallenda.

"I want to do stuff that's never been done in the past," he said. "It's in my
blood. There is no other incentive than, I just want to do that. I want to be
different; unique."

Wallenda began performing as a clown at age 2 in a show at Sea World in San
Diego. As he grew older, he was a juggler and had a dog act, until graduating to
the high wire at 13.

More than most families, the Wallendas are aware of the fragility of life and
the need for safety. In 1962, six out of seven family members, including Karl,
fell during a high wire act in Detroit. Two died and a third, Nikolas' uncle
Mario, was paralyzed from the waist down.

And in 1978, six months before Nikolas' birth, 73-year-old Karl fell to his
death while crossing a wire strung between two buildings in San Juan, Puerto
Rico.

"We definitely learn from those mistakes," Wallenda said. "We've definitely
learned some do's and don'ts."

But those accidents don't deter the Wallendas. Mario, who was paralyzed in 1962
and is in a wheelchair, still performs on the high wire.

"He rolls across the wire a hundred feet up and uses his balancing pole,"
Wallenda said. "He's proof that we love what we do. It's in your blood."

He said performing on the wire and traveling 48 weeks of the year is the only
life he knows. And it's a life he loves. He even proposed to his wife while on
the wire, and their three children, ages 8, 6 and 4, already are following mom
and dad's cautious footsteps.

"My great-grandfather Karl once said 'Life is being on the wire. Everything else
is just waiting,'" Wallenda said. "And that is so true. I feel like I'm myself
and I'm alive when I'm performing in front of a live audience. Walking the wire
to me is life."

Wallenda said he is honored to be carrying on his famous family's tradition.

"It's like standing on the shoulders of giants," he said. "They've created a
legacy that has gone on for seven generations and I've been able to continue it
along. This isn't a job to me. It's what I love to do."

Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus, today 7:30 p.m., Sat. 11:30 a.m.,
3:30 and 7:30 p.m., Sun. 1 and 5 p.m., Mon. 1 p.m., Giant Center, Hershey,
$13-$20, 534-3911.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              203 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            December 14, 2012 Friday

Elementary school shooting: What gun control laws might US voters support?;
An elementary school shooting spree in Connecticut, in which 20 children were
killed, could focus attention on gun control laws. Polls show Americans are open
to limited forms of gun control.

BYLINE: Peter Grier Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 630 words


Will the heartbreaking school shooting in Newtown, Conn., lead to more support
for gun control measures in the US? That's certainly possible. The deaths of so
many innocent children, so young, are likely to earn the crime a place on a
tragic roll call of recent American history. Columbine. Virginia Tech. Tucson,
Ariz. Aurora, Colo. And now Newtown.

Certainly those who have long pushed for greater control on gun ownership see
the awful event as yet another teaching moment to try and sway public opinion to
their side.

"How young do the victims have to be and how many children need to die before we
stop the proliferation of guns in our nation?" said Marion Wright Edelman,
chairman of the Children's Defense Fund, in a statement Friday afternoon.

Yet in the past such calls, however emotional, have done little to sway the
American public's general attitudes towards guns. US citizens tend to see mass
shootings as resulting more from troubled individuals than from easy
availability of firearms.

For instance, a Pew Research survey taken in the wake of July's shootings in an
Aurora cinema found that 67 percent of respondents agreed with the statement
that mass gun killings such as that "are just the isolated acts of troubled
individuals." Twenty-four percent said they "reflect broader problems in
American society."

The Pew poll found US attitudes toward guns little changed after Aurora. Prior
to the shootings, 45 percent of respondents said it was more important to
control gun ownership, while 49 percent said it was more important to protect
the right to own guns. After the shootings, 47 percent said gun control was more
important, while 46 percent said gun rights were more important.

Other polls echo the fact that this is a question on which the US is generally
split. A 2011 Gallup survey found that 44 percent of voters thought US gun laws
should be tightened, while 43 percent felt they should be kept as-is.

Yet this might not be quite the whole story. What's clear is that US public
opinion is against most flat gun bans. Seventy-three percent of respondents told
Gallup that they would not support the banning of handguns, for instance.

Presented with detailed choices, however, many voters approve of particular
moves to control or limit firearm ownership.

A ban on high-capacity ammunition clips, which can carry more than 10 bullets,
appears to be widely popular. A 2011 ABC News/Washington Post survey found 57
percent support for such a ban, and 39 percent opposition.

A CNN/ORC poll from last August found an almost identical result on the clip
question.

As to whether all gun purchasers should undergo a background check to determine
if they have committed a felony, 96 percent of respondents said "yes," in the
CNN/ORC survey.

Majorities also favored banning AK-47-style assault rifles, preventing convicted
felons and the mentally ill from possessing firearms, and requiring gun owners
to register guns with their local government.

The CNN survey showed Americans opposed limiting the number of guns an
individual can own - but only by a 45 to 54 percent margin.

"The public favors most sensible gun policies, policies the US does not have,"
concluded Harvard public health professors David Hemenway and Robert Blendon
after analyzing public polls.

Finally, gun ownership in the US is already on the decline. In the 1970s, about
half of US homes had firearms, according to the long-running General Social
Survey conducted by the National Opinion Research Center. Today only about
one-third do.

"Driving the decline: a dramatic drop in ownership of pistols and shotguns, the
very weapons most likely to be used in violent crimes," writes Patrick Egan, an
assistant professor of politics and public policy at New York University in a
post at the Monkey Cage blog.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            November 19, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Milton Friedman: Economist laid groundwork for Conservative revolution

BYLINE: The Telegraph

SECTION: CITY & OBSERVER; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 658  words


Professor Milton Friedman, who died on Wednesday aged 94, was the leader of the
Chicago School of laissez-faire economics.

Friedman tirelessly championed the moral virtues of the free market and opposed
all forms of state intervention. When he first came to prominence at the
University of Chicago in the late 1940s, he was one of a tiny minority who
ventured to question the prevailing wisdom of Keynesianism.

But by the mid-1970s -- as inflation was let rip and state-dominated economies
slid into decline -- Friedman's ideas were central to the new current of thought
being developed in the U.S. and Britain.

By the beginning of the 1990s, Friedmanite thinking held sway, to varying
degrees, in corridors of power throughout eastern Europe and Latin America. If
he received, in the later part of his life, less credit than he deserved for
economic reform around the world, it was perhaps because there was such a gulf
between the logical purity of what he told governments they should or should not
do, and how far they were willing to follow his advice in practice.

The starting point of Friedman's beliefs was the classical "quantity theory of
money", which held sway among U.S. economists before the shift to Keynesianism
which inspired Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal in the 1930s.

Quantity theory said that the amount of money in circulation was the dominant
factor in the shaping of economic events, whereas John Maynard Keynes taught
that economies could and should be managed by manipulation of taxes and
government spending. Inflation has risen constantly since Keynes formulated his
general theory of it.

Underpinning Friedman's economic principles was a belief, shared with
contemporaries such as Friedrich von Hayek, in the moral values of individual
freedom. "The preservation of freedom," Friedman wrote, "requires limiting
narrowly the role of government and placing primary reliance on private
property, free markets and voluntary arrangements."

He believed that tax-funded government spending was appropriate only to the most
limited set of "public goods," such as national defence, and spoke wistfully of
the pre-1914 era when only three per cent of America's national income was in
the hands of the state; on his 80th birthday in 1992, he observed that the
proportion had reached 44 per cent, and that America had unwittingly become
"half-socialist."

He was opposed to welfare in all its manifestations, proposing instead a system
of negative income tax (partially adopted by Lyndon Johnson) to provide cash for
individuals in poverty while doing away with the expensive and inefficient
machinery of direct welfare provision. He also disapproved of America's public
school system, arguing that, as a socialized monopoly, its product was the
educational equivalent of East Germany's Trabant car.

In California (a state which was, he said, "governed by the bureaucrats for the
bureaucrats"), he campaigned for education vouchers as a first step towards the
ideal of a private education industry competing vigorously to offer parents a
choice.

As to business, Friedman believed that entrepreneurs would always find ways to
circumvent excessive tax and regulation. "An overtaxed economy breathes through
the loopholes," he said, "as grass grows through concrete." He had no time for
minimum wage laws, rent controls, federal regulatory agencies, securities
regulation or licensing boards for occupations and professions.

This line of argument led him into one controversy in which he disagreed with
right-wingers less dedicated than himself to the purest logic of laissez-faire:
he espoused the legalization of cannabis and other drugs. Making comparisons
with the Prohibition era, he argued that as long as there is demand for drugs,
there will be entrepreneurs willing to exploit it and efforts to resist market
forces will simply force prices upwards.

Friedman married, in 1938, his fellow economist Rose Director; they had a son
and a daughter.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Herald Archive, Associated Press; Milton Friedman was the leader of the
Chicago School of economics.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

Biotech company hires Fairfax exec

BYLINE: Adrian Rodriguez; arodriguez@marinij.com @adrianrrodri on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 246 words

ABSTRACT

movers

FULL TEXT

An Ohio-based biotechnology company has hired a veteran executive as its chief
operating officer.

Fairfax resident Doug Martin, who has more than 20 years experience, will
oversee business operations for ProclaRx, which develops therapeutics for
patients with bacterial infections. The biotech company has offices in Maryland
and the Bay Area. Martin also serves on the board of directors at Marin School
to Career Partnership and California Conservation Corps Foundation, and is a
member of the State Bar of California.

ooo

The Marin Humane Society has elected three new members to its board of
directors: Linda Witong, of Mill Valley, who served as Marin deputy district
attorney for more than 30 years; Bruce Wagman, of Stinson Beach, a lawyer and
partner at Schiff Hardin in San Francisco; and Blake Davis, of Corte Madera,
director of Williams-Sonoma Inc.

ooo

Tiburon resident Virgil P. Caselli has been hired as a broker associate at Alain
Pinel Realtors, working in the firm's Tiburon offices.

ooo

San Rafael resident Nancy Rehkopf has been named to the Marin Symphony board of
directors.

ooo

For the second consecutive year, Sway Group, a Corte Madera-based content
marketing agency, has been named to the Inc. 5,000 List, which ranks honorees
according to percentage growth. Sway Group has seen 238 percent growth in more
than three years.

Movers and Shakers is compiled by Adrian Rodriguez and appears weekly. Send
information to arodriguez@marinij.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2016 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Record

                            August 22, 2006, Tuesday

THE RAZZ: SHOWBUZZ

BYLINE: BEVERLEY LYONS

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 228 words


LONDON Rapper Sway has joined the debate about music's link with violence - but
he insists hip hop shouldn't be singled out.

Sway said: "I totally agree, man. A lot of people are talking some crazy talk on
records. It's pretty obvious that kids are influenced by their role models, so
If I'm going to start talking about shooting someone in the head, a kid might
think that's all right. But that's not limited to hip hop - any type of media,
TV or film that exposes young children to that is to blame for what's going on
in society."

RICH kid Paris Hilton insists she had NO money when she first moved to the
Hollywood district of Los Angeles.

The multimillion-heiress said: "When I moved to LA, I swear on my life I didn't
have anything and was living in a crappy apartment for models. I told my mum I
didn't want any money and I've done it all on my own. All this - my cars, my
house - I bought for myself." We believe her...

PAOLO NUTINI announced new UK tour dates yesterday following the runaway success
of his debut album. The Paisley singer's These Streets went gold within two
weeks of its July release and he then sold out his original gigs. The new dates
see him play Aberdeen Music Hall on Wednesday, December 13 and Glasgow
Barrowland on Thursday, December 14. Tickets on www.gigsandtours.com. Paolo's
second single Jenny Don't Be Hasty is released on September 25.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 19, 2012 Wednesday

Change of Venue: Federal judge rules Rosenthal trial be moved to Corpus Christi

BYLINE: Emma Perez-Trevino, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 602 words


Dec. 19--A federal judge has ruled that the trial of Austin attorney Marc G.
Rosenthal should be moved from Cameron County to Corpus Christi. The prosecution
argued that Rosenthal has conducted publicity stunts that could taint the jury
pool in Cameron County; his attorney maintains Rosenthal is merely exercising
his constitutional rights.

U.S. District Judge Andrew S. Hanen unexpectedly moved the upcoming Feb. 4 trial
from Brownsville during a hearing in federal court in Brownsville. He also
cautioned both the defense and the government that he expected everyone to act
professionally, and directed them not to conduct press conferences,
advertisements or attempt to sway the jury pool.

The trial is expected to last through Feb. 28, although there will be long
weekend breaks.

Rosenthal is charged in a 13-count indictment with numerous offenses, stemming
from the investigation into ex-404th District Judge Abel C. Limas' racketeering
and bribery scheme. Rosenthal has pleaded not guilty. Limas has pleaded guilty
to racketeering, and his sentencing is slated for next year.

Before the ruling, Assistant U.S. Attorney Oscar Ponce spoke of a rendering of
Rosenthal dressed in a superhero outfit by the banks of the Rio Grande
protecting people, and calling himself their guardian -- "El Guardian de los
Paisanos" -- as a Border Patrol agent aimed a rifle at them.

Ponce described the rendering, which appears on Facebook, as disturbing and
reprehensible; "that might well sway the pool."

Ponce also spoke about a barrage of ads that recently hit the radio airwaves
touting that Rosenthal would be making a $1 million donation at a telethon.
Ponce also showed a television video-recording of Rosenthal at a Christmas
telethon in Houston held by the affiliate of a Spanish-language network where it
was said that he had donated $1 million on behalf of Cameron County and
Southmost (which is an area of Brownsville) to benefit children with
disabilities, autism and cancer.

"It wasn't even a million dollars," Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael J. Wynne
told the court. Ponce noted that the donation had been for $10,000 instead.

Ponce said that Rosenthal's actions, just six weeks before his trial, were
couched in helping the public, but instead were meant to sway public opinion.

Ponce said Rosenthal seeks to gain advantage one way or another, which is
consistent with Rosenthal's characteristics.

Rosenthal's attorney Ernesto Gamez countered that Rosenthal has the basic right
afforded by the First Amendment and added that the State Bar of Texas also
allows attorneys to advertise. Insofar as Rosenthal's donation, "it's his
money," Gamez said, adding that the $10,000 was donated up front to the $1
million that had been pledged.

Gamez rebutted that Rosenthal has donated, "hundreds of thousands to charity,"
and said that the U.S. government was harping everything that Rosenthal does.

Gamez also told Hanen that the one newspaper article that he had recently raised
in court had been the one that contained positive publicity for Rosenthal, but
had been one among multiple negative articles about his client.

In other business before the court, Ponce also told Hanen that Rosenthal had
been drinking at a bar recently, contrary to stipulations of his bond.

Hanen did not revoke Rosenthal's bond, but instructed him not to drink in public
at all.

Several motions are pending and another hearing will be held in early January.

Eperez-trevino@valleystar.com

___ (c)2012 Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas) Visit Valley Morning Star
(Harlingen, Texas) at www.valleymorningstar.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20121219-HR-Change-of-Venue-Federal-judge-rules-Rosenthal-trial-be-moved-to-Corp
us-Christi-1219-20121219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2012 Valley Morning Star


                              208 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            December 4, 2015 Friday

@HD New Head 80 inside lead/cover;The pit and the pendulumFrom love to

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 866 words


sadness, global romance is at

play in "Sway"

Wise Kwai

The Nation

Fragments from around the globe form a story in "Sway", the ambitious debut
feature from Thai-American director Rooth Tang.

In three cities, there are couples going through the motions, but are somehow
stuck;

lIn Paris, Chinese-American drifter Arthur (Matt Wu) has just landed at the
airport. While trying to figure out his next move, he tentatively reconnects
with his girlfriend Vivian (Lu Huang), a former TV star from China who is trying
to make it as a serious journalist. Arthur then gets news from home that his
parents might get a divorce.

lIn Los Angeles, Amanda (Kris Wood Bell), the Caucasian second wife of widowed
Japanese businessman Eric (Kazohiko Nishimura) feels she is on shaky ground with
her husband's teenage daughter Grace (Miki Ishikawa). She is giving her young
stepmum the silent treatment.

lAnd in Bangkok, well-travelled Thai hipster Palm (Ananda Everingham) romances
less-worldly office girl June (Sajee Apiwong) and fills her head with dreams
about future destinations. She also has a belly full of Palm's baby, and is
afraid of what will happen if she tells him he's a father.

It's the first feature from Rooth, a graduate in film studies from the
University of California, Irvine. He was raised in America by Thai parents, and
took inspiration from his mum and dad, who had participated in the pro-democracy
movement at Thammasat University in the 1970s, but then moved to the US. In
short, he wondered, what was that like?

Filming started in Bangkok in August 2010, just months after the red-shirt
anti-government demonstrations. At the time, Rooth was unsure whether his
project would be a short film or develop into something longer. Thanks to a
windfall and financial help from his parents, who are among the producers, the
Los Angeles segment was added, and then to Paris, where filming wrapped up in
2013. After a world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival last
year, "Sway" has swung around the globe, with appearances in Taipei's Golden
Horse fest and the Singapore International last year and this year's Shanghai
fest.

"Sway" draws its influences from the expressionist palette of Wong Kar-wai's
films, the globalised existentialist angst of Alejandro Gonzà¹lez Ià¹'à¹rritu's
"Babel" and the quietly simmering family dysfunction of Kiyoshi Kurosawa's
"Tokyo Sonata".

"Sway" will also seem particularly familiar to fans of independent Thai cinema,
thanks to its coincidental connections to two recent Thai indie movies that also
dealt with brooding Asians who are adrift in the world â[#x20ac]" Aditya
Assarat's "Hi-So" and Lee Chatametikool's "Concrete Clouds". Both featured
Ananda in similar roles of a rootless vagabond of sorts, and "Hi-So" actually
featured both Ananda and Sajee. Both films were also by directors whose
backgrounds are similar to Rooth's â[#x20ac]" they are all foreign-schooled Thai
filmmakers seeking to express feelings of being caught between Eastern and
Western cultures but not really sure which side to pick.

Those connections were further solidified in post-production, which was
completed in Bangkok at White Light studio, under supervision of Lee.

Rooth is seeking to develop a style that is distinct from those he's influenced
by, coincidental or not. With "Sway", he drops you into people's lives
mid-stream, but you don't need to paddle to keep up. Instead, it's best to just
float along and watch the stories unfold.

The intended result is that the audience has the same ill-at-ease feeling as the
characters, who themselves aren't really sure who they are or what they should
be doing. Romantic chemistry is palpable, especially with the Paris and Bangkok
couples. Dialogue is clipped and spare, with smouldering sidelong glances, angry
grimaces or worried frowns doing most of the narrative heavy lifting.

It's left to minor supporting characters to finally and fully explain what
motivates the main ones, with June's pragmatic Thai mum putting her at ease, and
the Japanese-American teenager to explain why she's been so awful to her
stepmother. In Paris, Arthur's mother turns up to reflect on her life as an
immigrant and help point her son in a definite direction.

Real-world events place the three segments in different times and help ground
them, with the political crisis of 2008 to 2010 providing the backdrop of the
Bangkok story, while Barack Obama's re-election as U.S. president in 2012 is
referenced in LA. France's intervention in Mali is mentioned in the Paris
segments.

Symbolism and metaphors crop up frequently, mostly noticeably the Bangkok
segments, where the small composite-plastic figure of a bird represents the
ambitions of Palm, who thinks he can get rich making widgets from the hi-tech
hybrid material. The bird is later found shattered on the floor, along with the
possibility of broken dreams. But then another stork-like symbol emerges on the
Bangkok skyline â[#x20ac]" a construction crane â[#x20ac]" representing hopes
for the future.@New Style Sheet;Swing away

n "Sway" opens next Thursday, December 10, at Esplanade Ratchada, Major Cineplex
Ratchayothin and SF World Cinema at CentralWorld.

n For more details, check www.facebook.com/SwayMovieOfficial

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            December 4, 2015 Friday

@HD New Head 80 inside lead/cover;The pit and the pendulumFrom love to

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 866 words


sadness, global romance is at

play in "Sway"

Wise Kwai

The Nation

Fragments from around the globe form a story in "Sway", the ambitious debut
feature from Thai-American director Rooth Tang.

In three cities, there are couples going through the motions, but are somehow
stuck;

lIn Paris, Chinese-American drifter Arthur (Matt Wu) has just landed at the
airport. While trying to figure out his next move, he tentatively reconnects
with his girlfriend Vivian (Lu Huang), a former TV star from China who is trying
to make it as a serious journalist. Arthur then gets news from home that his
parents might get a divorce.

lIn Los Angeles, Amanda (Kris Wood Bell), the Caucasian second wife of widowed
Japanese businessman Eric (Kazohiko Nishimura) feels she is on shaky ground with
her husband's teenage daughter Grace (Miki Ishikawa). She is giving her young
stepmum the silent treatment.

lAnd in Bangkok, well-travelled Thai hipster Palm (Ananda Everingham) romances
less-worldly office girl June (Sajee Apiwong) and fills her head with dreams
about future destinations. She also has a belly full of Palm's baby, and is
afraid of what will happen if she tells him he's a father.

It's the first feature from Rooth, a graduate in film studies from the
University of California, Irvine. He was raised in America by Thai parents, and
took inspiration from his mum and dad, who had participated in the pro-democracy
movement at Thammasat University in the 1970s, but then moved to the US. In
short, he wondered, what was that like?

Filming started in Bangkok in August 2010, just months after the red-shirt
anti-government demonstrations. At the time, Rooth was unsure whether his
project would be a short film or develop into something longer. Thanks to a
windfall and financial help from his parents, who are among the producers, the
Los Angeles segment was added, and then to Paris, where filming wrapped up in
2013. After a world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival last
year, "Sway" has swung around the globe, with appearances in Taipei's Golden
Horse fest and the Singapore International last year and this year's Shanghai
fest.

"Sway" draws its influences from the expressionist palette of Wong Kar-wai's
films, the globalised existentialist angst of Alejandro Gonzà¹lez Ià¹'à¹rritu's
"Babel" and the quietly simmering family dysfunction of Kiyoshi Kurosawa's
"Tokyo Sonata".

"Sway" will also seem particularly familiar to fans of independent Thai cinema,
thanks to its coincidental connections to two recent Thai indie movies that also
dealt with brooding Asians who are adrift in the world â[#x20ac]" Aditya
Assarat's "Hi-So" and Lee Chatametikool's "Concrete Clouds". Both featured
Ananda in similar roles of a rootless vagabond of sorts, and "Hi-So" actually
featured both Ananda and Sajee. Both films were also by directors whose
backgrounds are similar to Rooth's â[#x20ac]" they are all foreign-schooled Thai
filmmakers seeking to express feelings of being caught between Eastern and
Western cultures but not really sure which side to pick.

Those connections were further solidified in post-production, which was
completed in Bangkok at White Light studio, under supervision of Lee.

Rooth is seeking to develop a style that is distinct from those he's influenced
by, coincidental or not. With "Sway", he drops you into people's lives
mid-stream, but you don't need to paddle to keep up. Instead, it's best to just
float along and watch the stories unfold.

The intended result is that the audience has the same ill-at-ease feeling as the
characters, who themselves aren't really sure who they are or what they should
be doing. Romantic chemistry is palpable, especially with the Paris and Bangkok
couples. Dialogue is clipped and spare, with smouldering sidelong glances, angry
grimaces or worried frowns doing most of the narrative heavy lifting.

It's left to minor supporting characters to finally and fully explain what
motivates the main ones, with June's pragmatic Thai mum putting her at ease, and
the Japanese-American teenager to explain why she's been so awful to her
stepmother. In Paris, Arthur's mother turns up to reflect on her life as an
immigrant and help point her son in a definite direction.

Real-world events place the three segments in different times and help ground
them, with the political crisis of 2008 to 2010 providing the backdrop of the
Bangkok story, while Barack Obama's re-election as U.S. president in 2012 is
referenced in LA. France's intervention in Mali is mentioned in the Paris
segments.

Symbolism and metaphors crop up frequently, mostly noticeably the Bangkok
segments, where the small composite-plastic figure of a bird represents the
ambitions of Palm, who thinks he can get rich making widgets from the hi-tech
hybrid material. The bird is later found shattered on the floor, along with the
possibility of broken dreams. But then another stork-like symbol emerges on the
Bangkok skyline â[#x20ac]" a construction crane â[#x20ac]" representing hopes
for the future.@New Style Sheet;Swing away

n "Sway" opens next Thursday, December 10, at Esplanade Ratchada, Major Cineplex
Ratchayothin and SF World Cinema at CentralWorld.

n For more details, check www.facebook.com/SwayMovieOfficial

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                       July 11, 2004 Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Don't sway, play

SECTION: SPORTS; GOLF TIPS; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 93 words


The ball doesn't move, and neither should your body. Too often golfers sway back
and put too much weight on their back foot during their backswing.

Unless they sway the same amount in the opposite direction during their
follow-through, they'll miss hit the shot.

To eliminate the sway, Jim Fenner of Green Hill placed a golf ball under the
outside of the middle of his back foot as he practiced his swing.

If he swayed at all, he'd fall.

Bend your back knee forward slightly.

Open your hips less and turn your shoulders more to generate power.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS; T&G Staff/BETTY HENEWIN; (1) Jim Fenner places a golf ball
under the outside of the middle of his back foot to practice proper balance. (2)
In this photo, Fenner has too much weight on his back foot during his backswing.

               Copyright 2004 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              211 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 April 2, 2004 Friday 0 South Pinellas Edition

SIDESHOW

BYLINE: SHARON FINK

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 421 words


THE SIDESHOW VOTERS GUIDE: Today we present another installment of our
occasional roundup of how entertainment and politics are melding in our world.
Plan your voting, your invectives and your changes of affection accordingly.

THE CATS IN THE HATS: The Republican Party took its voter registration drive to
New York City last week, and party chairman  Ed Gillespie, right, got a spot on
MTV with VJ  Sway. The center of the action was the GOP's Reggie the
Registration Rig, a 56-foot 18-wheeler with registration tables, a sound stage
and a multimedia center. The two talked as the rig pumped out music by  Britney
Spears,  the Darkness and  Kayne West, among others, and they wrapped up their
chat with Gillespie thanking the VJ for giving him a chance to "sway" voters.

HE'S SEEN FIRE, AND HE'S SEEN THE INANE: Besides shoulder surgery, the week of
Democrat  John Kerry, right, included a Tuesday fundraiser in Beverly Hills at
which he introduced  James Taylor, left, who sang in front of that big American
flag. Also attending, IMDB.com says:  Leonardo DiCaprio,  Jennifer Aniston,  Meg
Ryan and Curb Your Enthusiasm's  Larry David. That night, Kerry appeared in a
taped MTV special in which he answered questions from the network's  Gideon Yago
and viewers. Among them: "Sen. Kerry, were you cool in college, and are you cool
now?" (Answer: "If I were cool, if I told you I was cool, I wouldn't be cool.")

PROMISES, PROMISES: George Clooney has been busy raising money for his father's
congressional campaign in Kentucky.

During one weekend of fundraisers for Democrat Nick Clooney in the state last
month, George helped raise more than $200,000, the Associated Press reported,
including at a $250-a-head event at the Oriental Wok in Fort Mitchell.

Also last month, George raised about $200,000 at an invitation-only fundraiser
at his home in Studio City, Calif. He got people to attend, and give, the New
York Post said, by writing in the invites that for a minimum $500 donation, he
would wash the givers' cars while wearing a toga "till it's paid off."

He was joking.

CYNICAL? HIM? Former Nirvana bassist  Krist Novoselic has decided not to run for
lieutenant governor in Washington. He still has a passion for election reform
and increasing voter participation, he said in an Associated Press story, but
"the whole thing about running a campaign and being a public servant isn't the
way to do it."

- Sharon Fink can be reached at (727) 893-8525 or fink@sptimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

SERIES: 2b; SIDESHOW

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Getty Images; Ed Gillespie on MTV with VJ Sway; John Kerry

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              212 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 17, 2016 Tuesday

Election has sway over budget impasse

BYLINE: Pamela Pritt, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 503 words


May 17--CHARLESTON -- In a confluence of bad timing, state lawmakers are looking
at both a budget crisis -- now $271 million -- and an election that could mean
political life or death hinging on raising revenue for the state or cutting
state services on which residents rely.

It's an unenviable position.

"This is happening at a bad time," said Sen. Mike Hall, R-Putnam, the Senate's
chair of Finance. "We've just come through a raucous Primary; for a lot of
people there will be millions of dollars spent in the next election cycle. It's
not something I would choose to say, but I understand human nature. People are
going to be reluctant to go on the record for significant tax increases until
they get beyond the election."

Hall said he could foresee a situation that has the legislature back in session
after the General Election and before a new governor is seated in January to
complete the budget process. He said several members of the legislature want to
have budget cuts equal to any tax increase that's enacted.

Delegate Eric Nelson, R-Kanawha, said a proposed  45-cent per-pack increase in
tobacco taxes, which failed in House Finance during the regular session, can
skip the committee process.

"Whatever comes from the Senate, we'll discuss it here on the floor," Nelson,
the Finance Committee chair, said. "It doesn't need to go to House Finance."

Nelson said there are House members reluctant to raise any taxes.

"That's a fine line," he said. "Do we put extra burdens on our population with
tax increases? I don't think now is the time."

But, he said, extra burdens also come with a decrease in state services.

Instead, Nelson said he prefers another dip into the Rainy Day Fund, formally
the "Revenue Shortfall Fund."

"I would have to think let us get into that and spend the interim going through
some of these issues that we have to change or evaluate," he said.

Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin is proposing another $29 million in Rainy Day Funds for
the 2017 budget, making nearly $96 million from that source used to balance the
budget in the last two years.

Tomblin's other proposals for closing the gap include a 1 percent hike in the
sales tax for $196 million and a tobacco tax increase, including e-cigarette
fluids, for a total of $78 million, Mike McKown, director of budget, told
lawmakers in a joint meeting Monday.

Additionally, for 2016, Tomblin proposes cuts to the Department of Health and
Human Resources totaling $45 million and expiring accounts totaling $34.7
million.

"You can't cut your way out of this problem," said Secretary of Revenue Bob
Kiss. "We have a revenue problem."

More than 20 members of the House of Delegates have signed lobbyist Grover
Norquist's nonbinding pledge for no new taxes, further complicating the idea of
raising revenues to support state government.

-- Email: ppritt@

register-herald.com Follow PamPrittRH on Twitter

___ (c)2016 The Register-Herald (Beckley, W.Va.) Visit The Register-Herald
(Beckley, W.Va.) at www.register-herald.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160517-WZ-Election-has-sway-over-budget-impasse-0517-20160517

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2016 The Register-Herald


                              213 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                             April 6, 2010 Tuesday

I felt my home start swaying as earthquake hit, says Scot

BYLINE: Shona Gossip

SECTION: NEWS; ENVIRONMENT; Other; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 425 words


An Aberdeen woman has described how she felt her home in California sway after
an earthquake struck near the Mexican border.

The 7.2-magnitude quake hit Baja California, about 19 miles south-east of
Mexicali, Mexico, on Sunday, sending tremors as far as Tijuana and Los Angeles.

Two people were killed in Mexico and at least 100 others injured, most of them
struck by falling objects.

Kimberly Morrison, who moved to California five years ago from her home in the
Cornhill area of Aberdeen, said yesterday her house moved and the water from her
swimming pool splashed out over the side.

She said: "We are based in the Rancho Cucamonga area of southern California,
just outside Los Angeles.

"We felt our house sway as an effect of the latest earthquake.

"Our house seemed to roll for about 30 to 40 seconds and the water in the pool
swayed from side to side quite considerably. We were experiencing several
aftershocks but nothing as severe as the original quake itself."

Experts from the US Geological Survey believe that at least 20million people
felt the quake - one of the strongest to hit the region in decades.

It was felt the hardest in Mexicali, a bustling commercial centre along Mexico's
border with California, where authorities said it was followed by at least 20
smaller aftershocks.

Dozens of people are feared trapped in their homes, while all 300 patients were
evacuated from Mexicali General Hospital because the building had no electricity
or water.

In nearby Calexico, the local authority declared a state of emergency although
there have been no reports of injuries in the city.

More than 100 miles west of the epicentre, guests at the Sheraton Hotel and
Marina in San Diego were evacuated after minor cracks were found in the floors.

The guests were later allowed to return.

Elsewhere in San Diego, there were reports of shattered windows, broken pipes
and water main breaks in private buildings, but no reports of injuries.

The earthquake struck at 3.40pm on Sunday, said the US Geological Survey.

"Most of southern California felt this earthquake," said seismologist Lucy
Jones.

In Baja California, the state's civil protection director, Alfredo Escobedo,
said: "It has not stopped trembling in Mexicali."

He said a man was killed when his home collapsed just outside the city, while a
second man died when he panicked as the ground shook, ran into the street and
was struck by a car.

Buildings were damaged in Calexico, California, a city of about 27,000 people.

The city council declared a state of emergency, but there were no reports of
injuries.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The earthqake left Mexicali ankle deep in mud

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2010 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              May 21, 2013 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended

Open The Primary

BYLINE: In Our View

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 595  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


By almost every gauge, today's primary election will be a dud. If not for a few
yard signs scattered throughout the county, some people wouldn't even know an
election was being held.

Turnout in off-year primary elections is notoriously low. Two years ago, an
appalling 15 percent of Lancaster County's eligible voters cast ballots. In
2010, Republican turnout for the gubernatorial primary between Sam Rohrer and
Tom Corbett was 27 percent. (Rohrer took the county with 51.7 percent of the
vote.) Democratic turnout in that same primary was 18 percent.

That meant that fewer than one in four registered voters cast ballots to
determine the two candidates for governor.

So, what can be done to boost turnout?

Two words: Open primaries.

Pennsylvania's primary elections are closed. That is, only members of those
parties with candidates on the ballot may vote. Pennsylvania is one of 13 states
to have a closed primary.

Open primaries would allow independents and people associated with third parties
to cast ballots.

Party officials are reluctant to allow that to happen. They are concerned that,
especially in off-year primary elections, voters not associated with the party
could sway the vote to torpedo party leaders' preferred choice. For example, tea
party members could vote for what they perceive to be a weaker Democrat to run
against a Republican in the fall. Conversely, liberal independents voting
Republican in a primary could sway an election in favor of either a more
moderate Republican or a polarizing fringe candidate who has less of a chance of
winning the general election.

But subterfuge can take place in a closed primary as well. Witness Delaware's
2010 Republican senatorial primary in which Christine O'Donnell defeated former
Gov. Michael Castle, thanks to support from tea party Republicans. O'Donnell's
credentials were soon challenged and she lost the general election --a special
election to fill the seat vacated by Joe Biden who had been elected vice
president - by 17 points to Democrat Chris Coons.

While most Lancaster Countians are registered as either Republican (53 percent)
or Democrat (32 percent) - both parties have lost members since 2009. The
percentage of county voters listed as "other" - libertarian, Green, independent,
etc. - has grown 2 percent in the past four years.

In Philadelphia, which is overwhelmingly Democratic, roughly 10 percent of the
city's eligible voters are registered as independent or "other." Statewide, more
than 1 million Pennsylvanians - 12 percent - are registered as independent or
other.

Yet these voters are denied the right to vote in primary elections unless a
referendum is on the ballot.

What could independents bring to an election besides turnout?

There is evidence that open primaries lead to the election of more centrist
politicians because candidates must appeal to a broader spectrum of voters.
That, in turn, diminishes the influence of extremists - conservative Republicans
and liberal Democrats - in the primary process.

Earlier this year, state Reps. John Taylor, R-Philadelphia, and Brendan Boyle,
D-Montgomery, introduced legislation to allow independent voters the right to
vote in primary elections. The bill, H.B. 795, has been referred to the House
Government Committee.

Open primaries are not imminent in the Keystone state. Lawmakers in Harrisburg
are notorious for acting on their own needs rather than on those of their
constituents.

But as more voters gravitate away from the two major parties, it would behoove
lawmakers to take the lead in this movement before they are forced to act.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 23, 2013



CORRECTION: A story in Wednesday's Intelligencer Journal/Lancaster New Era about
the primary election included an incorrect figure for the percentage of voters
who cast ballots. The correct figure is 7.7 percent, which represents the
percentage of voters eligible to vote in the primary who cast ballots.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 22, 2016 Tuesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Sway Turbine AS on November 22, 2016 titled as
"Wind turbine rotor and method of mounting"

LENGTH: 169 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,500,178 on November 22, 2016, to Sway Turbine AS titled as "Wind turbine rotor
and method of mounting"

Inventors: Borgen; Eystein (Radal, NO), S.ae butted.ten; Bjorge (Nesttun, NO)


Assignee: Sway Turbine AS (Bergen, NO)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
wind turbine rotor assembly comprises: a rotor support; a rotor which is
rotatably mounted to the rotor support; and a base support; wherein the rotor
support and base support are provided with an engagement mechanism which allows
the rotor support and base support to engage with each other so that when the
rotor support and base support are moved together a hinged connection is formed
between the rotor support and base support, which hinged connection allows the
rotor support to rotate relative to the base support during installation or
decommissioning of the rotor."

The patent was filed on March 9, 2012 Application No. 14/003,742


LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 10, 2016 Thursday

Republicans hold sway in Indiana congressional races

BYLINE: Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 426 words


Nov. 10--Seven of Indiana's nine seats in Congress will be held by Republicans
come 2017.

During Tuesday's general election, incumbents Andre Carson in the 7th District,
which encompasses the Indianapolis area, and Peter J. Visclosky in the 1st
District, in northwest Indiana, were the only two Democrats to win.

Republican congressional winners across the state include Jackie R. Swihart,
James E. Banks, Todd Rokita, Susan W. Brooks, Allen Luke Messer and Larry D.
Buschon.

The 9th District, which covers Bloomington and south-central Indiana, was won by
Trey Hollingsworth, a political newcomer who beat Bloomington's Shelli Yoder.

Hollingsworth was one of only two non-incumbents to win congressional seats in
Tuesday's election. The other was James E. Banks in Indiana's 3rd District.
Banks won the seat formerly held by U.S. Rep. Marlin Stutzman, R-Ind., who
passed on a bid for re-election this year to seek the U.S. Senate seat being
vacated by Dan Coats. Stutzman was defeated in the May Republican primary by 9th
District U.S. Rep. Todd Young, who was elected to Coats' Senate seat in
Tuesday's vote.

The results of Indiana's congressional elections are listed below.

1st DISTRICT

--Peter J. Visclosky (D), 81%, 207,299 votes.

--Donna Dunn (L), 18%, 47,009 votes.

--John Meyer (write-in independent), 1 %, 275 votes.

2ND DISTRICT

--Jackie R. Swihart (R), 59%, 162,546 votes.

--Lynn Coleman (D), 37%, 101,373 votes.

--Ron Cenkush (L), 4%, 10,462 votes.

3RD DISTRICT

--James E. Banks (R), 70%, 201,216 votes.

--Thomas A. Schrader (D), 23%, 65,908 votes.

--Pepper Snyder (L), 7%, 19,782 votes.

4th DISTRICT

--Todd Rokita (R), 65%, 193,273 votes.

--John Dale (D), 30%, 91,153 votes.

--Steven M. Mayoras (L), 5%, 14,758 votes.

5th District

--Susan W. Brooks (R), 62%, 220,653 votes.

--Angela Demaree (D), 34%, 122,596 votes.

--Matthew Wittlief (L), 4%, 15,245 votes.

6TH DISTRICT

--Allen Luke Messer (R), 69%, 202,534 votes.

--Barry A. Welsh (D), 27%, 77,400 votes.

--Rich Turvey (L), 4%, 12,195 votes.

7TH DISTRICT

--Andre D. Carson (D), 60%, 151,423 votes.

--Catherine L. Ping (R), 36%, 91,407 votes.

--Drew Thompson (L), 4%, 11,063 votes.

8TH DISTRICT

--Larry D. Buschon (R), 64%, 178,596 votes.

--Ronald L. Drake (D), 32%, 93,130 votes.

--Andrew Horning (L), 4%, 13,630 votes.

9TH DISTRICT

--Joseph A. Hollingsworth III (R), 55%, 172,188 votes.

--Shelli Yoder (D), 40%, 128,511 votes.

--Russell Brooksbank (L), 5%, 17,193 votes.

___ (c)2016 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161110-BM-Republicans-hold-sway
-in-Indiana-congressional-races-1110-20161110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2016 Herald-Times


                              217 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Education Week, Bethesda, Md

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 29, 2014 Tuesday

New Standards Sway Purchasing Plans

BYLINE: Sean Cavanagh, Education Week, Bethesda, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 2294 words


April 29--While debates over the merits of the Common Core State Standards rage
on, many states and districts are immersed in the business at hand: buying
curricular materials, professional development, assessment tools, and technology
meant to help them meet the demands of the new academic guidelines and the
forthcoming tests aligned to them.

As contracts worth thousands or even millions of dollars are awarded, it's clear
that the sweeping standards and assessments are influencing how states and
districts spend their money. What is less clear, even among those who have
attempted to study the overall costs of standards and tests, is how much of that
spending they would have incurred anyway as part of the normal process of making
costly updates or replacing resources.

Some work preparing for the common core is being coordinated across
states--perhaps most notably, the two main state consortia crafting aligned
assessments with $360 million in federal funding. But that collective activity
and spending, which could potentially reduce costs, appears to be the exception.

The complex relationship between the common standards and tests, on one hand,
and district spending, on the other, can be seen in systems like the
22,000-student Toledo district, in Ohio, which over the past few years has made
major purchases for everything from assessment systems to wireless technology.

In some cases, such as an ongoing, $4.7 million upgrade of the district's
Internet connectivity, the spending is closely bound to the common
core--specifically, to the online tests that Ohio and other states are scheduled
to give to hundreds of thousands of students in spring 2015.

With other purchases, such as the district's acquisition of a
formative-assessment system, the decision was based on many factors, not limited
to the common core.

"We did our homework and we were trying to find [one] assessment system that
could be used for different things, rather than having to use four or five
different assessments," explained Tim Beard, the data manager for the Toledo
district. "We were ready for something new, and it all fit together."

Costs and Assumptions

A number of analyses have sought to pin down how much states and districts will
spend implementing the common core--while acknowledging that the collective
price tag can swing by billions of dollars, depending on the assumptions used.

The Thomas B. Fordham Institute, in a 2012 report, estimated that the gross cost
of transitioning to the new standards for English/language arts and mathematics
could run as high as $12 billion over one to three years, if states and
districts used a "business as usual" approach to buying. That means they would
go without taking advantage of potential savings derived from shifting to online
and open-source materials, among other steps.

If states and districts implemented the common core by relying on a "balanced
approach" to spending, seizing on some but not all cost-saving options, it would
bring the cost lower, to $5 billion, according to Fordham, a Washington think
tank that backs the standards.

Another estimate, published that same year by the Pioneer Institute, a Boston
think tank that has been sharply critical of the common core, put the total
costs of implementation at $15.8 billion for one-time and operational expenses
over a seven-year period, which the authors describe as the typical lifespan of
standards before they are reviewed and revised.

One recent poll sought to drill down on the spending behavior of districts.
Released by MDR, a market-research company based in Shelton, Conn., the survey
found that 68 percent of school systems plan to buy instructional materials that
address the common core, an increase from 62 percent the previous year. The
results were based on a phone survey of district technology and curriculum
officials, conducted in April and May of last year.

Flow of Money

Yet determining whether state and district spending was born directly of the
common core, or would have occurred in the normal course of events, is not easy.

Traditionally, states have updated their standards and instructional materials
aligned to those standards about every six years, though the cycle can be longer
in some states, said Jay Diskey, the executive director of the Pre-K-12 Learning
Group at the Association of American Publishers, a Washington-based trade
association.

The authors of the Fordham study attempt to isolate that ongoing, cyclical
spending by states and districts from new, common-core-specific spending. They
say that if the ongoing spending--an estimated $3.9 billion over one to three
years--is taken out, the potential common-core costs drop significantly, from
$12 billion to $8 billion on the high end, or to as little as $927 million if
states and districts follow a "bare bones" approach to spending.

The author of the Pioneer Institute study, Theodor Rebarber, agrees that a lot
of state and district spending during the dawn of the common-core era would have
occurred even without the new standards.

Even so, that spending carries tangible financial and academic costs because it
reflects a decision not to devote money to other strategies in curriculum,
testing, and teacher training that could be more effective, argued Mr. Rebarber,
the CEO of AccountabilityWorks, a Bethesda, Md.-based nonprofit that helps
states and districts with assessment issues.

"Isn't that an enormous diversion, an enormous waste of time for those students
who will never get those four to five years back?" Mr. Rebarber said of the
shift to the common core. "Think about the time spent--for negligible benefits."

Other factors cloud attempts to gauge how much states and districts are spending
on the common core. Many analysts, for instance, note that K-12 spending is also
being triggered by factors such as improving state and local budget conditions,
and schools' costly and ambitious commitments to educational technology.

In addition, while the common core has fueled some types of K-12 purchasing, the
flow of money has not been uniform across the country, observed Scott Marion,
the associate director of the National Center for the Improvement of Educational
Assessment, a Dover, N.H., organization that works with state and local school
systems. The common core also caused some states and districts to put buying on
hold until they can be sure of what they want, he noted.

"It's speeded up the revision cycle, or in some cases, slowed it down," he said.

Some of the fast-acting states and districts probably should have been more
discerning buyers, added Mr. Marion, pointing to criticism that some commercial
publishers are simply relabeling old products as common-core aligned.

Eventually, the common core could help states and districts join together to
make purchases of larger volumes of materials, allowing them to negotiate better
contracts and set higher expectations for companies selling technology and other
K-12 products, said Paul Stembler, the cooperative-development coordinator for
the WSCA/NASPO Cooperative Purchasing Organization. But state and local
officials will probably need a few years to become familiar enough with the
standards to know what to demand of K-12 companies, said Mr. Stembler, whose
organization is a subsidiary of the National Association of State Procurement
Officials, a Lexington, Ky.-based organization.

Right now, the common core is probably "still feeling fuzzy," and "the fuzziness
fights against a cooperative contract," Mr. Stembler said.

Meanwhile, providers of potentially low-cost or free sets of materials, known as
open education resources, are revising and churning out new academic guides with
the common core in mind.

For instance, one of the biggest names in that field, the nonprofit Khan
Academy, recently released new adaptive and interactive math resources linked to
the standards, a move that could herald the likely shift of open education
providers into offering more sophisticated options to schools trying to meet
common-core demands.

Far-Reaching Needs

In Toledo, the common core has had a significant, if not always direct, effect
on several aspects of the district's budget.

For years, the district had been considering overhauling its technology and
moving toward a 1-to-1, student-to-device strategy, but those plans had not
taken off, recalled Michael Martinez, its director of educational technology.

But worries that the district lacked a sufficient number of computing devices or
reliable Internet connectivity to give the common-core tests online became a
"primary mover" in Toledo officials' decision to begin making those technology
upgrades, he said. The urgency of the school system's needs became clear, Mr.
Martinez recalled, when he explained to district leaders that they would have to
convert multiple academic classrooms into computer labs to accommodate
common-core exams.

As a result, the district last year contracted with a company to improve
wireless technology by replacing switches, establishing wireless hubs, and
making other renovations. It is also buying about 3,000 computing devices for
students, as it moves toward a 1-to-1 project.

By ramping up Internet speed and adding devices, the district will also create
more instructional opportunities for teachers and students, Mr. Martinez
predicted.

Planning for the common core "opened the doors," he added, and "allowed [the
technology project] to happen. Right place, right time."

Another major purchase in the Toledo district, the replacement of a K-8
English/language arts curriculum for about $3.4 million, was strongly influenced
by Ohio's adoption of the common standards, said Bob Mendenhall, the school
system's curriculum director.

The district had reviewed its math materials and concluded that they could be
aligned to the common core without a major purchase, Mr. Mendenhall said, but
its language arts resources were outdated. The common core "accelerated our
replacement plan," he said.

Additionally, in order to prepare teachers for that shift in curriculum, the
district has spent about $350,000 on professional development, including the
creation of "curriculum maps" to help educators understand the standards--though
those costs are covered by federal funds Ohio received through winning the Race
to the Top competition.

The common core's impact on the district's spending on assessment, meanwhile,
has been more nuanced.

Toledo officials needed a K-8 assessment system that could prepare students for
common-core test content--and ready them for the overall experience of taking
computer-based exams, said Mr. Beard, the district's data manager. But they also
needed a system that could churn out results that could be used for Ohio's
statewide teacher-evaluation system and that also could help school officials
identify struggling readers in grades K-2 and meet a state mandate that pupils
read on grade level by the end of grade 3.

Ultimately, Toledo wound up purchasing the STAR assessment system for its local
needs, produced by Renaissance Learning, of Wisconsin Rapids, Wis., at a cost of
$240,000 during the 2012-13 academic year and $137,000 this year.

Overall, the purchase of the STAR system reflected "very much a conscious desire
to purchase something aligned to the common core," Mr. Beard said.

'Refresh' the Curriculum

In the Baltimore County, Md., school system, officials are only now delving into
what the common core means for spending, said Richard L. Gay, the purchasing
manager for the 108,000-student system. The common core typically isn't the
trigger for any single purchase, but instead acts as a "framework" that is
shaping spending across the board, Mr. Gay said.

For instance, the district recently agreed to buy a $5 million elementary
curriculum for language arts to replace outdated materials, and the new
materials will have to be common-core-aligned. Over the next four years, the
district, which has a general-fund budget of about $1.4 billion, plans to spend
about $200 million on a 1-to-1 computing program. In planning for that project,
district officials found that they needed to overhaul their wireless
systems--which in turn will help with common-core online testing.

Preparing for the common core "is not something we're going to be able to take
care of overnight," Mr. Gay said. "Dollars are tight," he added, and "we've been
flatlined taking care of what we have."

As districts weigh spending decisions, some states are making purchases that
they believe will help them. In New Mexico, for instance, state officials in
2012 issued a request for proposals to provide professional development to help
prepare teachers in English/language arts, math, and other subjects for the
common core. They received 13 responses from bidders and selected two of
them--Knowledge Delivery Systems and Solution Tree--which are receiving a
combined $1.4 million a year to train teachers across the state on the
standards.

District participation in the professional development is voluntary. About 80
percent of the state's school systems are taking part, said Leighann Lenti, the
deputy secretary for policy and programs at the state education department.

Ms. Lenti said it was possible the state could have spent the same amount of
money on professional development as one of the regular investments it makes in
training, even if it hadn't adopted the common core in 2010--though the
standards clearly influenced the state to act when it did.

"We put a lot of time and energy into supporting our teachers," Ms. Lenti said.
"When you refresh your standards, you need to refresh your curriculum, and you
refresh your support for teachers."

___ (c)2014 Education Week (Bethesda, Md.) Visit Education Week (Bethesda, Md.)
at www.edweek.org Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140429-1ED-New-Standards-Sway-Purchasing-Plans-0429-20140429

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1ED


                  Copyright 2014 Education Week, Bethesda, Md


                              218 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Small Business column

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 7, 2011 Tuesday

Parents sway Foster City council on crossing guards

BYLINE: Aaron Kinney, San Mateo County Times, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 322 words


June 07--FOSTER CITY -- Responding to an outcry from parents, the City Council
restored $21,000 in funding for crossing guards at city schools next year.

The council had planned to eliminate the funding as part of an effort to close a
structural budget deficit of nearly $3 million, but a crowded chamber of
citizens, many of them with children in tow, managed to change council members'
minds. Several speakers told council members that children's safety is a moral
issue.

Nancy Charlow, an aide and crossing guard at Audubon Elementary School, warned
the council would have "blood on its hands" if it failed to pay for the guards
and a child were hit.

Other speakers said the city would open itself up to a massive lawsuit if a
child were killed in the absence of a guard, though the City Council has noted
that the safety of children on the way to and from school is the San
Mateo-Foster City School District's legal responsibility.

In the end, the council voted 3-2 to pay for the crossing guards for the 2011-12
school year while working with parents and the district to come up with other
funding sources. Councilwoman Pam Frisella and Councilmen Rick Wykoff and
Charlie Bronitsky voted to keep the funding for another year. Mayor Linda
Koelling and Vice Mayor Art Kiesel were willing to pay for the guards only until
December and voted against the motion.

In other business, City Manager Jim Hardy announced that an anonymous donor has
pledged $30,000

to pay for the continued operation of a door-to-door shuttle service for
seniors.

Contact Aaron Kinney at 650-348-4357.

To see more of the San Mateo County Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to www.mercurynews.com/san-mateo-county. Copyright (c) 2011, San Mateo County
Times, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110607-SM-Parents-sway
-Foster-City-council-on-crossing-guards-0607-20110607

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SM


                      Copyright 2011 Small Business column


                              219 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 16, 2016 Monday

UPDATE: Election has sway over budget impasse

BYLINE: Pamela Pritt, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 492 words


May 16--CHARLESTON -- In a confluence of bad timing, state lawmakers are looking
at both a budget crisis -- now $271 million -- and an election that could mean
political life or death hinging on raising revenue for the state or cutting
state services on which residents rely.

It's an unenviable position.

"This is happening at a bad time," said Sen. Mike Hall, R-Putnam, the Senate's
chair of Finance. "We've just come through a raucous Primary; for a lot of
people there will be millions of dollars spent in the next election cycle. It's
not something I would choose to say, but I understand human nature. People are
going to be reluctant to go on the record for significant tax increases until
they get beyond the election."

Hall said he could foresee a situation that has the legislature back in session
after the General Election and before a new governor is seated in January to
complete the budget process. He said several members of the legislature want to
have budget cuts equal to any tax increase that's enacted.

Delegate Eric Nelson, R-Kanawha, said a proposed 45-cent per-pack increase in
tobacco taxes, which failed in House Finance during the regular session, can
skip the committee process.

"Whatever comes from the Senate, we'll discuss it here on the floor," Nelson,
the Finance Committee chair said. "It doesn't need to go to House Finance."

Nelson said there are House members reluctant to raise any taxes.

"That's a fine line," he said. "Do we put extra burdens on our population with
tax increases? I don't think now is the time."

But, he said, extra burdens also come with a decrease in state services.

Instead, Nelson said he prefers another dip into the Rainy Day Fund, formally
the "Revenue Shortfall Fund."

"I would have to think let us get into that and spend the interim going through
some of these issues that we have to change or evaluate," he said.

Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin is proposing another $29 million in Rainy Day Funds for
the 2017 budget, making nearly $96 million from that source used to balance the
budget in the last two years.

Tomblin's other proposals for closing the gap include a 1 percent hike in the
sales tax for $196 million and a tobacco tax increase, including e-cigarette
fluids, for a total of $78 million, Mike McKown, Director of Budget, told
lawmakers in a joint meeting Monday.

Additionally, for 2016, Tomblin proposes cuts to the Department of Health and
Human Resources totaling $45 million and expiring accounts totaling $34.7
million.

"You can't cut your way out of this problem," said Secretary of Revenue Bob
Kiss. "We have a revenue problem."

More than 20 members of the House of Delegates have signed lobbyist Grover
Norquist's non-binding pledge for no new taxes, further complicating the idea of
raising revenues to support state government.

___ (c)2016 The Register-Herald (Beckley, W.Va.) Visit The Register-Herald
(Beckley, W.Va.) at www.register-herald.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160516-WZ-UPDATE-Election-has-sway-over-budget-impasse-0516-20160516

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2016 The Register-Herald


                              220 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Immigration bill vote could sway Latinos, poll says

BYLINE: Federico Martinez, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 767 words


July 25--Speaker of the House John Boehner's refusal to allow Congress to vote
on a comprehensive immigration reform bill has earned the Republican Party a 65
percent disapproval rating among Latino voters in 24 congressional districts,
according to a poll released Wednesday.

If Mr. Boehner, a Republican from the Cincinnati suburb of West Chester, Ohio,
would at least allow the proposed Senate immigration reform bill to move forward
for a bipartisan vote, 62 percent of midterm voters would feel more favorable
toward House Republicans, according to the poll conducted by Latino Decisions,
which conducts political opinion research, and America's Voice, a lobbying
organization for immigration reform.

Thirty-eight percent of Latino voters said they would be more likely to vote for
Republican congressional candidates if they supported the bill, the same poll
found.

"How John Boehner chooses to play this could have a huge impact on the history
of how Latinos vote in the future," said Gary Segura, the chairman of
Chicana/?o-Latina/?o studies at Stanford University, who presented the research
and poll results Wednesday. "If you're Republican and think there's no way you
can get Latino votes, you might want to rethink that strategy. There is room for
growth."

The poll, conducted from July 13 to 20, surveyed 800 Latino voters, half of whom
voted in the 2012 presidential election but not in the midterm, in 24
Republican-held congressional districts, including two in Ohio, to see how the
issue of immigration reform -- and the two parties' handling of it -- could
affect key races in 2014, Frank Sharry, executive director for America's Voice,
said during a news conference.

"We wanted to look at areas where Latino voters will have a significant impact
in the future," Mr. Sharry said. "We wanted to see what a lot of Latino voters
stand on issues."

What they found is that immigration is overwhelmingly one of the top two issues
for 59 percent of Latino voters polled. The economy, 24 percent, and education
reform, 14 percent, were the only others in double digits. The polling
concentrated on districts where Latino voters have the potential to play key
roles in deciding future elections, Mr. Sharry said.

In Ohio that includes the 16th House District, now held by Rep. Jim Renacci (R.,
Wadsworth), and the 6th District, where Rep. Bill Johnson (R., Marietta) is
currently seated. Though neither district has large numbers of Latino voters,
recent elections show enough to swing congressional election outcomes, Mr.
Segura said.

Neither Mr. Renacci nor Mr. Johnson could be reached for comment Wednesday
afternoon.

Robert Torres, executive director of Northwest Ohio Hispanic Chamber of
Commerce, said poll results should make clear to both Republicans and Democrats
what's on Latino voters' minds, and reiterates what many people already know:
The Latino vote is strengthening at a time when Republicans' political power is
waning.

Republicans like Mr. Renacci, who has championed farm-worker and immigrant
issues, already know the importance of diversity, Mr. Torres said.

"I worked with him when he was a Stark County commissioner," Mr. Torres said.
"His district has many rural and farming communities. This region is well-known
for its farming, nursery operations, and poultry processing plants. Hence, the
Latino immigrant population is critical to its operation."

Other concerns mentioned in the poll included health care, gun control, taxes,
family values, race relations, and discrimination against Latinos.

Wednesday's poll results clearly indicate high stakes for both parties, Mr.
Segura said.

Neither Republicans nor Democrats have impressed Latino voters on their handling
of immigration, Mr. Segura said.

House Democrats received a 50 percent approval rating on their handling of
immigration issues from Latino voters, while 39 percent rated their performance
as poor. The 64 percent disapproval rate for Republicans' handling of
immigration policy was accompanied by approval from just 22 percent. "It would
be a train wreck for the GOP if they tried to block reform," Mr. Segura said.

One myth the poll helped expose is that Latinos reliably vote for Democrats, he
said.

"There's a myth among some Republicans that it doesn't matter how they vote
because they're going to vote Democrat anyways," Mr. Segura said. "... But
Democrats need to deliver or Latinos will lose faith. They've been waiting a
long time."

Contact Federico Martinez at:  or 419-724-6154.

___ (c)2013 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130725-TO-Immigration-bill-vote-could-sway
-Latinos-poll-says-0725-20130725

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2013 The Blade


                              221 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Yukon News (Yukon)

                              July 27, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Sicko system core of the problem

BYLINE: Michael Dougherty, Special to Yukon News

SECTION: NEWS; Just Society; Pg. 55

LENGTH: 729  words


Wisconsin's Bayfield Peninsula sticks its rounded thumb out into Lake Superior
more than 100 kilometres east of the tip of the lake at Duluth, Minnesota.

A 22-island archipelago sits just off to the north and east end of it.

Of "the Apostles," the only permanently inhabited island today is called
Madeline Island.

Aboriginal peoples found the peninsula's shores and woodlands attractive as a
seasonal stop in their annual round.

The Anishinaabe held sway in this boreal border land with the Sioux
predominating in the dry oak savannah of Minnesota to their southwest and the
Menominee to the southeast when the first Europeans arrived.

The French penetration of the heartland of the continent was well underway by
the early 17th century. Local lore has Etienne Brule there by 1618.

A more substantially corroborated historical record sees Radisson and
Groseilliers trading a couple of decades later followed closely by Jesuit
missionaries.

Trading posts run by the French, then the North West Company and finally Astor's
American Fur Co. held sequential economic sway over Madeline Island until the
1840s.

Logging and fishing then provided the impetus for settlement for a couple of
generations before the island settled into its present day tourist economy.

Wealthy families from Midwest states discovered this cool haven from urban heat
and humidity in the 1890s.

Family estates line the more valuable lakeside properties.

The further from the water you are the more affordable the land becomes. Most
experience the island, though, only as a day-trip destination.

A half-hour ferry ride to and from Bayfield, Wisconsin costs $20; a bike rental
is $30 a day, according to my niece Mazie who works at the local rental shop.

The cool water and views of Lake Superior are free.

The tale I have learned of Madeline Island is a familiar one. Who pays? Who
profits?

First the furbearing animals were trapped out then the people who came to rely
on the trade found themselves marginalized without land or livelihood.

The timber and fishery and their resource dependent communities followed the
same course as unsustainable harvests eroded their economic viability. Now
seasonal, part-time, benefitless jobs dominate the local economy.

Throughout our 11-state swing we heard story after story from friends and kin
alike of people being treated like disposable commodities.

The system here seems geared to generate profit, not build healthy, secure
communities.

From a professor who just found out that his wife will be dropped from his
university health-care policy after his retirement, to a nurse who realizes that
she will be forced to stay at a physically demanding job long after her body has
told her to stop because of her fear of losing medical coverage, the US
health-care system epitomizes this malady.

A self-employed carpenter here on Madeline Island with a wife and two children
knows they can't get sick. They must pay $1,100 a month for a $5,000-deductible
health insurance policy.

A senior citizen with the highest level of federal Medicare writes a monthly
cheque for supplemental care equal to 20 per cent of her pension income.

A teacher in Chicago will work past her retirement date to keep a health plan
until she qualifies for basic government assistance. The stories go on and on.

Absolutely everyone has one.

The central thesis of Michael Moore's film Sicko sets out that fear of losing
the little, high-cost security that they do have keeps many people from
demanding the alternatives that they know exist.

The powers that profit from the current status quo which sees tens of millions
of American citizens left without any medical coverage at all certainly aren't
interested in change.

They share a direct ethical lineage with the robber barons of the 1800s and the
corporate-monopolists of the 1900s who treated people, their communities and the
environment as disposable resources for their personal plundering.

Campaign-dollar dependent politicians willingly act as their accomplices.

Our neighbours know better than to blindly accept a system like this. They just
have to learn not to be afraid of demanding the needed changes.

As well, as witnesses to this sick tale we can't allow our own system to fall
prey to the siren call of greed and self interest.

Michael Dougherty is co-chair of the social justice committee of Sacred Heart
Cathedral of Whitehorse. Contact pazypan@yukon.net

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2007 Yukon News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 12, 2014 Thursday

Victim's mom sways Erie judge; woman gets sentencing break for fatal shooting

BYLINE: Ed Palattella, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 543 words


June 12--The most influential support that Kristina Mae Allen got on Wednesday
came from the mother of the man Allen shot to death.

The mother asked Erie County Judge Shad Connelly for mercy for Allen. The mother
said alcohol was the main reason for the slaying of her 27-year-old son, Dean W.
Haggerty, at a mobile home park in Summit Township in August.

Haggerty's blood alcohol content was three and one-half times the legal limit
for driving in Pennsylvania when Allen, his fiancee, shot him once in the chest
with his 9-mm pistol during an argument.

"Alcohol killed my son," Angel Haggerty told Connelly at Allen's sentencing.
Allen, she said, "just pulled the trigger."

Connelly said Angel Haggerty's comments moved him.

He cited them as he gave Allen, 29, seven to 15 years in state prison for her
conviction in April for third-degree murder -- a sentence in the mitigated range
of the state sentencing guidelines.

"The victim was severely intoxicated," he said.

He said the sentence accounted for the verdict as well as Allen's remorse and
lack of a prior record. Connelly also referred to the ongoing violence in the
city of Erie and other areas of the county.

Dean Haggerty's murder, he said, would have not occurred "had alcohol and a
loaded gun not been available. That is especially unfortunate in a community
that has been wracked by gunfire."

Allen faced a standard-range sentence of seven and one-half to 20 years and a
maximum sentence of 221/2 to 45 years.

The shooting happened at about 9:40 p.m. on Aug. 19 in the master bedroom of the
home Allen and Haggerty shared at 512 Squirrel Drive in Popp's Mobile Home Park,
off Route 97.

Allen did not testify at trial. She initially told police she shot Haggerty as
she tried to take the gun from him as he threatened to kill himself. Allen later
told police she pointed the gun at Haggerty and pulled the trigger because she
was upset with him for falsely accusing her of infidelity.

Allen on Wednesday cried as she turned and faced the packed courtroom gallery to
apologize to Haggerty's family.

"I pray every day that Dean somehow knows I never meant to hurt him," she said.

Her lawyer, Eric Mikovch, said the shooting was an accident. He asked Connelly
for a mitigated-range sentence of as little as a year to seven and one-half
years.

Allen also was convicted of aggravated assault, possession of a weapon and
recklessly endangering another person. Connelly's sentence covered those
charges.

Assistant District Attorney Brandon Bingle asked Connelly for a standard-range
sentence. Bingle said third-degree murder -- an unpremeditated killing with
malice -- fit because Allen knowingly disregarded Haggerty's life by pointing
and firing a loaded gun at him.

"He might have been intoxicated, but she wasn't," Bingle said after the
sentencing.

Bingle called on Angel Haggerty to address Connelly and said he was aware she
might ask for leniency for Allen. In regard to members of any victim's family at
a sentencing, Bingle said, "I believe they have a right to speak."

ED PALATTELLA can be reached at 870-1813 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNpalattella.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140612-EI-Victim-s-mom-sways
-Erie-judge-woman-gets-sentencing-break-for-fatal-shooting-0612-20140612

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                              223 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 11, 2014 Wednesday

Victim's mom sways Erie judge as woman gets sentencing break for fatal shooting

BYLINE: Ed Palattella, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 533 words


June 11--A statement from the victim's mother significantly contributed to a
29-year-old Summit Township woman getting to seven to 15 years in state prison
today for third-degree murder -- a sentence that was in the mitigated range of
the state sentencing guidelines for the woman, Kristina Mae Allen.

Allen, convicted in April, faced a standard-range sentence of seven and one-half
to 20 years, and a maximum sentence of 22 1/2 to 45 years, for fatally shooting
her fiance, Dean W. Haggerty, during a fight at their Summit Township residence
in August.

In giving Allen a sentencing break, Erie County Judge Shad Connelly today cited
the statements from Haggerty's mother, Angel Haggerty, who addressed him at
sentencing.

She asked for mercy for Allen, and blamed Dean Haggerty's death primarily on
alcohol. He was drunk at the time.

"Alcohol killed my son," said Angel Haggerty, whom the District Attorney's
Office called as a witness today. Allen, she said, "just pulled the trigger."

Assistant District Attorney Brandon Bingle contended that the killing warranted
a standard-range sentence, and that the evidence provided no grounds for
mitigation.

Connelly said he was moved by Angel Haggerty's request for mercy, as well as
Allen's lack of a prior record and what he said was her sincere apology to
Haggerty's family in court today.

"I pray every day that Dean somehow knows I never meant to hurt him," Allen
said, crying.

Allen, 29, shot Dean Haggerty, 27, once in the chest with his 9 mm handgun the
night of Aug. 19. State police said Allen was arguing with Haggerty after he had
repeatedly accused her of cheating on him. Haggerty's blood alcohol content when
he died was three and one-half times the legal limit for driving in
Pennsylvania.

The shooting occurred at about 9:40 p.m. inside the mobile home Allen and
Haggerty shared with their three young children -- two of them Haggerty's and
one Allen's, all of whom were present -- at 512 Squirrel Drive in Popp's Mobile
Home Park, off Route 97.

Assistant District Attorney Roger Bauer, the other prosecutor on the case,
argued to the jury in April that Allen committed third-degree murder, or an
unpremeditated killing with malice. Bauer said Allen knowingly disregarded
Haggerty's life by pointing the gun at him and firing.

She did not testify at trial. Her lawyer, Eric Mikovch, argued the shooting was
an accident. He asked Connelly today to impose a mitigated-range sentence of as
little as a year to seven and one-half years.

Allen also was convicted of the first-degree felony of aggravated assault, the
first-degree misdemeanor of possession of a weapon and the second-degree
misdemeanor of recklessly endangering another person.

The assault and endangerment charges merged with the third-degree murder count
and did not lead to more prison time for Allen. Connelly gave her three months
to 30 months on the weapons charge, but ordered her to serve that sentence at
the same time she serves the seven-to-15-years for the murder conviction.

Go to Thursday's Erie Times-News and GoErie.com for more coverage.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140611-EI-Victim-s-mom-sways
-Erie-judge-as-woman-gets-sentencing-break-for-fatal-shooting-0611-20140611

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                              224 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 14, 2016 Monday

Zuckerberg: Facebook fake news didn't sway race;
CEO says network will enable users to flag news hoaxes

BYLINE: and Jessica Kevin Guynn McCoy

SECTION: ; Pg. Z5

LENGTH: 729 words


tifying Mark Zuckerberg 'truth' is complicated says "iden- ."

Facebook is taking steps to eliminate fake news and hoaxes that some critics
have suggested might have influenced the 2016 presidential election, CEO Mark
Zuckerberg says.

While reiterating earlier comments in which he said it was "extremely unlikely"
that phony stories posted on Facebook changed the election outcome, Zuckerberg
said work has already begun that would enable the social media giant's users "to
flag fake news and hoaxes."

"Our goal is to show people the content they will find most meaningful, and
people want accurate news," Zuckerberg wrote in a personal Facebook statement
posted Saturday night.

"This is an area where I believe we must proceed very carefully, though," said
Zuckerberg, who reasserted that "more than 99% of what people see is authentic."

Zuckerberg provided no specifics about how Facebook's News Feed might be
changed, cautioning that "this work often takes longer than we'd like in order
to confirm changes we make won't introduce unintended side effects or bias into
the system." He encouraged Facebook's millions of worldwide users to follow
updates online.

The latest statements responded to growing criticism of Face-book's ascendant
power to sway public opinion. He initially dismissed suggestions that fake
stories - such as ones that stated Pope Francis had supported Donald Trump -
played no a role in the Republican presidential nominee's victory over Democrat
Hillary Clinton.

"To think it influenced the election in any way is a pretty crazy idea,"
Zuckerberg said Thursday at the Techonomy conference in Half Moon Bay, Calif.

Zuckerberg's combined comments on the issue back-to-back statements came as
Trump's win prompted Silicon Valley soul searching, with some wondering whether
tools created in U.S. tech world's capital might have run amok. Social media has
increasingly become a go-to news source. Nearly half of Americans get their news
from Facebook, according to the Pew Research Center. In contrast, just two in 10
U.S. adults get news from print newspapers.

Through this all, Facebook has resisted calls that it's become a defacto news
publisher, exercising editorial judgement with the power to sway the minds of
billions, and instead reiterated that it's simply a technology platform.

Zuckerberg reiterated that stance again, saying "I believe we must be extremely
cautious about becoming arbiters of the truth ourselves," he wrote.

"Identifying the 'truth' is complicated. While some hoaxes can be completely
debunked, a greater amount of content, including from mainstream sources, often
gets the basic idea right but some details wrong or omitted," Zuckerberg wrote.

Even more Facebook news stories "express an opinion that many will disagree
with" and incorrectly flag them as inaccurate, he added.

"I am confident we can find ways for our community to tell us what content is
most meaningful, but I believe we must be extremely cautious about becoming
arbiters of the truth ourselves," Zuckerberg wrote.

But the growing news source is also experiencing growing pains.

While fake news has posed a longstanding challenge for Face-book, the problem
appeared to accelerate during the election. President Obama addressed the issue
during a pre-election Michigan rally for Clinton last week.

"And people, if they just repeat attacks enough, and outright lies over and over
again, as long as it's on Facebook and people can see it, as long as it's on
social media, people start believing it. And it creates this dust cloud of
nonsense," Obama said.

The issue has also been the subject of debate among Face-book's leadership and
employees, The New York Times reported Saturday. Some in the tech world have
similarly flagged the controversy.

Tech investor Dave McClure, founder of the business accelerator 500 Startups,
called technology "a propaganda medium" that has contributed to the growing
spread of fake information.

"It is a very good thing if people in Silicon Valley are contemplating the
consequences of the inventions they delivered to an unsuspecting world," tech
forecaster Paul Saffo said. "The fact that there's any reflection going on at
all is a very good sign. There has long been this naive view that technology is
neutral and there's nothing neutral about technology. The problem is we can
never figure out which way it's going to cut until it arrives."

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              225 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                            August 2, 2007, Thursday

How powerful is Citizen Murdoch now?

BYLINE: Ron Scherer Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: USA; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 937 words

DATELINE: New York


With Rupert Murdoch's $5 billion acquisition of Dow Jones & Co., he is set to be
established as one of America's most powerful media barons - a man whose sway
stretches from the teens who watch "The Simpsons" to the financiers of Wall
Street, from New York's City Hall to the White House.

But unlike past media moguls - such as William Randolph Hearst and Joseph
Pulitzer, whose newspapers' sensationalist reporting may have pushed the nation
into the Spanish-American War - media owners today may find it more difficult to
sway national opinion, some experts say. With the advent of the Internet,
information percolates to the public from thousands of sources. Cable or
satellite TV allows Americans to choose everything from the BBC to Bloomberg
Television.

"He has a huge empire as we look at it internationally, but it's not really the
case that he is that dominant in the newspaper world in America," says Rick
Edmonds, a media analyst at the Poynter Institute in St. Petersburg, Fla. "But
there is a host of reasons to be apprehensive: He's a willful guy and has thrown
his weight around in the past and may do so again." Mr. Murdoch is likely to
leave his biggest mark on financial news. The US print edition of The Wall
Street Journal - part of the Dow Jones stable - reaches 1.7 million readers each
day. Global paid circulation is more than 2.7 million.

"The Wall Street Journal is a dominant force, the single most import source of
financial journalism," says Mr. Edmonds.

The Journal purchase may eventually fit into Murdoch's plans for an on-air
financial news network, set to start this fall. However, at the moment, Dow
Jones has an agreement that Journal reporters will appear on CNBC, a potential
competitor to Murdoch's new network. "In the short run, he will have to buy out
the CNBC contract to draw on the resources of the brand," says Edmonds.

Financial news on television has been a tough sell. CNN shut down its financial
network because of low ratings and an aggressive move by Murdoch to raise the
rates that CNNfn paid for using his satellites. Fortune magazine has tried,
unsuccessfully, several shows including a version of "Wall Street Week."

"There have been a lot of attempts to translate print to the television format,
but it's not a guaranteed success," says Edmonds.

Murdoch may also have his hands full managing the Journal, winner of 31 Pulitzer
Prizes. During the three-month takeover battle, many Journal reporters sent
letters to the Bancroft family, the longtime owner of Dow Jones, asking it not
to sell the paper. "As this drama has unfolded, there has been anxiety among the
staff, and you can be sure some will leave," says Steve Davis, chair of the
newspaper department at the S.I. Newhouse School of Public Communication at
Syracuse University in New York.

"Let's say 10 percent of the workforce leaves," says Mr. Davis. "Just look at
history. This kind of thing has spawned departures, and it will again."

Murdoch, for his part, has said he intends to invest in Dow Jones-style
journalism. However, Davis suspects the media mogul will also want to make
changes. "No one spends $5 billion and change doesn't follow," he says.

While some modifications may take place in the focus of the Journal, or perhaps
even in its sections, few expect major changes. Murdoch won't want to antagonize
the business readership. "My sense is that he's smart enough not to tip over the
apple cart at The Wall Street Journal," says Edmonds. "To win the hearts and
minds of the readers, I think there will be improvements versus a New York Post
style of journalism."

However, many are concerned about the new power Murdoch, who already runs News
Corp., will acquire with this purchase. "Clearly his business life continues to
be [about acquiring] as much media power as possible, and then use it to promote
both his deep-seated right-wing politics and his business interests," says Josh
Silver, executive director of Free Press, a national organization in Washington
trying to reform the media. "The fact is that some laws need to be applied to
Rupert Murdoch since he owns television stations, cable news operations, and one
of only [a few] national newspapers."

Others say Murdoch can't control the national agenda. "Is he a powerful media
baron?" asks Larry Sabato, a political scientist at the University of Virginia
in Charlottesville. "Absolutely. But having influence is different than
controlling the media. The New York Times and The Washington Post ... have
influence, too."

Through his Fox News, Murdoch has staked out the conservative side, many
analysts say. But Edmonds believes the decision was more economic than
ideological. "If you start with the premise that all four major networks are
liberal, it makes sense to position yourself as a conservative," he says.

In fact, Murdoch has shown some pragmatism at times. In 2000, the New York Post
supported Republican Rick Lazio in his race against Democrat Hillary Rodham
Clinton for the US Senate. After she won, however, the Post has been largely
supportive of her presidential campaign, some say.

"He has certainly cozied up to her because of the New York Post," says Mr.
Sabato. "She might be his Democratic choice, but he also might have a Republican
choice."

Even if Senator Clinton is the Democratic nominee, Sabato says The Wall Street
Journal is not likely to be endorsing her, no matter who owns the paper. "There
would be a rebellion if he forced the editors to endorse Hillary," he says. "The
readers of The Wall Street Journal are not voting for Hillary no matter what
Murdoch says."

(c) Copyright 2007. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 15, 2014 Saturday

Harry Reid tried to sway Senate appointment, Bullock says

BYLINE: Charles S. Johnson |, The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 311 words


Feb. 15--HELENA--Gov. Steve Bullock said Friday he told U.S. Senate Majority
Harry Reid to butt out when Reid tried to offer his opinion on the governor's
future appointment of a new U.S. senator to replace Sen. Max Baucus.

Bullock told reporters Friday that he received a call from Reid in December
before it became public that President Barack Obama would be appointing Sen. Max
Baucus as the U.S. ambassador to China. By law, the Montana governor fills any
Senate vacancies by appointing a replacement.

"He wanted to weigh in on who I should choose and this was before it was even
public," Bullock said. "And I said it was none of your damn business."

Bullock was asked if Reid had suggested a name for him to appoint.

The governor told reporters to contact Reid to get his side of the conversation.

In response to another question asking him about the call from Reid, Bullock
recounted his end of the conversation:

"I said, 'You know what. Stay out of my decision-making. This is a decision I
make and no one else. This is one of those decisions that voters have entrusted
me with.' "

The State Bureau placed a call to Reid's press office and was awaiting a reply.

Bullock on Feb. 7 appointed Lt. Gov. John Walsh as Baucus' replacement. Walsh
already was running for the open Senate seat, and Bullock had endorsed him.

In April, Baucus had surprised the political world by announcing he would not
seek a seventh term in the U.S. Senate.

Republicans have alleged the Baucus' appointment as ambassador to China and
Walsh's appointment as senator was part of a "backroom deal" orchestrated by the
White House, Reid and Bullock.

"If there was a backroom deal, I certainly was never invited to that back room,"
Bullock said Friday.

___ (c)2014 The Montana Standard (Butte, Mont.) Visit The Montana Standard
(Butte, Mont.) at www.mtstandard.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140215-BU-Harry-Reid-tried-to-sway
-Senate-appointment-Bullock-says-0215-20140215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2014 The Montana Standard


                              227 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 9, 2013 Monday

Jobs fail to sway foes of tunnels

BYLINE: Alex Breitler, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1283 words


Sept. 09--STOCKTON -- The promise of thousands of temporary construction jobs
does not appear to have softened skepticism about what Gov. Jerry Brown's $24.5
billion twin tunnels could mean for this region's economy.

State officials of late have repeatedly emphasized that the tunnels -- whether
Stockton residents think they're good for the Delta or not -- will at least
provide an employment opportunity for this city, still struggling to recover
from the Great Recession.

According to the state's recently released economic analysis, building the
30-mile-long, 40-foot-wide tunnels beneath the river estuary will create 42,258
jobs in San Joaquin County alone over the decade-long construction period
(although, in this case, the analysis defines a "job" as full-time work for just
one year).

Within deeply opposed Delta communities, project backers have been publicly
pushing jobs estimates, most recently in an op-ed published by the Manteca
Bulletin in late August.

"One of the ironies of the current public debate is that (the project),
according to the recent economic report, would have its biggest and most
immediately beneficial impact on some of the same communities that are most
opposed," wrote Jerry Meral, the governor's point man on water.

Meral pointed out Stockton recently filed for bankruptcy.

But readers should proceed with caution before accepting predictions about job
creation, said Mark Plovnick, director of economic development at the University
of the Pacific.

"There's no question that when you spend a lot of money on a project anywhere,
it's going to have an economic impact in the short run," Plovnick said. "The
general problem I have with these studies is what you get depends a lot on who
commissioned the study; ... having looked at a bunch of them over the years, it
appears there is a bias depending on who commissions them."

In this case, the study -- by University of California, Berkeley, economist
David Sunding -- was ordered by the state agency that wants to build the
tunnels.

No doubt, the anticipated 42,000-plus jobs in San Joaquin County alone -- there
would be 110,596 jobs overall -- is "a pretty significant number," Plovnick
said.

"The question is, 'Is it true?' " he said.

The projections raise a number of issues:

How much will the jobs really help?: A number means little without context, and
it's clear the temporary jobs would not rescue Stockton from its problems
altogether.

Averaged over the 10 years of construction, those 42,258 jobs would actually
amount to a little more than 4,200 jobs at any given time.

To put that number in perspective, 38,200 people were unemployed in San Joaquin
County as of July. The county has a total work force just shy of 300,000 people.

Furthermore, it would be dangerous to assume that all of the "new" tunnel jobs
will be drawn from the county's large pool of unemployed workers, said William
Lee, chairman of the Economics Department at Saint Mary's College in Moraga.

Job creation estimates are often overstated, Lee said, because some workers
hired for special projects are already working on other jobs at the time.

Will local people be hired?: About 30 percent of tunnel workers are expected to
come from out of state and live temporarily in the Delta region, according to
environmental documents for the project. The reports acknowledge the need for
specialists to run tunnel-drilling machines, and say out-of-region contractors
"may bring their crews to the area."

"Many" workers, however, would be local.

Jeffrey Michael, a Pacific economist who has worked as a consultant for the
anti-tunnel Delta Protection Agency, questioned whether unemployed Stockton-area
residents will have the skills to work on the tunnels. A representative of the
Stockton-based Operating Engineers Local Union No. 3, which represents thousands
of construction workers, said it was too soon to take a stance on the project.

You wouldn't necessarily have to be a professional tunnel driller to benefit.
The state's estimate of 42,258 jobs includes not only the construction workers
themselves, but also far more of what economists would call "indirect" and
"induced" jobs -- those that occur when businesses such as restaurants or stores
benefit from increased spending by tunnel workers.

What happens when the tunnels are finished?: The state foresees still more local
jobs, as the tunnels plan also calls for converting roughly 100,000 acres of
Delta farmland to habitat for fish and wildlife over half a century.

Plus, operating and maintaining the tunnels is supposed to create an additional
283 long-term jobs, 97 of them in San Joaquin County.

The state concludes that the overall economic impact on the Delta will be
positive, though critics have said Sunding's analysis underestimates future
impacts on water quality, among other shortcomings. They say diverting Delta
water would cause further degradation of rivers and streams, harming the
county's $2.9 billion agricultural industry and undermining the city's new $220
million Delta drinking water plant.

These are issues that must be considered, beyond the sheer number of
construction jobs, said Lee, the Saint Mary's economist. "What will happen once
the (tunnels) project is completed?" he asked. "Will the project benefit the
region, or are the main benefits to other regions? Will all the non-locals leave
the region and will the local workers become unemployed?"

Would the jobs help Stockton recover from bankruptcy?: The city's bankruptcy was
created in part by a boom-and-bust housing economy, and the tunnels could create
a similar effect, albeit on a smaller scale, Michael said. The extra jobs would
help for a while, but when the project's over, the jobs are, too.

"It's a big project, and it might make a bit of a dent in the short run, but I
just think this community would prefer the state made an investment that the
community actually wanted," such as enhancements at the Port of Stockton, or
improved highways and schools, Michael said.

Douglass Wilhoit, CEO of the Greater Stockton Chamber of Commerce, called the
jobs estimate a "feel-good" number that had no substance. "I don't trust the
state at all," he said, calling the reference to Stockton's bankruptcy a punch
"way below the belt."

This is the same state government, after all, that took away community
redevelopment money that might have helped Stockton recover from bankruptcy,
Wilhoit said. "They didn't seem to care about the local economy then," he said.

Andrew Fields, director of water policy for the California Alliance For Jobs,
said he hoped the jobs estimate would prompt Stockton-area citizens and leaders
to reconsider the project, even though opposition dates decades to the original
peripheral canal proposal of the 1970s and '80s.

There are people in San Joaquin County who have the training to work now on
less-technical aspects of the project, including laborers and heavy-machine
operators, he said.

"Behind the numbers are real families and real benefits, the majority of which
will come from places like San Joaquin County," Fields said. "I know people have
different motivations for support or opposition, but I would hope those opposed
would take a look at things that the project could do, the economic stimulus
that's going to come from it, and take a look at just why they're opposed. If
they're still opposed, they have every right, but I would hope they would factor
in more than just a single-minded point of view."

Contact reporter Alex Breitler at (209) 546-8295 or abreitler@recordnet.com
Visit his blog at www.recordnet.com/breitlerblog.

___ (c)2013 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130909-SK-Jobs-fail-to-sway-foes-of-tunnels-0909-20130909

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2013 The Record


                              228 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 21, 2011 Wednesday

Leniency plea fails to sway judge

BYLINE: John Mangalonzo, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 412 words


Sept. 21--Carlos Martez Downs is adamant he was a victim of circumstances.

"I'm not a drug dealer," the 50-year-old Downs told District Court Judge Cynthia
Danielson on Monday. "I was an addict."

His pleas for leniency, however, proved futile as Danielson opted for the
protection of the community and sentenced Downs to three concurrent 10-year
prison terms for three counts of delivery of crack cocaine.

Downs must serve at least three years before he becomes eligible for parole.

"We have a series of deliveries here," said Des Moines County prosecutor Tyron
Rogers as he asked for the man to be sent to the state penitentiary.

Rogers went on and described Downs' crime as a "pattern of conduct."

In support of his request for the penalty, Rogers noted Downs has spent some
time in two federal prisons in the past in Minnesota and South Dakota for
similar offenses.

"He does have a history of assaultive behavior," Rogers added.

Peter Hansen, Downs' attorney, reiterated the crimes his client was convicted on
had nothing to do with violence.

Hansen suggested "rather than send him to prison," to suspend the time and place
Downs on probation with the inclusion of a stint at the Burlington Men's
Residential Facility, commonly known as the halfway house, along with requiring
the man to undergo a series of substance abuse evaluation and treatment.

"I've been ashamed at myself a lot," Downs said, as he asked Danielson for
"mercy."

"This is not who I am," Down continued. "It seems the devil won't let me go. I
just want to take responsibility."

"I'm tired, and now here's another door being slammed on me," he told the judge.

Danielson, in sentencing Downs, highlighted the man's many convictions for
assault and parole violation, along with his drug offenses.

"He has been provided treatment in the past," Danielson noted.

In May 2010, an informant told Southeast Iowa Narcotics task Force agents Downs
had been selling crack in the area.

Authorities used the informant to buy crack cocaine from Downs on three separate
occasions in July 2010.

Each of the two transactions were for $50 worth, while the other one was for
$40, authorities said, adding the substance tested positive for crack cocaine
during a field examination.

On Monday, Danielson also ordered Downs to pay the task force the $140 the
informant used to buy the crack from him.

___ (c)2011 The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa) Visit The Hawk Eye (Burlington,
Iowa) at www.thehawkeye.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110921-QW-Leniency-plea-fails-to-sway-judge-0921-20110921

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2011 The Hawk Eye


                              229 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

BRIEF: Drunken man sways down roadway, gets struck by car, then arrested

BYLINE: Matt Troutman, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 190 words


Sept. 12--TRAVERSE CITY -- A drunken Traverse City man narrowly avoided injury
after his stroll into a busy road's turn lane gave him a too-close encounter
with a passing vehicle's side mirror.

Grand Traverse County sheriff's Capt. Randy Fewless said a deputy on Sept. 5
arrested the wayward pedestrian, 56, on suspicion of disorderly conduct. He said
a woman reported she drove down Garfield Avenue when she noticed a man swaying
and staggering in the middle turn lane near South Airport Road.

"This guy runs out in front of her," he said. "She struck him with her driver's
side mirror, knocking him down."

Fewless said the man wasn't injured. He said the deputy, who noted that the man
seemed drunk, gave the suspect a breath test that showed his blood-alcohol
content to be .24.

"He was intoxicated to the point where he couldn't explain why he was in the
roadway," Fewless said.

The deputy arrested the man and took him to Grand Traverse County's jail.
Fewless said he's yet to be charged.

___ (c)2014 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140912-ZK-BRF-Drunken-man-sways
-down-roadway-gets-struck-by-car-then-arrested-0912-20140912

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2014 The Record-Eagle


                              230 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 13, 2013 Monday

County board aims to sway governor on healthcare issue

BYLINE: Joe Knight, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 418 words


May 13--While their action would only be advisory, Eau Claire County Board
supervisors are considering a move that many hope will send a strong message to
Gov. Scott Walker.

Last week the County Board considered a resolution encouraging the state
Legislature to support the state's acceptance of federal Medicaid funding that
would allow for the continuation and expansion of the state's BadgerCare program
that provides health insurance for some of Wisconsin's poor population.

The board referred the proposed resolution to the Human Services Committee and
the Finance and Budget Committee. The issue likely will return to board members
for a vote with recommendations from those committees.

As an alternative option, the board is considering action that would urge
legislators to approve allowing counties to enhance Medicaid funding for
qualified recipients.

Supervisors Colleen Bates, Nick Smiar and Gerald Wilkie introduced the
ordinance. On May 6, at a an event in Eau Claire organized by Citizen Action of
Wisconsin, the trio spoke on behalf of proposed legislation to accept Medicaid
funding in Wisconsin, saying that action would help state residents most in need
of assistance.

"This is an opportunity to address the needs of the people most in need of
help," Wilkie said. "Not to take that opportunity would be a grave mistake."

The 2013-15 state budget proposed by Walker includes the rejection of federal
funding that would expand BadgerCare because of fears the program could grow
more costly in the future if federal money is reduced. Wisconsin would receive
$4.4 billion in federal aid during the next six years for Medicaid expansion.

Walker has proposed having poor residents purchase insurance privately, but many
have said they can't afford to do so. If Walker's measure is approved, about
88,000 adults who currently qualify for BadgerCare will be dropped from
coverage, opponents of Walkers plan said.

Failure to accept the federal money will mean more uninsured and under-insured
residents, which will lead to more untreated instances of mental health and
substance abuse and less preventative health care, Bates said.

"Any way you look at this, it's going to mean higher costs for us at the county
level and a worse quality of life for many people," she said.

Knight can be reached at 715-830-5835, 800-236-7077 or joe.knight@ecpc.com

___ (c)2013 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130513-EW-County-board-aims-to-sway
-governor-on-healthcare-issue-0513-20130513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2013 The Leader-Telegram


                              231 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald-Palladium, St. Joseph, Mich.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 16, 2010 Thursday

Gardner testimony fails to sway judge

BYLINE: William F. Ast III, The Herald-Palladium, St. Joseph, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 465 words


Sept. 16--GRAND RAPIDS -- Despite surprise testimony from former Stevensville
village manager Todd Gardner last week, a judge ordered that he forfeit almost
$300,000 connected to his embezzling conviction.

Gardner in July was found guilty of embezzling $271,696 from the village.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Matthew Borgula said Gardner testified in Grand Rapids
last Wednesday that part of the funds from the village's public works account
had been used for village purposes, and not for his personal use.

Gardner admitted taking under $200,000 from the village, but disputed using a
public works debit card to take even more, Borgula said. However, U.S. District
Court Judge Janet Neff said the preponderance of evidence showed Gardner had
used the card for personal gain, and issued a preliminary forfeiture order for
$272,758 against Gardner.

Gardner was on the stand for an hour, Borgula said. "I didn't expect him to
testify, but he did," he told The Herald-Palladium. Borgula didn't call any
witnesses.

The judge's order allows the government to seize assets from the defendant,
"just like any other creditor," Borgula said. "We can get assets not connected
to the crime."

The government has already seized a Chevrolet TrailBlazer that Gardner bought
with village funds, Borgula said.

It's part of the punishment phase rather than restitution, Borgula said.

"If we collect anything, we will give it back to the village," Borgula said. "It
gives us an extra option when it comes to collecting."

Gardner will be sentenced at 9 a.m. Oct. 18 in Neff's courtroom, Borgula said.
Victims will be able to address the court, and may or may not be placed under
oath, Borgula said.

Gardner faces up to 20 years in prison and will have to make restitution.

Borgula said he expects Gardner to appeal his conviction.

Gardner was village manager from April 2006 to May 2009, when the council did
not renew his contract. A federal jury in July found him guilty of using village
funds to pay utility bills, make credit card payments, buy a vehicle, take
vacations, buy groceries and to help pay his mortgage.

Gardner at the trial was represented by the federal public defender's office. He
remains free on $25,000 bond.

The Stevensville Village Council last week voted to file a civil suit against
Gardner in an attempt to recover funds.

wast@TheH-P.com

To see more of The Herald-Palladium, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldpalladium.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Herald-Palladium, St.
Joseph, Mich. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100916-ZJ-Gardner-testimony-fails-to-sway-judge-0916-20100916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZJ


                      Copyright 2010 The Herald-Palladium


                              232 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             January 4, 2008 Friday

Caucuses provide education for high school students from Wisconsin

BYLINE: Stacey Becker

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 289 words


Mixed in with the nearly 500 Iowans caucusing at the Tri-State Blind Society
were a surprising number of Wisconsin high school students.

A couple months before Thursday's anticipated caucus, teachers from at least
three high schools near Milwaukee decided their students should experience
history ringside.

Cathy Atkinson, of Waukesha West High School, brought students from her Advanced
Placement American Government and Politics class nearly 21/2 hours to observe a
Dubuque caucus.

"I was pretty excited," said Erin Knudson, 17, of Waukesha West. "I looked up
the candidates and learned more about them."

Her classmate, Rachel Gerdes, 17, also was excited to witness an Iowa caucus in
action.

"It's neat that people in Iowa are able to try to sway others for their side,"
Gerdes said. Both plan to vote in the general election.

The students witnessed the political sway of Iowa in two precincts at one
location. On the left side of the building was Precinct 6, with 198 caucus
participants. On the right side of the building was Precinct 8, with 287 caucus
participants. Each boasted more caucus-goers than 2004, a common theme in
Dubuque and throughout the Iowa caucuses.

"There are faces here tonight I've never seen (caucus) before," said Precinct 8
Chairman Bob Carr.

By the end of the evening, Sen. Hillary Clinton claimed four delegates in
Precinct 8, while former Sen. John Edwards and Sen. Barack Obama each had three.
In Precinct 6, Obama had three delegates, while Clinton and Edwards each had
two.

"I was confused at first," Knudson said. But after conferring with her teacher,
the Wisconsin student began to understand better Iowa's unique caucus system and
seemed to enjoy the pandemonium of a caucus night in Iowa.

- Stacey Becker

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 998 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright 2017 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.,
                              All Rights Reserved
                     LexisNexis® Corporate Affiliations[TM]

                                 March 6, 2017

                                Sway-A-Way Corp.

                                20724 Lassen St
                             Chatsworth,  CA 91311

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (818) 700-9712
URL: www.swayaway.com

FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/pages/Sway-A-Way/103752582780
TWITTER: www.twitter.com/swayaway1

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DCA NUMBER: 1645704

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: PRIVATE
EMPLOYEES:
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES:  30

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER             TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Ryan Shimp, Mgr     Executive           Manager

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Sway-A-Way is based in Chatsworth, CA. The company is a manufacturer of
off-road, street, truck, and circle track suspension and driveline components.
Its products include shocks, rugged axles and torsion bars, sway bars, and hubs.


INDUSTRY TYPE: All Other Motor Vehicle Parts Mfr

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
336390 - Other Motor Vehicle Parts Manufacturing
SIC CODES:
3714 - Motor Vehicle Parts & Accessories

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

SALES:  USD 9,630,000
REVENUE TYPE:  Revenue

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017


                              234 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 25, 2013 Monday

Improved business climate sways Shear Katz to relocate to downtown Duluth

BYLINE: Candace Renalls, Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 790 words


Nov. 25--What a difference a few months can make.

In May, problems created by Last Place on Earth in downtown Duluth prompted
nearby Justin Paul Salon & Spa to close.

At the time, owner Justin Paul said on Facebook that the neighborhood had
declined and his customer base had shrunk so much that he couldn't continue to
do business. Nearby storekeepers also had been hurt by the head shop's sale of
synthetic drugs at 120 E. Superior St. and the behavior of its customers.

But since the Last Place on Earth was shut down in July and owner Jim Carlson
was convicted in October of 51 counts related to the sale of synthetic drugs,
business has been looking up in Old Downtown.

Without hesitation, Shear Katz Salon & Day Spa management signed a five-year
lease and moved into the vacated Justin Paul space at 26 E. Superior St. a few
weeks ago.

"Downtown was looking pretty dark there for a while," owner Taylor Peterson
said. "But with no more Jim Carlson, we're ready to bring life back into this
block of town."

Manager Nancy Rae Wagner, who is Peterson's mother, agreed.

"It's definitely a plus that it closed," Wagner said of Last Place on Earth a
block away. "If it were open, we probably

wouldn't have made the move."

Kristi Stokes, president of the Greater Downtown Council, is calling it a
turnaround.

"We're seeing a lot of businesses interested in downtown," Stokes said. "We're
seeing new storefronts, such as Shear Katz coming right in that block. There's a
lot of energy and things happening."

And much of that has happened since the verdicts.

"Right after the verdict, you could tell a change in the overall mood downtown
and in our community," Stokes said. "We weren't constantly talking about Last
Place on Earth anymore. We could move on; so many have just moved on. This is a
new chapter."

Like Justin Paul salon, Shear Katz is a full-service salon. Its offerings
include hot stone and deep tissue massage, facials, manicures and pedicures,
eyelash and brow tinting and various spa packages as well as hair color, cuts,
straightening and extensions.

The former Justin Paul space was basically move-in ready. Still, the walls got a
fresh coat of paint, and more lighting was added, Wagner said.

"We bought everything in here, down to the three chandeliers," she said.

Wagner's former husband, Doug Peterson, started Shear Katz in late 1986. It
operated in a house on London Road for seven years, before moving to Fitger's in
1993. When Doug Peterson passed away last year, their son, Taylor, inherited the
business.

Doug Peterson's drive to continue moving the business "to the next edge" is
another reason for the move downtown, his son and former wife say.

"We're pressing on to the next generation of Shear Katz and the next edge,"
Wagner said. "And this is what we feel being in downtown Duluth is doing for us.
We wanted to go to downtown Duluth because the opportunity was there."

Their new street-level site in the Wieland Block has a lot going for it, too,
she believes.

"It's an absolutely incredible location," Wagner said. "Twenty thousand cars go
by every day. You can get here by skywalk. You can get anywhere downtown with
the skywalks. We got the Tech Village parking and the city of Duluth casino
parking."

Longtime client Michelle Robertson of Duluth followed her Shear Katz stylist to
the new location within days of its move from Fitger's Brewery Complex.

"I needed a haircut so I had to find David," Robertson said of longtime stylist
David Kirvan. "I'm downtown with my job quite a bit. It has some advantages.
They say downtown is where it's happening. You just need to adjust."

It was a quick move for the salon, made in a week after its lease at Fitger's
Brewery Complex was up and lease renewal negotiations proved unsuccessful.

"Our time at Fitger's was good, and now we're moving on," Wagner said. "The door
closed for us at Fitger's and opened up for us downtown."

Tami Tanski Sherman, manager of Fitger's mall, wished them well and expects to
have their vacated space on the lower level of Fitger's occupied by a permanent
new tenant in a few months.

Meanwhile, Shear Katz's staff of 20 is enjoying the new downtown location and
the natural light that pours in from the large windows, made greater by the
removal of the old Justin Paul awnings. And located right along Superior Street,
the business is getting public exposure it never had before.

"This is definitely the up and coming area of Duluth," Taylor Peterson said.
"This is where I wanted Shear Katz to flourish. We were in the basement for 20
years, and now we're ready for light. It feels more alive.

___ (c)2013 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131125-DU-Improved-business-climate-sways
-Shear-Katz-to-relocate-to-downtown-Duluth-1125-20131125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2013 Duluth News-Tribune


                              235 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                             March 7, 2017 Tuesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Sway Turbine, A/S on March 7, 2017 titled as
"Wind turbine rotor with improved hub system"

LENGTH: 207 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,587,624 on March 7, 2017, to Sway Turbine, A/S titled as "Wind turbine rotor
with improved hub system"

Inventors: Borgen; Eystein (Radal, NO)


Assignee: Sway Turbine, A/S

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
wind turbine rotor includes a number of blades (5) which are rotatably mounted
about an axis of rotation and a number of blade supports (12) each supporting a
respective blade (5). Each blade support includes a pair of legs (14) which are
spaced apart along the axis of rotation. A pair of hub supports (62) support the
legs (14), with the hub supports (62) also being spaced apart along the axis of
rotation. The rotor further includes a pair of bearing systems (52), each
bearing system being associated with one of the hub supports (62) and each
bearing system rotatably supporting its associated hub support so as to allow
its associated hub support to rotate about the axis of rotation. Each hub
support allows the communication of forces between the blades (5), and each hub
support includes at least a pair of radially extending walls (80)."

The patent was filed on September 26, 2012 Application No. 14/347,337


LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 13, 2016 Sunday

Erie ballroom dance clubs sway the nights away

BYLINE: Jennie Geisler Hutchison, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 1230 words


March 13--ERIE, Pa. -- The lights are low, the music plays, your partner guides
you to the floor. You both know exactly what to do. Step back, glide forward,
turn, dip, spin.

Couples around you, dressed to the nines, slide past, murmuring, smiling and
then go around again.

"We actually communicate as we are dancing, and that's what makes it very
special and very romantic," said Mary Flamini.

Flamini, 61, and her husband, John, 61, belong to Stardust Dance Club, a social
group for people who enjoy ballroom dancing. Every Monday night, dance
instructor Jody Kacyon offers a lesson in one type of dance, such as fox trot or
cha-cha. One Saturday night a month, the club hosts a dance that includes an
hourlong lesson and three hours of dancing.

For dance night, members dress formally, women in dresses, men in jackets and
ties.

"A lot of formal occasions are gone out of life," Flamini said. "People like to
dress up and look nice."

The members of Stardust aren't necessarily people who have taken years of dance
lessons. Many of the dance club members learned all they know from Kacyon on
Monday nights, or other instructors around town.

Sallie Kotzman, 58, and her husband, Lou, 61, of Edinboro, learned from local
USADance instructor Don Ray several years ago when they put on a ballroom dance
as a fundraiser.

Now they make their way to Erie for dances no matter the weather.

"We go where the dance floor is," she said with a laugh. "It's something my
husband and I do together. It's good exercise. Good for the soul. It's been
proven it's really good for the mind and socialization.

"You meet wonderful people," she said. "And it's inexpensive. It's less than a
movie. It's a great way to get out and do something."

Erie has three social ballroom dance clubs, each with a different structure, but
many members enjoy dancing so much they go to more than one.

Flamini said Stardust was created about 25 years ago by several couples who
liked to dance and wanted a time and place to do it, and to have more
experienced dancers teach those who didn't know as much. The group now has 130
official members. Flamini said about 50 attend the dances, and about 20 to 25
attend the Monday night classes.

Anyone, even singles with no experience, is invited to the classes, Flamini
said.

"Some dancers are willing to have two partners," she said. "And they'll trade to
practice.

"It makes everybody a better dancer. More experience and brand-new people.
That's the spirit of the club: for more experienced dancers to share what they
know."

USADance is a local chapter of a national organization. It's run locally by Jim
Kosco, 71, who has been involved with the group for 30 years. He and his wife,
Jan, took serious ballroom dance lessons when they lived in New Jersey. They
moved to Erie in 1996 and were relieved to find a USADance chapter here.

Kosco said ballroom dancing gets dismissed as old-fashioned, tossed aside with
"boring" music by the iPod generation.

He agreed that it started a few generations ago but added that it's very much
alive. You can do classic ballroom dancing steps to Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, the
Black Eyed Peas, Elvis and others. All you need is the right beat.

And, of course, looking cool on a dance floor has never gone out of style.

That's the idea behind Club 50, another social ballroom dance club in the city.
It currently does not offer lessons but hosts seven dances a year.

"When you go to a dance, a special occasion, special event, you want to dance
with somebody there," said Ray, past president of Club 50. "Because they know
how to do a waltz.

"It's hard to dance," he said. "You have to practice a little. Can't just go to
dance and do all that. Here there's plenty of room, beautiful music, social
atmosphere. It's almost something from a bygone era when people went to these
clubs, knew how to dress, know how you behave, like ladies and gentlemen."

He said good ballroom dancing turns the world on its head a bit.

"Women run the world," Ray said. "But on the dance floor, the man's the leader.
The guy has to spend time figuring out how to lead the partner through these
steps. Her job is to know how to follow really well."

Social ballroom dancing looks impressive to an audience, but it's not ballet, or
rocket science.

"Everybody can do this," Ray said. "Dancing is walking to the beat of the
music."

And once you get it right, it's "exhilarating." "You only have to take four
steps and a huge smile opens on the lady's face," he said. "That gives the guy
confidence. Then you don't just hear the music, and you feel it."

Flamini said she got her husband to take her to Stardust as a birthday present.

"My husband said to me, 'What do you really want for your birthday?' I said, 'I
want to learn when we go to (events), I don't want to sit all night. I want to
dance.'

"We started with swing classes, both very excited, and it went from there."

They were raising teenagers when they started.

"(Stardust classes were) an hour every week where we didn't talk about children,
or finances or worries," Flamini said. "We just did this thing. It was active,
fun and just the two of us. You've heard of date night. This is how we did
that."

JENNIE GEISLER can be reached at 870-1885 or by e-mail. Visit her food blog at
GoErieblogs.com. Follow her on Twitter at twitter.com/ETNgeisler.

Erie ballroom dance clubs

Club 50

Partners learn ballroom dance steps elsewhere and join the club. $70 per couple
for a yearlong membership, includes seven dances held first Fridays, October
through May, 8 to 10 p.m., at Luther Memorial Academy, 220 W. 11th St. For more
information, call Eric Hedlund at 898-1233.

USADance

Local chapter of national organization; www.usadance.org. Monthly dances take
place at Villa Maria Campus gym, behind the Regional Cancer Center, the last
Saturday of the month. Lessons start at 7 p.m., and dances follow, 8 to 11 p.m.
The next dance, because of Easter, is April 2, with a lesson in nightclub two
step included beginning at 7 p.m., and then April 30, a potluck dinner dance.
For more information, call Jim Kosco at 449-7886.

Stardust Dance Club

Every Monday evening, members can take lessons from professionals at ReaLife
Assembly, 3902 W. 38th St. Beginners start at 7 p.m., and intermediates start at
8 p.m. On dance night, doors open at 6:30 p.m. A one-hour fun dance class starts
at 7 p.m., and formal dance follows, 8 to 11 p.m. Memberships cost $10 a year,
and dances are $12. For more information, call 833-8286.

Basics

Ballroom dance requires two people, traditionally one male and one female, in
which the male knows how to lead and female knows how to follow.

Types of ballroom dances

Fox trot

Tango

Rumba

Swing

Cha-Cha

Waltz

Quickstep

If You Go

- What: Stardust Dance Club Showcase, during which members and instructors have
practiced routines in couples and groups to perform for an audience. It's the
first they've done since 2012.

- When: May 21, 6 p.m.

- Where: ReaLife Assembly, 3902 W. 38th St.

- How much: $5 covers admission and light snacks

- What you should know: The showcase will be followed by a social ballroom dance
at 8 p.m. Attendance at the dance is $10 for Stardust members, $12 for
nonmembers, and free for first-time attendees. Nonsmoking and nondrinking event.

- For more information: Call 833-8286.

___ (c)2016 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160313-EI-Erie-ballroom-dance-clubs-sway-the-nights-away-0313-20160313

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2016 Erie Times-News


                              237 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

Bullock: Harry Reid tried to sway Senate appointment

BYLINE: Charles S. Johnson |, The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 311 words


Feb. 14--HELENA--Gov. Steve Bullock said Friday he told U.S. Senate Majority
Harry Reid to butt out when Reid tried to offer his opinion on the governor's
future appointment of a new U.S. senator to replace Sen. Max Baucus.

Bullock told reporters Friday that he received a call from Reid in December
before it became public that President Barack Obama would be appointing Sen. Max
Baucus as the U.S. ambassador to China. By law, the Montana governor fills any
Senate vacancies by appointing a replacement.

"He wanted to weigh in on who I should choose and this was before it was even
public," Bullock said. "And I said it was none of your damn business."

Bullock was asked if Reid had suggested a name for him to appoint.

The governor told reporters to contact Reid to get his side of the conversation.

In response to another question asking him about the call from Reid, Bullock
recounted his end of the conversation:

"I said, 'You know what. Stay out of my decision-making. This is a decision I
make and no one else. This is one of those decisions that voters have entrusted
me with.' "

The State Bureau placed a call to Reid's press office and was awaiting a reply.

Bullock on Feb. 7 appointed Lt. Gov. John Walsh as Baucus' replacement. Walsh
already was running for the open Senate seat, and Bullock had endorsed him.

In April, Baucus had surprised the political world by announcing he would not
seek a seventh term in the U.S. Senate.

Republicans have alleged the Baucus' appointment as ambassador to China and
Walsh's appointment as senator was part of a "backroom deal" orchestrated by the
White House, Reid and Bullock.

"If there was a backroom deal, I certainly was never invited to that back room,"
Bullock said Friday.

___ (c)2014 The Montana Standard (Butte, Mont.) Visit The Montana Standard
(Butte, Mont.) at www.mtstandard.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140214-BU-Bullock-Harry-Reid-tried-to-sway
-Senate-appointment-0214-20140214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2014 The Montana Standard


                              238 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              May 10, 2009 Sunday
                                  City Edition

FORT WORTH AREA DISTRICT WANTS STATE TO BE REQUIRED TO LIFT BAN ON SALE OF H2O ;

Conflict flows from water use;
TEXAS;
WATTS WORKS AS A LOBBYIST FOR LONE STAR GROUP SUING OKLAHOMA

BYLINE: CHRIS CASTEEL, Washington Bureau <br> ccasteel@opubco.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 521 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - Former Oklahoma Rep. J.C. Watts, who is contemplating a race for
governor next year, is a lobbyist for the north Texas water district that is
suing Oklahoma state officials for the right to purchase water.

Watts and other members of his Washington-based company have been registered
lobbyists since the fall 2007 for the Tarrant Regional Water District, which
supplies water to more than 1.7 million people in Fort Worth, Arlington and
other cities in north central Texas.

The water district, which sought unsuccessfully to buy water from the state to
meet its growing needs, filed a federal suit in 2007 claiming Oklahoma's
moratorium on out-of-state water sales violates interstate commerce laws.

That moratorium ends this year, a month before the federal suit is scheduled to
go to trial in Oklahoma City.

Swaying leaders

Officials with the water district and its Oklahoma-based lobbyists and public
relations representatives have been trying recently to sway state legislators to
clear the way for out-of-state water sales, while also trying to sway public
opinion to favor them.

Watts, a Republican who is expected to announce his decision about running for
governor before the end of the month, was at the state Capitol last week talking
to key legislators; he told reporters he was looking at budget numbers. Watts
was not available to talk about his work for the water district late last week.

The water district - which, according to filings in the U.S. Senate, has paid
Watts' firm $180,000 since early 2008 - had lobbyists in Washington before
hiring Watts' firm.

Chad Lorance, communications manager for the water district, said Watts' firm
"has provided us with guidance in D.C. and has also helped us understand the
dynamics of water resource issues in Oklahoma."

Watts has been out of Congress since early 2003, when he began public relations
and consulting companies in Washington.

In the past few years, he has been a registered lobbyist for  NASCAR and the
American Civil Liberties Union. How his business activities might bear on a race
for governor - should he decide to run - remains to be seen.

The dispute over out-of-state water sales could be resolved by the time the next
Oklahoma governor is inaugurated in January 2011. Oklahoma Attorney General Drew
Edmondson, a Democrat who is considering running for governor, has been
defending the state in the suit brought by the Texas water district.

Federal focus

Steve Pruitt, a partner in Watts Partners, said the lobbying team for the water
district works only on federal issues and is not involved in any way with the
lawsuit or efforts to repeal or modify the moratorium.

Pruitt said he has focused primarily on getting congressional approval and
funding for a water district project involving the Trinity River.

Filings by Watts' firm say it represents the water district on state regulatory
issues and federal project authorization. But Pruitt said the regulatory issues
don't include the water sale dispute.

"We're not a law firm; we're a public relations firm," Pruitt said. "We try to
stay as far away from the legal stuff as we can get."

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: J.C. Watts
The former representative and current lobbyist has been considering a bid for
governor.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              May 10, 2009 Sunday
                                  City Edition

FORT WORTH AREA DISTRICT WANTS STATE TO BE REQUIRED TO LIFT BAN ON SALE OF H2O ;

Conflict flows from water use;
TEXAS;
WATTS WORKS AS A LOBBYIST FOR LONE STAR GROUP SUING OKLAHOMA

BYLINE: CHRIS CASTEEL, Washington Bureau <br> ccasteel@opubco.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 521 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - Former Oklahoma Rep. J.C. Watts, who is contemplating a race for
governor next year, is a lobbyist for the north Texas water district that is
suing Oklahoma state officials for the right to purchase water.

Watts and other members of his Washington-based company have been registered
lobbyists since the fall 2007 for the Tarrant Regional Water District, which
supplies water to more than 1.7 million people in Fort Worth, Arlington and
other cities in north central Texas.

The water district, which sought unsuccessfully to buy water from the state to
meet its growing needs, filed a federal suit in 2007 claiming Oklahoma's
moratorium on out-of-state water sales violates interstate commerce laws.

That moratorium ends this year, a month before the federal suit is scheduled to
go to trial in Oklahoma City.

Swaying leaders

Officials with the water district and its Oklahoma-based lobbyists and public
relations representatives have been trying recently to sway state legislators to
clear the way for out-of-state water sales, while also trying to sway public
opinion to favor them.

Watts, a Republican who is expected to announce his decision about running for
governor before the end of the month, was at the state Capitol last week talking
to key legislators; he told reporters he was looking at budget numbers. Watts
was not available to talk about his work for the water district late last week.

The water district - which, according to filings in the U.S. Senate, has paid
Watts' firm $180,000 since early 2008 - had lobbyists in Washington before
hiring Watts' firm.

Chad Lorance, communications manager for the water district, said Watts' firm
"has provided us with guidance in D.C. and has also helped us understand the
dynamics of water resource issues in Oklahoma."

Watts has been out of Congress since early 2003, when he began public relations
and consulting companies in Washington.

In the past few years, he has been a registered lobbyist for  NASCAR and the
American Civil Liberties Union. How his business activities might bear on a race
for governor - should he decide to run - remains to be seen.

The dispute over out-of-state water sales could be resolved by the time the next
Oklahoma governor is inaugurated in January 2011. Oklahoma Attorney General Drew
Edmondson, a Democrat who is considering running for governor, has been
defending the state in the suit brought by the Texas water district.

Federal focus

Steve Pruitt, a partner in Watts Partners, said the lobbying team for the water
district works only on federal issues and is not involved in any way with the
lawsuit or efforts to repeal or modify the moratorium.

Pruitt said he has focused primarily on getting congressional approval and
funding for a water district project involving the Trinity River.

Filings by Watts' firm say it represents the water district on state regulatory
issues and federal project authorization. But Pruitt said the regulatory issues
don't include the water sale dispute.

"We're not a law firm; we're a public relations firm," Pruitt said. "We try to
stay as far away from the legal stuff as we can get."

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: J.C. Watts
The former representative and current lobbyist has been considering a bid for
governor.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           October 11, 2006 Wednesday

City says Eagles fans overstated ramp's sway

BYLINE: Mitch Lipka, Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 625 words


Complaints from Eagles fans that an exit ramp was swaying wildly after Sunday's
game prompted a spate of inspections and the pronouncement yesterday by the head
of city inspectors that many depictions of the movement were "totally
exaggerated."

"The ramp itself is designed to not be rigid," said Robert D. Solvibile Sr.,
commissioner of the Department of Licenses & Inspections. "Did it sway four to
five feet? Absolutely not."

He said he had dispatched a structural engineer with the manager and chief
inspector for structural inspections, who were joined by engineers from the
Controller's Office. The inspectors checked all the ramps, not just the
northeast ramp that drew complaints from anxious fans after the game against the
Cowboys, Solvibile said.

They saw no cracking, nor was there any damage to cast-iron drain pipes that
would have been affected had the ramp moved anywhere close to the four feet some
fans contended, Solvibile said.

A considerable number of fans posted to online message boards or called or
e-mailed media or the team with concerns about their trek down the ramp.

"This structure is safe," Solvibile said. "It did what it was intended to do,
which was to let roughly 70,000 people exit the stadium."

Still, before closing the case the city will review reports - expected by week's
end - from two structural-engineering firms the Eagles hired, Solvibile said.

A spokeswoman for the Eagles, who own the three-year-old stadium, said that the
team's experts also had checked the concrete-and-steel ramp and that it appeared
safe.

Spokeswoman Bonnie Grant said the team wanted to make sure the city got what it
needed to complete its investigation.

"At this point, we're cooperating with L&I," she said. "We want to be fully
cooperative with them."

Grant said the Eagles had received about a dozen e-mails and a dozen phone calls
about the ramp. Fans have mentioned swaying on the ramps previously, she said,
citing the team's NFC championship win over the Atlanta Falcons in January 2005.

Although some fans described a sway of four or more feet, others who said they
had been fearful put the movement closer to six inches.

One structural engineering professor said that if descriptions of four feet - or
even two feet - were accurate, the movement could point to a significant
problem.

"People going out shouldn't feel the movement," Purdue University's Mete A.
Sozen said. "Something ought to be looked at."

Still, he wondered about the accuracy of what fans said they had felt.

"If that is indeed true," Sozen said, "something went wrong."

Drexel University engineering professor Franklin Moon said the swaying probably
had been considerably more than normal, exacerbated by people adjusting the way
they walked during the shifting - as happened when pedestrians flooded the
Millennium Bridge at its opening in London in 2000 and the Brooklyn Bridge
during a blackout in 2003.

"Odds are that it's no big deal," Moon said. "There's a big difference between
perception of danger and reality of danger. People can feel unsafe, and that
doesn't mean there is a real danger."

The exaggerated perception of movement is a well-studied phenomenon, said Linda
M. Hanagan, an architectural engineering professor at Pennsylvania State
University.

"I have heard reports of things like six inches of movement when I measured less
than an eighth" of an inch, she said.

Hanagan said that fear-inducing movement in a structure was a problem with its
own name - serviceability failure - and that she expected the Eagles would work
toward finding a remedy.

"The structure is not in danger of failing, but it's failing as a structure
because it's making people uncomfortable," she said.

Contact staff writer Mitch Lipka at 215-854-5334 or mlipka@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 29, 2015 Sunday

Wage increases by big retailers to sway pay at local companies

BYLINE: Jon Chavez, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1615 words


March 29--Next month several hundred retail workers at Wal-mart, Target, TJ
Maxx, Marshalls, and HomeGoods stores in the Toledo area will get a raise.

That will lead to other area retail workers' paychecks getting bigger, experts
predict.

"It's kind of a domino effect. If one raises theirs, the other will have to,"
said Mike Veh, a work force specialist who is senior manager of special projects
for the Lucas County Department of Planning and Development.

"You always get what you pay for, and if you need somebody with better skills
and need someone who's a more dedicated worker, you're going to have to pay them
a little more," Mr. Veh said.

Wal-mart Stores Inc. set pay raises in motion last month by announcing that new
workers at U.S. Wal-mart and Sam's Wholesale Club stores would get $9 an hour in
April, and $10 an hour next February. In the past, new workers at Wal-mart
typically have received the federal minimum of $7.25 an hour or the state
minimum wage.

Just days after Wal-mart's decision, TJX Cos., the parent of T.J. Maxx,
Marshalls, and HomeGoods, said it too would bump starting wages to $9 an hour.

Then this month Target said it too would move to $9 an hour for new hires
beginning in April.

As major players in retail, the recent decisions by those three companies -- and
earlier pay rate increases by Gap Inc. and Ikea -- likely will have a major
effect on industry wages.

Experts say $9 an hour will become the new standard for retail wages, and
competitors will have to match that or face a harder time obtaining the better
workers.

Jack Hollister, president of the area's Employers' Association, said area
employers are already expressing more concern about finding and retaining better
workers.

"There's a tremendous amount of competition for good workers," Mr. Hollister
said. "The economy has come back, and there's a lot of competing going on for
the folks who are in the $9, $10, or $12-an-hour range. I've never heard so many
employers complain about having trouble finding people who can pass a drug test,
get to work on time, and such," he said.

Unemployment keeps dropping, which will make finding workers that much harder,
Mr. Hollister added. In Lucas County the estimated jobless rate was 6.2 percent
in February, down from 7.7 percent a year ago.

Mr. Hollister said he believes other employers are going to have to follow
Wal-mart and raise wages.

"I think it's inevitable that everyone goes to $9 an hour. I think it's going to
happen," he said.

With $485 billion, $72 billion, and $26 billion in annual revenues,
respectively, Wal-mart, Target, and TJX Cos. all can absorb a higher starting
wage fairly easily.

But the move affects far more than just starting wages, according to Laurence
Fink, a professor of management in the college of business and innovation at the
University of Toledo.

"The biggest impact actually is on the people just above those making the
minimum wage," Mr. Fink said. "This is going to affect a larger percentage of
the work force than people realize. The fact is, not a high percent are at the
bottom. So this will affect the people above those new employees because
[companies] will want to keep those people who have been there longer. The
companies will want to move them up the pay scale too."

That ripple effect, he said, likely will cause big headaches for small
employers, the mom-and-pop businesses or fledgling chains.

Locally those small businesses typically pay their starting workers Ohio's
minimum wage of $8.10 an hour or in Michigan, $8.15.

If they don't move to $9 an hour, "the mom-and-pops are likely to get lesser
workers or have more trouble recruiting workers," Mr. Fink said.

"They can pass raises onto the customers through price increases," he said.

But a more likely outcome is that smaller employers may have to cut their work
forces. "There will be winners and losers here," Mr. Fink said.

Margins, profits hit

Gary Fitzpatrick owns three Learning Express toy stores -- two in the Toledo
area and one Ann Arbor. He said there's no doubt the Wal-mart, Target, and TJX
raises will affect his business and others.

"It effectively raises the minimum wage from $8.10 to $9. You either pay
employees more to be competitive or you lose them, and that will affect margins
and profits," he said.

"I don't see any way around it. Once word gets around on the street that
Wal-mart pays $9 an hour people are going to want more than [the Ohio minimum
wage]," he said.

"We'll see over time what happens," but he warned that small business owners
"only have so many options. At some point, we might have to operate with less
people."

Mark Rodriguez, president of Toledo's Hickory Farms Inc., said the new $9 an
hour wage floor is going to put further pressure on some companies to select the
best employees. Mr. Rodriguez said it already is tough given the shrinking
unemployment.

"To retain talent, and manage rising wage expectations, some will follow with
wage increases or face falling farther behind in the area of customer service,
therefore putting more pressure on the need to acquire new customers," Mr.
Rodriguez said. "Others will chose to move defensively and only raise wages when
it is apparent service or business is suffering."

Mr. Veh agrees that when it comes to quality workers, "there's not as many out
there as there were a few years ago.

A few years ago an employer "had so many applications coming in that you could
pick and choose the ones you want. You can still kind of find a warm body, if
that's all you want, but the good workers are getting harder to find. I have
seen 'For Hire' signs up for a long time all over town. Some places can't fill
their jobs or keep them filled," Mr. Veh said.

Family businesses

While a $9 an hour minimum wage will be tough for smaller businesses to match,
such businesses can offer something big retailers usually do not: job
flexibility.

"Family owned businesses can provide more flexibility in their scheduling.
Smaller employers tend to be more nimble in that way. If it's a good work
environment, people will tend to stay," Mr. Veh said.

Susan Baer, director of human resources for Bennett Enterprises, which owns area
Ralphie's and Frisch's Big Boy restaurants, plus four area hotels, said her
company pays the market rate, which is Ohio's minimum wage.

But it sweetens the deal by offering full-time workers a benefits package.

"We can say that the strategy that has kept employee turnover low for Bennett
Enterprises is to pay a market rate of pay, encourage full-time employment with
solid training programs enabling our employees to enjoy a solid health plan,
participate in a 401(k) with employer matching, earn vacation time, and enroll
in short-term and long-term disability plans all while having opportunities for
rapid advancement," she said.

As a result, Bennett hasn't experienced a mass exodus of employees to national
retailers, Ms. Baer said.

Wage pressure higher

In its most recent Beige Book -- a collection of observations that suggest
developing economic trends -- the Federal Reserve noted that in several regions
of the country employers are starting to have trouble attracting and keeping
workers and have been forced to raise their wages as a result.

"In particular, service-sector firms in the New York District noted increasingly
widespread reports of wage hikes. Contacts in the Cleveland, Richmond, and
Kansas City districts noted increased wage pressure due to the difficulty in
attracting and retaining truck drivers. A staffing firm in the Chicago District
reported some companies were also willing to raise rates for unskilled workers
to reduce turnover, and contacts in the Atlanta District noted increasing
entry-level wages," according to the Beige Book, which is published about every
45 days.

Also, a recent Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey report by the U.S. Bureau
of Labor Statistics showed that employees in the retail sector are quitting at
accelerated levels.

UT's Mr. Fink, who has studied employee-compensation issues for more than 20
years, said that while the Wal-mart decision to increase wages drew a lot of
praise, the retailer's motives likely were not necessarily to benefit its work
force.

"Wal-mart is a very intelligent organization and a market leader, so this will
have an impact on other places, and there's a lot of reasons to do this," Mr.
Fink said.

"A lot of retailers want to pre-empt any federal legislation that increases the
minimum wage. This is taking a little of the gas out of this as a campaign
issue," he said.

"But we also know that with higher wages you attract better workers, have
greater worker retention and productivity," Mr. Fink said. "Everything nowadays
is about the shopping experience. If you have workers that have been around a
while and are motivated, customers are going to have a better experience."

Wal-mart has been battered for years by criticism that it treats employees
badly, Mr. Fink said. By raising wages, the company looks more benevolent and
that makes it "more acceptable" to shoppers who had been reluctant to patronize
Wal-mart, he said.

"The low-level workers really have been hard-pressed the last several years
because there's been a glut of workers. You were expendable," Mr. Fink said.

But the situation is changing, he said.

"I'm not surprised by this. You knew that the market was changing, and the
Democratic Party has moved far to the left [on wages]. This is going to be a
campaign issue and a lot of Republicans also have talked about the need to get
behind this," Mr. Fink said.

Contact Jon Chavez at: jchavez@theblade.com or 419-724-6128.

___ (c)2015 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150329-TO-Wage-increases-by-big-retailers-to-sway
-pay-at-local-companies-0329-20150329

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2015 The Blade


                              242 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

EDITORIAL: Gun-advocate votes could sway election

BYLINE: The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 653 words


Oct. 18--Economy, jobs, taxes and spending are the dominant issues for the
majority of Connecticut voters, but for a passionate minority there is no more
important issue than Second Amendment rights and whether the gun law passed in
the wake of the 2012 Newtown school shooting went too far in restricting them.

This is why the only clear anti-gun control candidate in the race for governor,
petitioning candidate Joseph Visconti, could well influence the outcome. Mr.
Visconti is not a blip on the screen, gaining 9 percent in the most recent
Quinnipiac poll. His poll performance is why this newspaper and its broadcast
partners, WNPR and CPTV, made the right decision in giving him the chance to
present his views in Thursday's debate at the Garde Arts Center in New London.
Until then, Mr. Visconti was the invisible candidate, receiving no invitation to
the prior four debates.

Mr. Visconti's appearance had the added benefit of enhancing the civility of at
least a portion of the debate.

In the debate, Mr. Visconti conceded that no governor is going to find a way to
repeal the gun law passed in 2013. Instead, he said he would try to convince the
Democratic legislature to make some changes in a law he believes to be in
violation of legitimate gun owners' constitutional rights. More precisely, he
wants to rollback the prohibition on large-capacity magazines -- which allow
extensive firing before reloading bullets -- and wants less restrictive
definition of banned assault rifles. He calls them defense rifles. This
newspaper considers them military weapons intended to kill many people quickly
and finds their prohibition -- with a grandfather clause for those who already
own them -- entirely appropriate.

In any event, Mr. Visconti proved to be a refreshing addition to the debaters'
ranks with his plainspoken, straightforward responses on gun control and other
issues.

The debate showed two candidates in the race for governor have clear positions
on the gun issue. Mr. Visconti wants to weaken the law as much as he can. But he
is unlikely to win and, if he somehow did, would be unlikely to get any such
proposals through a Democratic legislature.

Gov. Malloy, who championed the gun law -- a law we strongly support -- makes it
clear he will oppose any effort to weaken it. But he noted it was refreshing to
hear a clear position on the issue from a debate opponent.

"Even though we disagree," Gov. Malloy said to Mr. Visconti at one point, "at
least you tell us what you think. I give you credit for that."

Mr. Foley has indeed been less than clear. He says he would not have signed the
law, but won't push to repeal it, but would sign a repeal law if it reaches his
desk, but acknowledges that is almost certainly not going to happen. The
political strategy is clear. He wants the votes of those fervent gun advocates,
but does not want to come out so strong on the issue that he alienates moderates
who generally like the law.

Which leaves those Second Amendment voters with a tough decision. Do they send a
message by voting for the guy who speaks their language -- Mr. Visconti -- and
risk helping elect Gov. Malloy? Or, hoping to oust the incumbent, do they vote
for Mr. Foley, knowing he will make little, if any effort, to change the gun
law?

So while most will vote their pocketbooks Nov. 4, it could well be that those
voting their holsters will determine the outcome. That dynamic is one reason
that the Thursday debate was so fascinating.

Unfortunately, it may turn out to be the only debate appearance by the three
candidates. WVIT 30, the host of an Oct. 23 debate, has invited all three but
Mr. Foley has, up to now, declined to debate again. The station still intends to
telecast the debate between Gov. Malloy and Mr. Visconti, and for that, it
should be commended.

___ (c)2014 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141018-NL-EDITORIAL-Gun-advocate-votes-could-sway-election-20141018

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2014 The Day


                              243 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Glendale News-Press (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday

Comfort women statue opponents sway Buena Park

BYLINE: Brittany Levine, Glendale News-Press, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 778 words


July 27--A memorial in Glendale to sex slaves who served the Japanese army
during World War II has aggravated an overseas opposition group that has now
turned its attention to a similar proposal in Buena Park.

Members of the opposition group -- which contends the so-called "comfort women"
from Korea, China, Indonesia and other occupied countries during the war
willingly worked as prostitutes -- use form emails to pummel their targets.

It's a strategy that was deployed against Glendale just as it was preparing to
receive its comfort-women memorial, an 1,100-pound statue of a woman in Korean
dress sitting next to an empty chair. But by then, it was too late. The city had
already set aside a plot of land for the monument and the $30,000 statue was
already en route from South Korea.

This time, however, the emails hit Buena Park, an Orange County city less than
half the size of Glendale, earlier in the review process.

And this time, the strategy appears to be working.

City Councilman Fred Smith said from the dais Tuesday that he was confused by
the onslaught of emails denying the sex slavery record and opposing the
memorial.

Three out of five Buena Park council members at the meeting said they were
against the proposed memorial, expressing concern about bringing in a
controversial statue that had no clear connection to the city.

But according to the U.S. Census Bureau, 10% of Buena Park's 82,000 people are
of Korean descent, compared to just 5% of Glendale, which has a population of
192,000.

"It's tough to take political heat, but there's no doubt in my mind that
Glendale did the right thing," said Glendale Councilman Ara Najarian. "I
encourage Buena Park and other cities to be brave."

But Buena Park Councilman Steve Berry said by phone Thursday that he feared the
statue could become a target for vandalism.

"We don't want to put up a statue that people would come and shoot at," he said.

When Glendale unveils its statue during a ceremony on Tuesday, it will become
the first city on the West Coast to install such a public memorial. It comes in
the wake of a Japanese delegation last year requesting that a monument to
comfort women in New Jersey be removed. That, in turn, mobilized Korean-American
groups to erect more memorials across the country.

Glendale Councilman Zareh Sinanyan said the monument is a symbol of the city's
support of local Koreans. But that correlation wasn't enough to convince the
majority of Buena Park council members.

For Miller Oh, a Korean-American councilman in Buena Park who introduced the
comfort-women memorial for discussion, the symbolism of justice and peace should
be enough to get the greenlight, no matter the number of Koreans in the city.

Soon Hyung Hong, a steering committee member of the Korean American Forum of
California, which helped raise money for the Glendale statue, said his group is
confident it can convince Buena Park officials once they learn more about
comfort women.

The group has already pledged to pay $36,125 for a replica.

Many comfort women were taken during World War II when they were teenagers. Some
were told they would work as nurses or maids, but instead were raped by soldiers
in a system of prostitution condoned by the Japanese military. Others were
abducted from their homes or sold into sexual slavery to pay for family debts.

In the 1990s, the Japanese government apologized, although some politicians and
citizens still deny that sexual slavery ever occurred.

Many of the emails from Japanese nationalists to Glendale and Buena Park call on
the cities to stay out of a beef between Korea and Japan.

But a July 22 letter from Jun Niimi, consul general of Japan in Los Angeles,
said the comfort-women issue "should neither be politicized, nor turned into a
diplomatic issue."

Still, Buena Park Mayor Beth Swift said by phone this week she didn't want to
get in the middle of an "international dispute."

"We're little Buena Park," she said, although she called denials that sex
slavery occurred "ridiculous."

For Korean groups trying to spread awareness about comfort women, it's important
to get other countries involved. Doing so can overcome the deniers and pressure
the Japanese government to issue a more sincere apology, they say.

"Our effort to build monuments will continue," Hong said. "Obviously, Buena Park
is not the last one."

Phony music exec who lured sexual assault victim via Craigslist gets prison

International students flock to GCC

Film Review: An immortal comes out of retirement in 'The Wolverine'

___ (c)2013 the Glendale News-Press (Glendale, Calif.) Visit the Glendale
News-Press (Glendale, Calif.) at www.glendalenewspress.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130727-1GL-Comfort-women-statue-opponents-sway
-Buena-Park-0727-20130727

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1GL


                       Copyright 2013 Glendale News-Press


                              244 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 3, 2011 Monday

Cumberland County board seeks to sway Gray's Creek voters on water bond issue

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 267 words


Oct. 03--Seeking to make a $21 million bond referendum more palatable, the
Cumberland County commissioners tweaked an ordinance this morning to save
potential Gray's Creek water customers some money.

Voters in Gray's Creek will vote Nov. 8 on a measure to fund a water and sewer
system in their district. Many are wary of the costs involved and the potential
of attracting development to the rural area

This morning, the Board of Commissioners adjusted the water use ordinance that
would govern the system. The change would allow county plumbing inspectors to
certify that any private wells maintained by customers tapping into the system
are kept entirely separate from the county system. The separation is required by
the Fayetteville Public Works Commission, which would supply the county water.

The original ordinance required customers to hire a plumber to certify
separation of their systems.

Residents who attended a community meeting on the water system asked for change.

"The Cumberland County plumbing inspectors are fully capable of making that
certification during their inspection, which would be required anyway," County
Manager James Martin said.

The county is holding two more community meetings about the referendum before it
goes to the voters. The next meeting is Oct. 13 at Gray's Creek Fire Department
No. 18, at 7010 Fire Department Road. The other is Oct. 27 at Gray's Creek
Elementary School at 2964 School Road.

___ (c)2011 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111003-FY-Cumberland-County-board-seeks-to-sway
-Gray-s-Creek-voters-on-water-bond-issue-1003-20111003

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2011 The Fayetteville Observer


                              245 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 13, 2011 Wednesday

Fayetteville, Fort Bragg could lose sway under proposed North Carolina House
districts

BYLINE: Paul Woolverton, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 623 words


July 13--Proposed new state House districts would reduce the Fayetteville-Fort
Bragg community's power at the state legislature and would force Democratic
allies Diane Parfitt and Rick Glazier to run against each other if they both
want to stay in office.

Cumberland County, previously served by five House members, would be reduced to
four under the new district.

Nearly 49,000 southern Cumberland County residents, including some in Hope Mills
and the southwest corner of Fayetteville, would lose Rep. William Brisson of
Bladen County. According to data at the General Assembly's website, that's more
than half of his constituents.

Many of those 49,000 people, plus others who live in the northeast part of the
county and people who live on Fort Bragg, would end up in a new House 45th
District that has no incumbent.

Glazier is in his fifth term and is the Democratic Party's House whip.

Parfitt is a freshman who was appointed to a partial term in 2010 and was
elected to continue in November. She is the chairwoman of the freshman House
Democrats.

Glazier was out of town Tuesday and could not be reached for comment.

Parfitt said she wasn't surprised that the Republican-controlled legislature
double-bunked her with Glazier in the House 44th District.

"If you look at what they're doing to women throughout the state, they seem to
have singled out some women to get rid of them," Parfitt said.

She thinks the Republicans are targeting Democrats and, in particular,
Democratic women.

"I think Republican women toe the line" so they wouldn't be targeted, Parfitt
said.

Parfitt said it's too early to decide whether she would run against Glazier in a
Democratic primary.

"Our anticipation is it's going to go to court," she said. "It's apparent that
there's an incredible amount of gerrymandering."

The Republican redistricting committee chairmen, Rep. David Lewis and Sen. Bob
Rucho, said in a statement that their maps were designed to comply with federal
Voting Rights Act requirements for minority voters and with state regulations
and court rulings.

Twenty-three of the 120 districts have a majority of people of voting age who
are black, their statement says, and two have more than 40 percent.

District maps are adjusted every 10 years to account for population shifts.

North Carolina's large urban areas have grown faster than Cumberland County and
rural areas, so lawmaker districts are being added to the larger cities at the
expense of the smaller communities.

Elsewhere in Cumberland County, Rep. Elmer Floyd of Fayetteville and Rep. Marvin
Lucas of Spring Lake, both Democrats, appear to be secure in the House 43rd and
42nd districts. Both districts are intended to comply with the Voting Rights
Act.

In another significant change in the the Cape Fear region, Democrat Dewey Hill
of Columbus County was double-bunked with first-term Republican legislator G.L.
Pridgen in the 46th District.

Hill is one of five conservative Democrats who recently helped the Republican
House majority override the veto of Democratic Gov. Bev Perdue on the $19.7
billion state budget.

Meanwhile, Democrat Brisson in Bladen County, who helped the Republicans
override the governor, has mostly new territory in the newly defined 22nd
District. It now runs north through Sampson County into southern Johnston
County.

Staff writer Paul Woolverton can be reached at woolvertonp@fayobserver.com or
(910) 486-3512.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110713-FY-Fayetteville-Fort-Bragg-could-lose-sway
-under-proposed-North-Carolina-House-districts-0713-20110713

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2011 The Fayetteville Observer


                              246 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 17, 2010 Wednesday

City's assurances don't sway Scotland Road project's opponents

BYLINE: Claire Bessette, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 302 words


Nov. 17--NORWICH -- City engineers and a project surveyor Tuesday tried to
assure neighbors of a proposed 16-lot subdivision on Scotland and Hansen roads
that tree-cutting and rock removal would occur only on city property. But it
didn't work.

Neighbors continued to protest that the work would involve an eminent-domain
taking of the property.

The commission postponed action on the plan until its Dec. 21 meeting.

The project calls for 16 residential lots on 59 acres of the former Wilcox
sawmill and farm, with a T-shaped new road network reaching the homes in the
2-acre residential zone. To improve sight lines coming out of the proposed
entrance road, developer Norwichtown Development LLC proposed cutting five trees
and removing two rock outcrops that obstruct views along Hansen Road.

Neighbors at first worried that the work would encroach on their properties. But
city officials received a certified survey of the area to show that the cutting
and rock removal would be within the city-owned right-of-way in front of the
affected properties.

Hansen Road resident Barbara Doherty submitted a letter to the commission
Tuesday saying the plan still amounted to eminent domain.

"If the commission approves this subdivision, the commission has effectively
granted to this private for-profit developer the benefit of a city-owned right
of way so that he can proceed with his enterprise," Doherty wrote. "Without the
city's permission to go on its right of way, the developer's plan fails."

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101117-NL-City-s-assurances-don-t-sway
-Scotland-Road-project-s-opponents-1117-20101117

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2010 The Day


                              247 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                            June 13, 2012 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended

Tea Party Tries to Sway GOP Platform

BYLINE: Janie Lorber

LENGTH: 574 words



James Bopp Jr., a prominent conservative lawyer and high-ranking Republican
national committeeman, is helping tea partyers influence the official GOP 2012
platform.

Bopp, a former vice chairman of the RNC, is among those tasked with writing the
platform and is using his expertise to advise FreedomWorks, a well-financed
conservative advocacy organization that has taken on the tea party mantle.

The relationship is yet another example of how tea party activists have become
increasingly intertwined with the Republican establishment they once criticized.

Bopp lost his RNC seat Friday, the result of apparent backlash for working to
oust six-term GOP Sen. Dick Lugar in Indiana's primary last month. Still, Bopp's
term doesn't end until the day after the party's convention, on Sept. 1, giving
him one more chance to sway the GOP line from within.

His six years on the committee have been marked by efforts to swing the party
agenda further to the right. In 2009, he proposed a 10-point Republican purity
test that would grant financial support only to candidates who support eight of
10 core principles, including opposing same-sex marriage, amnesty for illegal
immigrants and federal funding of abortion.

The constitutional lawyer has also helped press some of the most influential
campaign finance cases in recent years, including Citizens United v. Federal
Election Commission, a 2010 decision that allows FreedomWorks' new super PAC to
collect unlimited sums from corporations.

So it is perhaps no surprise he showed up at FreedomWorks' policy and political
boot camp Sunday to give some 125 activists insight on how to shape the party's
platform, which will be officially blessed at the Republican convention in
Tampa.

"We're doing everything we can do to get everybody on board with the RNC and our
candidate," Bopp said.

A spokeswoman for the RNC said Bopp is not an official liaison to FreedomWorks
or any other tea party group. But Bopp said RNC Chairman Reince Priebus gave him
permission to advise the group, which is led by former House Majority Leader
Dick Armey (R-Texas).

"I think this just reinforces that the RNC is looking for a way to reach out to
the tea party," said Russ Walker, vice president of political and grass-roots
campaigns at FreedomWorks. "The tea party has become the Republican Party. We
are at the ranks of a lot of these central committees, and I think this is the
natural progression of restoring small government principles in the Republican
Party."

FreedomWorks plans to crowdsource ideas for its platform online and in a series
of town hall meetings this summer, much like the group did with its "Tea Party
Debt Commission," a foil to the Congressional Joint Committee on Deficit
Reduction, and its 2010 "Contract From America," which called for a reduction in
taxes, a balanced budget and reduced federal spending.

In the weeks before the convention, the group will lobby RNC members to include
its ideas. The committee will release the first draft of the official platform
one week before the convention, opening it up to amendments from subcommittees
before final approval. Outside groups can offer their own proposals at any point
in that process, but with thousands of interests vying for attention, only those
with connections are likely to get a second look.

FreedomWorks pledges to fight elements in the platform draft that don't jibe
with tea party interests. The group will not comment on social issues.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 14, 2012



CORRECTION: The June 13 article "Tea Party Tries to Sway GOP Platform" gave an
incorrect title for James Bopp Jr. He is the vice chairman of the Republican
National Committee.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 Roll Call, Inc.


                              248 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                        Suspension Restoration Parts Co.

                             319 B Motor City Court
                               Modesto,  CA 95356
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (209) 578-5101
FAX: (209) 578-0562
URL: www.suspension.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We have sold Energy Suspension products since about 1979, longer than anyone
else. In fact, the first part numbers that Energy Suspension developed, were
sway bar bushings for sway bars that our former company(Stam-bar Stabilizers)
used to make. They started adding graphite to the black sway bar bushings
because we complained about bushings that squeaked. We sell the sets that Energy
Suspension makes, plus we can sell any individual part number in bulk. We stock
every Performance part number that Energy Suspension manufactures, and can
normally ship your parts the same day. It is normal for Energy Suspension to
take 3-4 weeks to ship orders to us, that is another reason for us to always
have every part number in stock.  We noticed several years ago that there was
not a company that stocked all of the available polyurethane suspension
bushings. So we built our inventory to be able to handle any order you the
customer could ask for. It is typical for us to have at least a quanity of 4
sets of every part number. Some part numbers we have 100 or more in stock. Plus,
we offer these bushings at a discount. We have drawn the line so far, at
stocking mostly black graphite-impregnated bushings, although we do have
bumpstops, tie-rod end boots and ball joint boots in red. Of course, we will be
glad to order any bushing in the color red.  If there is a new polyurethane
suspension bushing available, we will probably have it first. It is common for
Energy Suspension to announce new part n

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              249 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

California Latinos set to wield greater sway at ballot box

BYLINE: Martin Espinoza, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 984 words


Oct. 19--Maria Ramirez had no intention of ever becoming a U.S. citizen -- her
extended family was still in Mexico and she felt comfortable and satisfied with
her status as a legal permanent resident.

Then last summer, Donald J. Trump announced his bid for the presidency,
promising to make America great again by, among other things, building a wall
along the nation's southern border to keep out Mexican immigrants, which he
famously described as rapists, drug mules and other criminals.

It was the beginning of a frustrating six-month period that ended on Jan. 6,
when 56-year-old Santa Rosa grandmother submitted her application for
citizenship.

"I told myself I have to do something, one way or another," Ramirez said,
speaking in Spanish.

She is among tens of thousands of California Latinos who have registered to vote
for the first time, many of them motivated by a national political discourse
they say is demonizing them and their families.

During the primary election last June, Latinos in California voted in record
numbers, comprising 20 percent of the electorate, said Paul Mitchell, vice
president of Political Data Inc., a statewide nonpartisan firm that provides
voter information to political campaigns.

Mitchell, considered one of California's preeminent election data experts, said
Latinos are getting close to making up one in four voters in the state. While
they make up 39 percent of California's overall population, the state's Latinos,
Mitchell noted, constitute a much younger demographic than other ethnic groups,
and younger people tend to have lower voter participation.

Newly registered Latinos represent 31 percent of the state's newly registered
voters, meaning that Latinos are signing up to vote at a rate that is higher
than their share of registered voters.

Mitchell said his firm tabulates the number of ethnic voter registrations using
three factors: ethnic surnames derived from databases kept by the U.S. Census
Bureau; the birthplace of voters; and the language of the ballots that voters
request.

The Sonoma County does not track voter registration by race or ethnicity, but
overall voter registration is up, said Sonoma County elections manager Deena
Thompson-Stalder. As of Oct. 14, the total number of registered voters was
266,313.

"This is a pretty historic election," said Thompson-Stalder.

Oct. 24 is the deadline to register to vote in the Nov. 8 general election. On
Tuesday, county elections officials issued a reminder about that looming
deadline and other important guidelines. Only U.S. citizens are eligible to
vote. Citizens who are in prison or on parole for a felony conviction cannot
vote.

Voters who have moved or who have changed their names should re-register by the
deadline, officials said. California has online registration at
www.registertovote.ca.gov. Postage-paid registration forms are available at city
halls and post offices.

Mike Madrid, a GOP pollster based in Sacramento, said Mitchell's data clearly
describes a surge in voter registration. Part of that, he said, is greater voter
interest in the current election, but another reason could be demographics, as
the state's Latino population hits the "tipping point."

"The vast majority of people turning 18 are Latinos," Madrid said. "Part of this
is just natural demographic trends, and I would argue that's the most
significant. But clearly the national political discourse has created an
imperative in the Latino community to vote."

The numbers are staggering, compared to the two previous elections.

According to data compiled by Mitchell's firm, between January and Oct. 1 of
this year, there were more than 1.1 million newly registered Latinos in
California, a figure that includes those who have registered for the first time
and those who re-registered because of a change of address or some other reason.

That's more than three times the registration activity during the 2014 mid-term
election, when there were 305,672 newly registered Latinos between January and
October. It's more than twice the registration flurry among California Latinos
in last presidential election in 2012.

Since January, the state has seen a total of 4.1 million newly registered
voters, Mitchell said.

Like Ramirez, Ramon Meraz, 47, is concerned about the nation's political climate
as it relates to Latinos and Latino immigrants, but he said he is also concerned
about local issues, including wages for low-paid workers, regulation of food
truck businesses and building more affordable housing while protecting the
environment.

Meraz, who was born in Mexico, came to the United States as a teen in 1985 and
just barely qualified for President Reagan's landmark 1986 amnesty law, which
granted more than 3 million illegal immigrants a path to legal residency. Meraz
became a citizen in 2000 and voted for Al Gore, the Democratic nominee, in his
first presidential election. He now serves on the Sonoma County Human Rights
Commission, appointed by 5th District Supervisor Efren Carrillo.

"It's a scary moment in history for any minority and for immigrants," said
Meraz. "The movement that is pushing Trump forward is turning all minorities
into the boogie man for many communities, mostly white, but many communities."

Meraz said he hopes his vote can help curb what he sees as a dangerous movement
for the United States. But he said it's going to take much more than one
election cycle.

"There's a lot of work to be done," he said. "And it's going to be done by
people who are in the fields of not just politics but also educators; everyone
has a part, and places like Sonoma County can really be a model for the rest of
the country."

You can reach Staff Writer Martin Espinoza at 707-521-5213 or
martin.espinoza@pressdemocrat.com On Twitter @renofish.

___ (c)2016 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161019-UR-California-Latinos-set-to-wield-greater-sway
-at-ballot-box-1019-20161019

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2016 The Press Democrat


                              250 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            March 12, 2011 Saturday

UNL prof feels quake in Tokyo;

BYLINE: PETER SALTER

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 317 words


MORE ON JAPAN INSIDE AND ONLINE

· Five nuclear reactors in states of emergency/A3

· ALincoln family had to head for higher ground in Hawaii/3

· /Disaster shows readiness only goes so farA3

· blowQuake, tsunami a to fragile Japan economy /A6 @

JOURNALSTAR.COM Video of UNL professor at Tokyo Tower during earthquake.

· More photos of the Japan earthquake's aftermath.

· Carlos Asarta was inside the 1,000-foot Tokyo Tower when the quake hit. He
thought it was the wind, at first. It reminded him of how the Eiffel

Tower can sway. "But then it became pretty violent and it lasted about two or
three minutes." In video he shot from the Tokyo Tower's observation deck,

ceiling-mounted monitors swing and shake. Light fixtures sway. People scream and
find the floor. Then the University of Nebraska-Lincoln

economics professor turns the camera on himself. "That was an earthquake," he
says. "Oh, my God." He turns the camera to his Japanese companion. "Maybe we go
down, huh? Maybe we don't stay here." The elevators were out of service, so
Asarta and others filed down the stairs. He heard screaming and yelling, he said
in an e-mail, but he was surprised by how well most of the evacuees were
handling the quake. Once outside, Asarta felt the ground shake when a second
quake hit - and he discovered all public transportation was shut down. So
Asarta, in Japan to give lectures on economics education, walked three hours
back to Waseda University.

"It was pretty chaotic and you could tell from looking at the faces of people
here that this was not the type of earthquake they are used to seeing," he
wrote. He recorded his reaction to the quake in another video. "I'm pretty lucky
to be just fine," he says. "I know other people were not as lucky." Japanese
news sources have since reported the earthquake bent the tip of a TV antenna
atop the Tokyo Tower.

Reach Peter Salter at 402-473-7254 or psalter@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 20, 2010 Monday

Duluth doctor denies payments from drug companies sway decisions

BYLINE: Brandon Stahl, Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 923 words


Dec. 20--A Duluth psychiatrist has received more than $525,000 since 2002 in
payments from pharmaceutical companies, far more than any other Northland
doctor, an analysis by the News Tribune shows.

Dr. Tracy Tomac of St. Luke's hospital was paid by the companies to give
presentations on health and drug issues. She is also a member of the Minnesota
Board of Medical Practice, appointed by Gov. Tim Pawlenty in 2009 to the state
agency responsible for investigating and disciplining doctors for wrongdoing.

So far this year, Tomac has received about $40,000 from Eli Lilly and Co., the
manufacturer of the neurological drugs Cymbalta and Prozac. In 2009, she
accepted about $68,000 in pharmaceutical payments, most of that from Lilly. In
2008, she received more than $110,000 from Lilly and in 2007 about $104,000 from
the company.

While it isn't illegal for physicians in private practice or working for
hospitals to accept money from pharmaceutical companies, some doctors and allied
professionals say it has the appearance of a conflict of interest and can
influence decision-making.

"Doctors who receive drug company payouts tend to take more pro-company
positions on controversial drug issues," said Dr. Steven Miles, a bioethicist
with the University of Minnesota. "They tend to overstate the benefits of a drug
and understate the negative effects."

"There is evidence that shows it affects their prescribing habits, and there
have been some instances where the payments can amounts to kickbacks from the
companies for the prescriptions," Miles said.

Tomac was one of only two doctors on the Minnesota Board of Medical Practice to
receive pharmaceutical company payments in 2009. The other, Dr. Alfred Anderson,
received $250 from Meda Pharmaceuticals.

Robert Leach, the board's executive director, said the board would not comment
on the payments. Tomac also declined to speak to the News Tribune about them,
but she said through St. Luke's spokeswoman Mary Green that comments she made to
the News Tribune in 2007 would be the same for this article.

"An educator and resource"

The News Tribune first reported in 2007 that Tomac's payments from drug-makers
were among the highest of any Duluth physician. At the time, the payments were
described as largely for educational purposes, such as to give lectures to
nursing staffs on mental health issues.

In 2007, Tomac said her presentations included content that was screened and
approved by the FDA, providing "straightforward, scientific presentation of
data." She said payments never influence her decisions about patients and that
she speaks about the best available drugs for a particular disease, not just the
one made by a specific pharmaceutical company.

"I'm there as an educator and resource," she said. "I'm not in business to do a
sales pitch. I'm not a salesperson."

Lilly's website describes its payments to Tomac and other physician speakers as
opportunities to discuss "advances in disease research, diagnosis and
epidemiology." In 2009, Tomac participated in 49 total activities for Eli Lilly,
according to the company's website.

A spokesman for Eli Lilly did not specifically address the payments to Tomac,
but said the educational programs are to provide information about a disease
state or clinical information about a particular medicine, often given to other
health-care providers.

"Few products in the world are as complex as an innovative medicine, and many
health-care providers prefer to learn about treatment options from their peers
and professional colleagues," Eli Lilly spokesman J. Scott McGregor said.

"Conflict of interest"?

When Tomac was appointed to the board, Brian McClung, Gov. Pawlenty's spokesman
at the time, told the St. Paul Pioneer Press that Tomac disclosed her speaking
and consulting fees and "agreed to take steps to avoid any conflict of
interest."

McClung said then that board members are discouraged from receiving fees from
drug companies.

Bruce Gordon, Pawlenty's current spokesman, said last week the statements made
by McClung "reflect our current knowledge and sentiments regarding this
situation."

The amount of money paid by pharmaceutical companies to local physicians has
gone down slightly. In 2004, Northland doctors received about $155,000 in total.
In 2009, that amount was just over $139,000. Miles of the University of
Minnesota suggested that the decrease is because of increased transparency by
the drug companies, many of which are starting to publicly disclose how much
they pay doctors.

The state of Minnesota has required the companies to disclose the amounts
they've paid to state doctors since the late 1990s. Some hospitals restrict the
types of work their physicians can do for drug companies, while "outright bans
are increasingly becoming more common," Miles said.

At Essentia Health, direct payments to doctors from drug companies are
prohibited, said Dr. Thomas Patnoe, the president and chief medical officer of
Essentia's east region. Patnoe said some studies show the drug company payments
can influence a physician's decision-making.

"We don't want our physicians being influenced," Patnoe said. "We want them to
speak to the unbiased medical evidence, whatever that is."

To see more of the Duluth News Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.duluthnewstribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Duluth News Tribune,
Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101220-DU-Duluth-doctor-denies-payments-from-drug-companies-sway
-decisions-1220-20101220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2010 Duluth News-Tribune


                              252 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           August 16, 2006 Wednesday

Still dancing after 75 years

BYLINE: LESLIE HUNT; Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 785  words


Holding on to the handle of their refrigerator door, Charles and Elsie Dehne
slowly sway to big band music. Age and 75 years together have not diminished the
passion they share for each other and for dancing.

Although Elsie, 93, has had two hip replacements and Charles, 94, has a
pacemaker, they've managed to adapt their quick dance moves from the big band
era into more of a "swaying" together.

"He has to hold on to something, so we stand next to the refrigerator and listen
to big band," Mrs. Dehne said. "We sway a little bit like we are dancing. We
miss it so much."

The couple celebrated their 75th anniversary on Aug. 1, marking the day in 1931
when they hopped a train to Washington, D.C. and eloped. They were just
teenagers then - Charles was 19 and Elsie 18. Back then, Mrs. Dehne said, the
law said the man had to be 21 to legally wed.

"You didn't need a witness in D.C. so you took the Baltimore Washington train to
D.C.," Mrs. Dehne said.

She recalled the journey was frightening for her, especially the cab ride when a
policeman stopped the driver. "We were sitting there scared," she said.

Elsie can't remember exactly where they were married, however she found a
Lutheran minister to perform the service.

"He looked at me and said: 'Does your mother know you are getting married
today?' We were really in love, we still are."

Still, Elsie's voice softens to a whisper as she describes her partner.

"He is a real funny guy, he has a sense of humor, he can really talk," said
Elsie. "He is slow moving, I am the opposite, I move fast," she chuckled.

Elsie's physical trials of having a hysterectomy and two breast operations stand
out in her mind as being the toughest times in their marriage, but a lifetime of
working to understand and help each other pulled her through, she said.

"It was very rough, you have to work and try to understand each other," she
said. "It took us all this time to really understand each other. You have to
think of the other one and the other one has to think of you."

The two still manage a night out at the Severna Park Elks Club, where in their
younger years, they would dance the night away on New Year's Eve.

The couple celebrate their birthdays together - Elsie's being Feb. 28 and
Charles Feb. 26 - with close to 80 celebrations under their belts.

The two met at a friend's house when Elsie was 15.

"He asked me how old I was. I said I was 16 and never been kissed," Elsie said.

His kiss started their non-stop romance.

The couple moved from the Baltimore area to Severna Park in 1967, where they
raised two children, Barbara and Ronald. Elsie is eager to talk about her five
grandchildren and three great-grandchildren, remembering when she and Charles
would take them to carnivals and fairs.

She fondly reflected on trips to Baltimore at Christmas time to look at the
lights and the decorated window displays.

"We are very close to our grandchildren and took them to a lot of places," she
said. All of the grandchildren live within driving distance. "We feel lucky to
have them so close. They give us so much pleasure."

Brenda Davis, a neighbor for 29 years, said they've always been a very sociable
couple.

"They loved to dance and still go to the Elks Club on New Years Eve," she said.
"As long as they still can take of care themselves, I think it is wonderful."

About 30 family members, close friends and neighbors of the Dehne's celebrated
their 75th Sunday at the Cafe Mezzanotte Italian Restaurant in Severna Park.

The couple chose the Veal Chesapeake - veal topped with lump crabmeat - for
their entree and enjoyed a few hours mingling with their guests and having their
picture taken.

The Dehne's son Ronald said almost all of his parent's nieces, nephews,
grandchildren and great-grandchildren were there to celebrate. Finding a card
marking a 75th anniversary could seem a daunting task, but the Dehne's
granddaughter, Donna Erb of Virginia, found one. Elsie was shocked to receive it
in the mail. "I didn't think that one existed." she said.

"My goodness, it is unbelievable," Ronald Dehne said of their marriage. "My
father always says it was two words, 'Yes, dear.' Then he would go and do what
he wanted to do," he said with a laugh.

"When we were young, we didn't have a whole lot, but they made the best of
everything for us."

A retired mechanic, Charles spent 45 years working at the Koppers Co. in
Baltimore, while Elsie worked retail for many years at the former Hoschild
Kohns, Stewarts and Hutzlers department stores.

What is the love potion that keeps a marriage going almost as long as the
average life span?

"Never go to bed angry" said Elsie, adding, "all of those kind of things really
help. We've had our ups and downs, we still love each other very much."

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 24, 2015 Friday

Blue October's Fear tour features surprising dose of optimism

BYLINE: Joe Hadsall, The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 582 words


April 24--Justin Furstenfeld is coming back to Joplin. This time, the band is
coming with him.

Blue October will bring its Fear Tour to the Roxy Event Center Sunday. Featuring
a mix of songs from the platinum selling "Foiled" and its latest album, "Sway,"
the concert will be featured as part of a Midwest leg of the tour, with stops in
Oklahoma City, Lawrence, Kansas and Sioux City, Iowa, before heading to the East
Coast.

Furstenfeld performed a solo acoustic show in September.

In "An Open Book: An Evening with Justin Furstenfeld," the singer performed
versions of the band's songs in a chronological story, detailing events behind
the songs.

He closed with an a cappella version of "Bleed Out," a song about his struggles
with addiction from his wife's point of view.

Comprised of Furstenfeld, drummer Jeremy Furstenfeld, violinist and pianist Ryan
Delahoussaye, guitarist C.B. Hudson and bassist Matt Noveskey, the band will
perform plenty of songs from "Sway," considered one of the band's most
empowering albums -- far from the tone of "Foiled" or the uber-angry "Any Man in
America."

"This album is about why life is so beautiful," Furstenfeld said in a press
release. "It's about facing fears and recognizing miracles every day. It's about
enjoying yourself and realizing that life is not something you can half-ass."

Formed in 1995 in San Marcos, Texas, between Furstenfeld, his brother Jeremy
Furstenfeld and Delahoussaye, the band found a little bit of spotlight with
"Calling You" in 2003.

With a range of influences across a variety of genres, including The Cure, The
Smiths, Marvin Gaye, Dave Brubeck, Hank Williams, NWA and Johnny Cash, the band
wrote songs covering a variety of styles, from the driving pop-rock of "Calling
You" to the aggressive "Dirt Room;" from the bouncy "Into the Ocean" to the
lifting "The Chills."

But it was a dark song that helped the band break through. "Hate Me," an open
letter to an ex-lover who bore the brunt of his battle with addiction, helped
"Foiled" reach platinum in 2006. Furstenfeld said in September that he had no
problem with such a dark song putting a bright spotlight on the band -- it was
vindicating.

"I'm really proud of the fact that that song was the one," Furstenfeld said.
"That was a time where honesty always prevailed. Look at Johnny Cash, who did
Nine Inch Nails' 'Hurt.' The way (Nine Inch Nails) did the song, there was so
much instrumentation, but Cash just singing it, you're thinking, 'Oh my god; is
he cutting himself?' It made it more honest, simple and beautiful."

Furstenfeld's struggles fueled two more albums after "Foiled," including
"Approaching Normal" and "Any Man in America." The overall darkness of that last
album made "Sway" appear even more light: "Angels in Everything" is a dedication
of love for his current wife, "Not Broken Anymore" is filled with a beautiful
victory and the title track is a simple, subdued love song.

It's the first album Furstenfeld and the band wrote looking outside, he said.
That and leaving drug use behind for good has opened up his songwriting world.

"I have a wider audience, now," Furstenfeld said. "I'm not just singing about
myself, now. I'm singing about what others have been doing while I was sleeping.
It's like I jumped in the real world."

The band is currently working on its next studio album and is aiming for a 2016
release.

___ (c)2015 The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.) Visit The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.)
at www.joplinglobe.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150424-JL-Blue-October-s-Fear-tour-features-surprising-dose-of-optimism-0424-2
0150424

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                        Copyright 2015 The Joplin Globe


                              254 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Analysis: Clinton, Trump didn't do much to sway undecided voters

BYLINE: Liam Migdail-Smith, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 468 words


Sept. 27--It may have made for a captivating hour and a half of television. But
analysts didn't see Monday's presidential debate as changing much in the race
between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump.

The exchange was light on discussion of specific plans, and the focus instead
kept drifting back to questions about the candidates' character and pasts that
have dominated the race, said G. Terry Madonna, director of Franklin & Marshall
College's Center for Politics and Public Affairs.

"I didn't see much new ground," Madonna said.

Neither candidate showed the personality shifts needed to become more favorable
to voters, Madonna said. For Trump, that would have meant toning down the
brashness and demonstrating a more presidential demeanor. For Clinton, that
would have meant coming off as more likeable and relatable to voters.

But Madonna said Clinton had a clear upper hand. She went on the attack early,
putting Trump on the defensive and steering the focus to his controversies and
away from her own.

"She turned from policy wonk to prosecuting attorney," he said. "She didn't
answer a question without going after him."

Clinton did well in her efforts to characterize Trump's proposals as being aimed
at benefitting the wealthy, Madonna said. And he said Trump scored points in his
discussion of the need to combat terrorism and crime.

Trump was effective in communicating his message that he would bring a needed
shift from the policies of the past eight years, while Clinton would continue
them, said Michael Armato, assistant professor of political science at Albright
College.

But he said Clinton demonstrated a better understanding of policy and offered
more specifics. And Armato said Trump was tripped up by constantly going on the
defensive and seeking to counter Clinton's claims.

"He went and took the bait every time," Armato said.

In constantly defending his record on business and policy positions, Trump
missed opportunities to turn the focus to Clinton's weak points, Armato said.

There was only limited discussion of the controversy surrounding her handling of
emails as secretary of state and nearly no mention of the Benghazi attack.

"He did not take her to task for those things," Armato said.

But both analysts said if the goal of the debate was to win over undecided
voters, it doesn't seem like either candidate did much to move the dial.

"I'm not sure who changed their minds," Armato said.

Liam Migdail-Smith -- Reporter

Reporter Liam Migdail-Smith reports on politics and elections; state, federal
and Berks County governments; and all things transportation.

Phone: 610-371-5022

Email: lsmith@readingeagle.com

TODAY'S SPONSOR:

___ (c)2016 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160927-RE-Analysis-Clinton-Trump-didn-t-do-much-to-sway
-undecided-voters-0927-20160927

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2016 Reading Eagle


                              255 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                  Sway , Inc.

                         8313 Greenway Blvd  Suite 100
                              Middleton,  WI 53562
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (608) 833-0088
FAX: (608) 833-9029
URL: www.swayonline.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Sway, Inc. (http://www.swayonline.com/) is a leading social media marketing
company with offices in Chicago and Madison, Wis. Founded in 2002, Sway executes
highly targeted online marketing campaigns using Web 2.0 marketing tools such as
HTML e-mail, podcasts, Really Simple Syndication (RSS) and mobile phone text
messaging (SMS). Sway's proprietary online tools help companies reach their
target audiences, distribute content and measure results online.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 3,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              256 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 12, 2016 Friday

BRIEF: Bill bars schools from using tax money to sway voters

BYLINE: Mary Sell, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 190 words


Feb. 12--MONTGOMERY -- Sen. Arthur Orr, R-Decatur, this week got committee
approval on a bill to keep public schools and universities from spending public
money advocating for or against ballot referendums.

Orr, who also represents a portion of Limestone County, said the bill came out
of a situation last year where Athens City Schools used public resources to
advocate for a tax increase for the system. That referendum failed. Orr said he
was aware of other similar situations in the state.

Senate Bill 86 says schools can't expend any public funds from any source for
activities to advocate for electors to vote in favor of or against a statewide
or local ballot measure, even if it has been determined that the expenditure
serves a public purpose.

It does not prevent a contribution or dues payment to a trade association in
which the public entity is a member.

It was voted out of the Senate Fiscal Responsibility and Economic Development
Committee last week and goes to the full Senate.

___ (c)2016 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160212-DD-BRF-Bill-bars-schools-from-using-tax-money-to-sway
-voters-0212-20160212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2016 The Decatur Daily


                              257 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 5, 2012 Saturday

Mexico's top drug kingpin "Chapo" Guzman could sway election

BYLINE: Diana Washington Valdez, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1193 words


May 05--Mexico's top drug kingpin represents a formidable political force that
could influence the outcome of the July 1 presidential election, says a UTEP
professor and author of a new book on election fraud.

Author Jorge Lopez Gallardo, a physics professor at the University of Texas at
El Paso, said that Joaquin "Chapo" Guzman has developed a powerful network of
politicians, industrialists, business leaders, bankers and security officials
that may exert influence on the presidential and other, lower-level elections.

"El Chapo has developed his group of allies since he escaped from the prison in
Guadalajara," said Lopez, who holds The UTEP Physics Department's Schumaker
endowed chair. "I believed there was fraud in the 2006 election, which I wrote
about in my first book, and I suspect that we may have fraud again. The question
here is, who will benefit from the fraud?"

Guzman's bloc is not necessarily tied to one political party or candidate, Lopez
said.

Lopez's book "2012 Election Fraud?" (University of Guadalajara; 2012) will be
released later this month and is the scientist's second book on the Mexican
election system. His first book was titled "2006 Election Fraud?"

Lopez said he detected fraud by applying systematic statistical methods to his
research of the electronic election returns.

"I'm a physics scientist, and I got interested in this kind of work after
someone talked me into watching the electronic results as they were coming in
and reported by the IFE,"

or Instituto Federal Electoral.

"In this day and age," Lopez said, "electoral fraud takes place by manipulating
the electronic means and software that are used to tabulate the votes."

A spokeswoman for the Mexican IFE in Mexico City on Friday directed questions
about potential and past fraud to the organization's website (www.ife.org.mx),
and cited its stated commitment to impartiality, objectivity and independence
from parties and candidates.

IFE officials previously denied that fraud influenced the 2006 election.

Phil Jordan, former director of the El Paso Intelligence Center and now a law
enforcement consultant on the Mexican drug cartels, said he can't talk about the
fraud aspects of Mexican elections but agrees with Lopez that Guzman has amassed
considerable power.

"Chapo is the most powerful drug lord in the world, and he has the money, guns
and power to influence anything he wants to influence," Jordan said. "If Chapo
is allowed to run the Mexican government, it will be back to business as usual."

Jordan said the late Amado Carrillo Fuentes, founder of the Carrillo Fuentes
cartel, once remarked that he did not need to be the president to exert power in
Mexico.

"When someone asked Amado about being president,"

Jordan said, "he responded by saying, 'Why would I want to be president if I am
already the most powerful man in Mexico?' He had power because he had direct
access to Los Pinos (Mexico's presidential palace), and he had the drug czar and
other officials on his payroll. And there was Pablo Escobar, the Colombian drug
lord, who was a politician."

The late Escobar, who achieved international notoriety, was involved in drug
trafficking when he was elected to Colombia's congress in 1982 as a
representative for the Liberal Party.

Roderic Ai Camp, a foremost expert on Mexican politics, said voters have a
diverse field of candidates to choose from this year: Enrique Pena Nieto,
Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI); Josefina Vazquez Mota, National Action
Party (PAN); Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, Revolutionary Democratic Party (PRD);
and Gabriel Quadri de la Torre, New Alliance Party (PANAL).

The first televised debate by all four candidates will take place Sunday. The
election is eight weeks away.

The latest polls indicate that the PRI candidate is the front-runner and the PAN
candidate is in second place. Under Mexico's new election laws, the candidates
were given only 90 days to campaign.

"It is the shortest campaign period in Mexican political history," said Camp,
who lectured Friday at UTEP on the 2012 Mexican presidential election.

"Mexican independent voters (30 to 45 percent) make up a critical group in this
election" Camp said.

"According to surveys, only about a fourth of all voters in Mexico expressed a
strong allegiance to a political party."

Camp said voters are swayed by a presidential candidate's appeal more so than by
a candidate's stated policies. He also said that for several years, Mexican
politicians have hired U.S. consultants to advise them on their campaigns.

Camp is the Philip McKenna Professor of the Pacific Rim at Claremont Mckenna
College in California, and a consultant for the Woodrow Wilson Center for
International Scholars in Washington, D.C.

He said women may also play an important role in this year's election. In the
recent congressional elections in Mexico, 56 percent of all voters were women.

In another development, recent surveys indicate that Vazquez, the PAN's
presidential candidate, is attracting more women voters than the left-leaning
Lopez Obrador of the PRD, the party considered to be the country's most socially
progressive party.

Camp said Pena Nieto is strong in all regions of the country, while the other
candidates are strong in only certain regions. He said some candidates in the
past have come from behind before to win on election day. Examples he gave were
Vicente Fox, the PAN candidate who won in 2000, and Felipe Calderon, the current
president, of the same party.

All four candidates have been running campaign ads on Mexican television
networks and radio stations -- ads that are polished and professionally
produced.

Camp said that when it comes to what issues are most important to Mexican
citizens, the same top concerns have come up consistently over the past 11
years: personal income, personal safety and unemployment.

"Probably because of all the killings, insecurity is number one this year," he
said.

"A huge majority of people believe that organized crime is winning the war."

He said organized crime has intimidated local officials and has infiltrated
local and state governments.

Irasema Coronado and Tony Payan, political science professors at UTEP, announced
during Camp's lecture at Blumberg Auditorium, that they are collaborating on a
research project on the Mexican election.

As a part of the project, they have developed a website to inform the public
about the events and process of the election process.

The website is at http://www.mexico2012elections.com.

The presidential debate will be broadcast at 7 p.m. on Sunday by many Mexican TV
stations.

"We are hosting a debate viewing and discussion at the campus, and everyone is
invited," Coronado said.

Diana Washington Valdez may be reached at dvaldez@elpasotimes.com; 546-6140;
follow her on Twitter at @eptimesdiana.

Make plans

-- What: View and discuss the televised Mexican presidential candidates' debate.

-- When: 7 p.m., Sunday (May 6); doors open at 6:30 p.m.

-- Where: UTEP Liberal Arts Building, Room 403.

-- Information: www.mexico2012elections.com.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120505-EY-Mexico-s-top-drug-kingpin-Chapo-Guzman-could-sway
-election-0505-20120505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              258 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 7, 2011 Friday

Repudiation of autism-vaccine link may not sway parents

BYLINE: Derek Moore, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 963 words


Jan. 07--A 1998 study that sparked global fears that immunizations are the cause
of autism has been debunked, retracted and now, labeled out-and-out medical
fraud.

But public health officials, autism experts and parents of children who've been
diagnosed with the disease say they don't expect a sudden increase in
vaccination rates, which in some parts of Sonoma County are well below the state
average.

"I honestly don't think it will dispel the fear," said Michele Rogers, executive
director of the Early Learning Institute in Rohnert Park. "I think until we have
the definitive answer for autism, parents are going to point to something
because it's too scary and amorphous."

The idea that childhood vaccinations are behind a baffling increase in autism
worldwide was sparked in large part by research conducted in 1998 by British
doctor Andrew Wakefield.

Wakefield based his findings on 12 children who had suffered severe mental
regressions, which Wakefield blamed on the measles, mumps and rubella vaccine.
He suggested the vaccine be split into three separate shots and given over a
longer period.

Other researchers slammed Wakefield for what they said were his shoddy research
methods and for drawing such a definitive conclusion about the risk of vaccines
based on such a small study sample.

Nevertheless, the research sparked global fears of the shots, leading to
declining vaccination rates and in some places, a resurgence of childhood
diseases that had been virtually wiped out.

In Sonoma County, the percentage of fully immunized students entering
kindergarten classes has steadily dipped from 91.6 percent in 2002 to 88.2
percent in 2009-10, according to state records. In nine school districts, six of
them in the west county, the percentage of fully immunized kindergartners is
less than 80 percent, a Public Health Department analysis said. Two school
districts -- Sebastopol Union Elementary and Twin Hills Union Elementary -- were
below 60 percent.

Last February, the editors of the influential medical journal The Lancet
formally retracted Wakefield's published research. At the same time, the General
Medical Council in Britain accused Wakefield of dishonesty and "callous
disregard" for the children enrolled in his study, and stripped him of his
medical license.

Then this week, the British Medical Journal published an investigation in which
they reported serious flaws with Wakefield's research, including the fact that
five children enrolled in his study had previously documented developmental
problems, despite Wakefield's claims that the kids were normal up until they
were given the MMR vaccine.

Wakefield and his colleagues doctored the records of all 12 children, according
to the analysis, which led the journal's editor to declare the study "an
elaborate fraud."

Regardless, many parents are likely to continue to weigh the benefits of giving
vaccinations to their children versus concerns those shots could lead to a
life-altering illness.

Pam Wittenberg, who lives in Santa Rosa and works as a veterinarian in
Lafayette, said some of her friends expressed shock when she told them she would
be vaccinating her newborn daughter, given that Wittenberg's son, who was three
at the time, had been diagnosed with high-functioning autism.

"I said, 'Absolutely,' " Wittenberg recalled Friday. "I've never thought there's
been a link between vaccines and autism."

Her daughter, who is now 5, is developing normally, while her son, who is 8, is
enrolled in a Santa Rosa school operated by Anova, an education and therapeutic
center specializing in treating children and adults who have autism.

Anova founder and president Andrew Bailey predicted that the latest debunking of
Wakefield's research will lead to an increase in the number of parents who
vaccinate their children. That is, except in the west Sonoma County, where
Bailey said many people still harbor concerns about "big pharma" poisoning their
kids.

He lives in Sebastopol.

"As a doctor at the infectious disease center in Philadelphia said, it's easier
to scare people than it is to unscare them," Bailey said.

Even Bailey, who vaccinated both of his children, was unwilling to unequivocally
rule out vaccines as a contributing cause of autism, which many scientists
increasingly suspect has a variety of environmental and genetic causes.

"Until we know what causes autism and how to prevent it and how to treat it, we
don't know whether vaccines or a combination of vaccines or additives is not
somehow involved. That's what makes this thing so scary," said Bailey, who is a
member of California's Senate Select Committee on Autism Related Disorders.

Dr. Mark Netherda, the county's deputy public health officer, said that it is
"hard to prove a negative" when it comes to vaccine fears. But he said he's
convinced no such link exists and that he has no compunction telling parents
that.

"It's just a shame that this was allowed to go on for 12 or 13 years, with some
people believing there's a link, and now, we have absolute definitive proof
there is no such link," he said.

His hope is that more parents in Sonoma County will vaccinate their children and
themselves in the case of whooping cough, which has made a resurgence in
California and led to a number of children dying.

Netherda said between 5 and 8 cases of whooping cough were newly diagnosed in
Sonoma County just last week.

"With kids back in school, we're seeing more cases," Netherda said.

To see more of The Press Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Press Democrat, Santa
Rosa, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110107-UR-Repudiation-of-autism-vaccine-link-may-not-sway
-parents-0107-20110107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2011


                              259 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday

EVENTS

SECTION: ; Pg. OZSD2

LENGTH: 422 words


THURSDAY

PARENT AND CHILD PAINTING: Nov.26, 5:30 p.m. at Rosewood Arts Centre Theatre,
2655 Olson Dr., Kettering. Parents and children get colorful while exploring
various paint media, such as tempera, watercolor and acrylic. Spend some
quality, creative time with your kids. Ages 5-10. Pre-registration required.

SATURDAY

4TH SATURDAY - BALLROOM DANCING WITH SWING & SWAY: Nov. 28, 8 p.m. at Arbor
Hall, 2150 Arbor Blvd. Swing 'n' Sway dance parties provide an exciting mix of
smooth, Latin, and swing dancing with a little bit of country 2-step and line
dances thrown in for an evening of fun and lively dancing. They welcome single
or married, beginner and accomplished dancers. Join in on the fourth Saturday of
the month. For more info, contact Ken Wiginton at 937-259-7346 or at
Ken.Wiginton@yahoo.com

MONDAY

IMPROV YOUR COMMUNICATION SKILLS: Nov.30, 1 p.m. at Dayton Metro Library -
Wilmington-Stroop Branch, 3980 Wilmington Pike. If you have a job you've
probably heard your company stress the need for improved communication. This is
your chance, and you can do it in the least boring way possible with improv
comedy exercises. No comedy skills needed; just relax and learn improv comedy
from the professionals at The BlackBox Improv Theater in Dayton. This is a Check
Out The ARTS program with partner organization Black Box Theater, which offers
youth and adult classes; to date more than 150 Daytonians have studied at the
theater. PRENATAL PILATES: Nov.30, 7 p.m. at My Pilates Studio, 8100 Miller Farm
Lane, Dayton. Prenatal Pilates - Small Group Circuit Training Thursday at 7 p.m.
These prenatal classes are designed for the changing pregnant body and will
target the key muscles that support the growing belly and strengthen the muscles
that will help during labor, delivery and recovery. A safe, yet challenging
class will include a circuit of Pilates equipment, as well as Pilates based mat
using props focusing on strengthening the abdominals, pelvic floor and upper
back. Class size is limited to six and private sessions are available.
Registration and doctor's note required. Call 937-438-5151 to reserve your spot.

TUESDAY

LINKEDIN (DEMO): Dec. 1, 6:30 p.m. at Woodbourne Library, 6060 Far Hills Ave.,
Centerville. In job search and in business, who you know can be as important as
what you know. LinkedIn is a social website for illuminating your skills and
experiences while creating a network of associates to help you promote your
abilities and yourself. This session introduces LinkedIn and many of its
features.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              260 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 28, 2013 Thursday

Judiciary Committee hearing on assault weapons won't sway Grassley's opposition
to legislation banning the firearms

BYLINE: Christinia Crippes, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 460 words


Feb. 28--U.S. Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, was among the members of the
Judiciary Committee hearing reserved testimony from law enforcement and the
emotional words of a parent who lost a child to gun violence Wednesday during a
hearing on the merits of an assault weapons ban.

After the hearing, Grassley told reporters he was moved by the testimony of the
people directly affected by the Dec. 14 mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary
School in Newtown, Conn., which resulted in the deaths of 20 first-graders and
six staff members.

Among other experts, the committee heard from William Begg, the emergency room
physician on shift at Danbury Hospital on Dec. 14, and from Neil Heslin, whose
6-year-old son Jesse Lewis was among those killed at Sandy Hook.

"The hurt for that family, you could feel up front very easily," Grassley said.

Despite his sympathies, however, Grassley said he would not support banning
assault weapons under legislation proposed by a fellow committee member, Sen.
Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif.

Grassley said he doubts the legislation will pass in the Senate and is unlikely
to be approved the U.S. House of Representatives.

While Grassley does not expect the legislation to pass, he said he expects some
laws to be enacted following the Sandy Hook tragedy. Specifically, he said he
expects legislation on trafficking of firearms, identifying and helping people
with mental health issues and reporting on felons who cannot purchase guns, as
well as creating a database to ensure those who should not have firearms cannot
buy them.

Grassley acknowledged during the hearing the incident at Newtown left many
thinking about how to prevent future mass shootings.

"The tragedy at Newtown has caused all of us to ask what has happened in our
society to bring about that tragedy and a lot of other like tragedies," he said
during the hearing, adding he sympathized with the families and expressed his
condolences to Heslin and his neighbors.

Grassley said the issue is a divisive one. He said he respects Feinstein's views
and knows they are sincere since she has worked to seek an assault weapons ban
for the past 20 years.

He said he has a difference of opinion and questions whether a ban would be
effective. The United States had a ban on assault rifles from 1994 until 2004,
and Grassley cited a few studies, which failed to conclude the law was
effective.

"You get the feeling that there's honest differences of opinion between members
of the Senate, and then also between some members of the Senate and the
witnesses, the extent to which the assault ban will accomplish anything,"
Grassley told reporters.

___ (c)2013 The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa) Visit The Hawk Eye (Burlington,
Iowa) at www.thehawkeye.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130228-QW-Judiciary-Committee-hearing-on-assault-weapons-won-t-sway
-Grassley-s-opposition-to-legislation-banning-the-firearms-0228-20130228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2013 The Hawk Eye


                              261 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville New Jersey)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 24, 2013 Sunday

Students film Navajos, horses in Arizona for film to sway Congress

BYLINE: Diane D'Amico, The Press of Atlantic City, Pleasantville, N.J.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 509 words


Nov. 24--The audience for school projects doesn't typically include members of
Congress. But a short film by three students at Charter Tech High School for the
Performing Arts in Somers Point is planned as part of a Washington, D.C., event
early next year to promote passage of a federal bill that would ban the
slaughter of horses.

Students Tyler Hersh, 17, of Absecon, Eric Klein, 16, of Cherry Hill, and Joe
Parisi, 17, of Egg Harbor Township, spent four days last month with the Navajo
Nation in Arizona, filming tribe members and their horses on behalf of the
Animal Welfare Institute, or AWI, in Washington, D.C., which funded the trip.

Instructor David Von Roehm, who had worked with AWI before, went with them.

Hersh said their goal was to raise awareness of the Navajos' relationship with
horses and efforts to stop the slaughter of horses for food in the United
States. They filmed tribal members on a ride, and interviewed elders and the
tribe's medicine man.

Klein said because they were in the Navajo Nation, they had to abide by their
laws, and there were some things they were not allowed to photograph.

"They don't always like outsiders, especially with cameras," Parisi said. "And
not everyone knew why we were there."

Hersh said a major challenge was the dust in the desert, which got into the
equipment.

"You had to constantly clean the lenses," he said.

Parisi said he loved learning about the lifestyle and culture of the Navajos.

"The horse is really sacred to them," Hersh said.

A tribal elder in the film talks about how the Navajo communicates with his
horse and sings to it.

The group tried to find some of the estimated 75,000 wild horses that live on
the Navajo land but admit to having some difficulty, since not all areas were
accessible to them.

Chris Heyde, deputy director of government and legal affairs for AWI, said the
institute has been fighting to ban horse slaughter in the United States for
years. He said they have had success in delaying slaughterhouse operations, but
the proposed Safeguard American Food Exports, or SAFE Act, would outright ban
the slaughter of horses.

"It would eliminate the annual battle," Heyde said.

According to published reports, the president of the Navajo Nation, Ben Shelly,
had supported the roundup and slaughter of some wild horses, citing the damage
they cause. But other tribal elders opposed the move, and in October, Shelly
withdrew his support and agreed to investigate other methods of managing feral
horses.

The Charter Tech students have been compiling a five-minute video for the AWI,
and will also prepare a 20-minute film as a class assignment.

Van Roehm said while the film focuses on the horses, he also wanted to show how
they are also part of the Navajo culture.

"We wanted to show the spirit of the horse," he said. "I hope we shared that."

Contact Diane D'Amico:

609-272-7241

DDamico@pressofac.com

___ (c)2013 The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) Visit The Press of
Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) at www.pressofatlanticcity.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131124-1AC-Students-film-Navajos-horses-in-Arizona-for-film-to-sway
-Congress-1124-20131124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AC


                   Copyright 2013 The Press of Atlantic City


                              262 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             August 23, 2004 Monday

3 years of research leads to Athens

BYLINE: ANNE BROACHE

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1080 words

DATELINE: LAND O'LAKES


Dr. Scott Paton gazed into the lens of a digital video camera wielded by his
wife.

"It's 11:20 (a.m.) right now in Greek time, which means it's . . ."

The 33-year-old paused to calculate.

". . . 4:20 a.m. in Tampa," he finished.

It was the morning of Aug. 9, and Paton was at Aristotle University in
Thessaloniki, Greece.

He was a few moments from becoming the first chiropractor to present research to
the Pre-Olympic Congress, the largest international gathering of scientists in
sport science and medicine.

And there was no question: the Patons wanted it all documented.

His presentation lasted about 10 minutes. Afterward, a few professors from
international universities said they planned to use his findings in their own
research.

"It went very well," Paton told the St. Petersburg Times the week after his
return. "I felt very comfortable."

Paton was one of 450 speakers and about 2,200 total attendees from 79 countries
at the congress, sponsored by the International Council of Sport Science and
Physical Education. The congress has met before the Olympic summer games since
1960.

A colleague in sports medicine encouraged Paton to submit his research. The
68-page thesis, titled Artificially Induced Leg Length Inequality and Its Effect
on Sway, made the cut in February.

"I wanted to come up with something that might give you some sign that somebody
is going to excel in sports," Paton said of his research, which took three years
to complete.

Previous studies suggested that people who have equal leg lengths sway less
while standing. It is widely accepted that the more one sways, the less
coordinated one is. And it could be said that more coordinated people have an
advantage in athletics.

Paton's conclusion, however, was this: People with unequal leg lengths aren't
necessarily at a disadvantage in sway patterns.

He's quick to note that his study isn't a definitive measure of athleticism. But
he hopes his findings might be encouraging to parents of children with unequal
leg lengths -  a very common condition.

"Research doesn't answer any questions," Paton said. "It merely gives you
ammunition to formulate an opinion."

+++

Paton's six-day jaunt to Greece was more than a resume boost. It was a time for
exploration.

On their first night in town, Paton and his wife, Janice, dined on a creamy Feta
cheese. It was almost enough to steer their minds from their missing luggage,
which finally caught up to them about 2 a.m.

The day before Paton's presentation, the couple relished a train ride through
the countryside to Athens - about 4 1/2 hours each way. They visited the
Parthenon and spotted a few badge-wearing Olympians near the base of the
Acropolis - no one they recognized, though.

"The women were, like, chiseled out of stone," Paton said.

In Thessaloniki itself, a Greek woman they met at the congress took them to a
monastery with a shrine to St. Paul.

"It was reverent, it was solemn," Paton said. "It was absolutely unbelievable to
see it."

Paton had one of his most memorable experiences at the congress itself. He and
his wife stumbled upon a meditation techniques lecture and were intrigued enough
to visit a follow-up workshop.

"I've always said there is no way I can get hypnotized by anyone," Paton said.
"I never can relax enough to do that."

Janice Paton told her husband that he was so relaxed at the workshop, he began
snoring.

He has been meditating every morning since his return.

His new goal? To bring a meditation expert to the area to educate the
stressed-out public.

+++

At Paton's practice on State Road 54 in Lutz, autographed photos from
athlete-clients and endorsement letters from physicians and surgeons cluster on
the waiting room walls.

At some appointments, he pulls a large plastic model spine from a stand on his
desk to show patients what's going on under their skin.

The office is sparsely decorated, except for a 6-inch-tall man who sports a
yellow shirt and green pants that sits high on a bookshelf. In one hand, the
figurine holds up a spine model almost identical to Paton's.

"Because it's from my Mom," Paton said, "I put it up."

The oldest of four boys, Paton was born in Coral Springs. He attended the
University of South Florida and earned a chemistry degree in 1995. He started
working as an environmental chemist for Westinghouse and was accepted into USF's
master of public health program for environmental chemistry.

Around that time, every day lower back pain prompted him to see a chiropractor.
From then on, he knew he wanted to be a chiropractor.

"I realized it was a very viable form of health care," he said.

He started at Life University in Marietta, Ga., in 1997.

A year later Scott married Janice, whom he had met on a blind date before moving
to Georgia. He received his chiropractic license in 2000 and a master's degree
in management of sports injury in 2001.

After graduation, he landed a job with a clinic and worked on the side as
trainer for the Atlanta Falcons and other area sports squads.

Two days after Sept. 11, 2001, the Patons' son, Tyler, was born. Because flights
were grounded, Paton's mother was unable to be there for the birth. That got the
Patons thinking about moving back to Florida.

"It was hard being without family," Paton said.

In May, they settled in Lutz's Willow Bend community, which reminded them of
Georgia, Paton said.

Janice Paton teaches kindergarten at McKitrick Elementary School in Lutz. She
sent each student a postcard from Greece.

Paton opened his practice in late March and now sees about 160 clients. In his
spare time, he enjoys golfing - and all other sports. He hopes to volunteer
again as an athletic trainer.

He's too busy to undertake more research right now, he said. The Florida
Association of Chiropractors already has invited him to speak in its winter
continuing studies program.

But he won't be letting go of his analytical spirit.

"I mean, I research refrigerators before I buy them," Paton said. "I research
everything."

Dr. Scott Paton of Paton Chiropractic and Sports Medicine in Land O'Lakes works
on patient Preston Ely of Tampa on Wednesday. The doctor hopes his research
findings might be encouraging to parents of children with unequal leg lengths.

Dr. Scott Paton of Paton Chiropractic and Sports Medicine in Land O'Lakes
brought his research to the Pre-Olympic Congress, the largest international
gathering of scientists in sport science and medicine.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES; HERNANDO TIMES

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, BRENDAN FITTERER, (2); Dr. Scott Paton of Paton Chiropractic and
Sports Medicine in Land O'Lakes works on patient Preston Ely of Tampa on
Wednesday. (ran Pasco); Dr. Scott Paton of Paton Chiropractic and Sports
Medicine in Land O'Lakes brought his research to the; Pre-Olympic Congress, the
largest international gathering of scientists in sport science and medicine.

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              263 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                           February 6, 2013 Wednesday

Venture Capital

LENGTH: 71 words



FUNDED COMPANY: 2224122 Rivet & Sway

REFERENCE DATE: February 1, 2013

FUNDED AMOUNT: 2.0

INVESTORS: 1997144 Mousse Partners Ltd.
2004641 Harrison Metal Capital
1967755 Baseline Ventures

DESCRIPTION: Rivet & Sway, an online glasses seller based in Seattle, has raised
a $2 million round from Mousse Partners, Baseline Ventures, and Harrison Metal.
The funding will be used to expand the companyÃ¢s team and help it break into
sunglasses.


LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: VentureCapital

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2013 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            September 5, 2016 Monday

Neuropathy patients take to tango as therapy;
OSU grad student uses grant to help chemo patients.

BYLINE: By Kaitlin Fochesato

SECTION: ; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 462 words


COLUMBUS -By the time doctors diagnosed Tim Hickey's cancer, it had spread to
his liver and bones.

"I think they took odds that I wasn't going to make it," said Hickey, 65, who
had Stage IV Hodgkin's lymphoma, which affects the immune system. "But I fooled
them."

After chemotherapy successfully treated his lymphoma, Hickey, who had served as
a district deputy for the Knights of Columbus, was unable to walk and had to use
a wheelchair. One side effect of certain chemotherapy treatments is peripheral
neuropathy.

"A lot of people feel like they're walking with a thick pair of socks on," said
Lisa Hartkopf-Smith, an oncology clinical nurse specialist at OhioHealth
Riverside Methodist Hospital, adding that as many as 40 percent of chemotherapy
patients develop neuropathy.

But for Hickey, an unconventional therapy got him get back on his feet again.
How? He learned to tango. Argentine tango, to be exact.

Mimi Lamantia, a recent Ohio State University graduate, received $12,000 from
Pelotonia to conduct three 10-week sessions of Argentine tango as another form
of physical therapy. The classes were primarily attended by cancer survivors.

Lamantia, who majored in dance and pre-medicine, studied the medial-lateral sway
of her students, one of the best biomechanical indicators of a patient's risk of
falling.

Lise Worthen-Chaudhari, a physical-rehabilitation specialist and assistant
professor at Ohio State, had been working with Hickey and collaborated with
Lamantia on the research.

Worthen-Chaudhari, who used to dance professionally in San Francisco, said the
art of dance and the science of physical therapy go hand in hand.

"Dance is the art of movement, and biomechanics is the science and mathematics
of movement," she said.

To test the effectiveness of the classes, the researchers measured the
medial-lateral sway of patients by having them stand on a sensor connected to
special software. Patients stood with their eyes closed for 30 to 60 seconds
while the sensor measured their balance.

Hickey said that when he began dancing, he had feeling only in the balls of his
feet and was constantly at risk of falling. Halfway through a 10-week session of
classes, the researchers saw a 56 percent drop in sway. Hickey even had more
sensation in his feet.

"I was able to tailor the movement of the dance to the movement deficits people
were going through," Lamantia said of coordinating the dance classes.

She started the classes with basic exercises and moved into dancing after the
group was warmed up. Some dances used as many as 12 steps.

Hickey said he feels only occasional tingling in his toes and walks with just a
brace on his right knee - scarlet and gray for his beloved Buckeyes.

"He'd rather talk sports, but he's got an artist in him," Worthen-Chaudhari
said.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              265 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             July 6, 2011 Wednesday
                                  Mich Edition

Galaxy Girl defies gravity

BYLINE: JAKE WRIGHT, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 566 words


SOUTH BEND - Galaxy Girl is 127 feet in the air atop the sway pole.

She checks to make sure no one is around the tower's support lines, then without
safety nets or a harness she stands up, balancing her weight and looking out
onto a captivated audience. The smallest disturbance in the lines could send her
falling, but the wires are clear and she's up.

"Once I'm done standing, the rest feels like a vacation," she said.

Tina Winn, also known as Galaxy Girl, is a daredevil performer who travels
around the country doing stunts at fairs and circuses. She is currently
performing three shows a day at the St. Joseph County 4-H Fair.

She continues her show on the sway pole, doing hand stands and hanging from an
ankle. The only thing keeping her from falling is the strength of her body,
which she keeps up with 400 crunches a day and numerous pushups, she said.

The tower, which is comparable in height to the County-City Building in downtown
South Bend, is just one of three acts Galaxy Girl performs. Spectators at the
fair can see her inside the Globe of Death as two motorcycles race around her or
dangling from various parts of her body on the Cyber Cycle.

Winn said she has always loved being in the air. Being raised by a circus
family, she said, she always loved the trapeze.

It was her former husband who really got her into the daredevil side of
performing, she said. Despite her previous experience working for organizations
such as the Brothers Circus, she started to focus more on fairs.

"We were trying to find something that would be more spectacular for the fair
market," she said.

The Galaxy Girl show, Winn said, is one of the few true daredevil acts still
around. Galaxy Girl's 127-foot tower is also the tallest sway tower used in the
industry, she said.

Fear has never been a problem for Winn though. She said she's not afraid of
heights and as long as she knows she is strong and healthy then she will be OK.

"I am never really afraid because I really enjoy it," she said. "There are
moments when it is very windy and the weather is just not with you, but once I
hear the music and I start performing I get back into it."

What keeps her going though after almost 20 years of stunt performing, she said,
are the people. Because of all the places she gets to travel and the people she
gets to meet, she said, she loves being in the show. Every time she returns to
perform somewhere people always come back, she said.

"Sometimes it's like they are my family," she said. "It's just really cool."

But the job, Winn said, is constant. From what she eats and her daily exercise
to setting up and performing the show, she said, there is not a day that goes by
that she isn't doing something in relation to the show.

"It's not just my job," she said. "I am dedicated and devoted in every aspect."

And as for the danger in her profession, she said, she doesn't look at it as
danger just as her job. So many people have jobs they hate but she truly loves
what she does, she said.

As for when Galaxy Girl will call it quits, Winn said, she isn't setting a time.
She said it's going to be hard for her to give it up, so as long as she can do
it safely she will continue to perform stunts 127 feet above the ground.

"The day that you have fear is the day you can't do it anymore," she said. "But
as long as you are happy and healthy, then do it."

Staff writer Jake Wright: jwright@sbtinfo.com

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                             March 1, 2011 Tuesday

The Mother Hips set to sway at Humbrews this Friday

BYLINE: Myles Cochrane/Tri-City Weekly

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 745 words


What: The Mother Hips, Floating Action to open

Where: Humboldt Brews, 856 10th St., Arcata

When: 9:30 p.m. Friday,

Admission: $15, 21+

The Mother Hips set to sway at Humbrews this Friday

Mother Hips will sway and play their independent, catchy, psychedelic and --
above all -- real rock at Humbrews on Friday night.

"We've been playing Humboldt County for a lot of years," said Tim Bluhm, Mother
Hips' California-born singer, guitarist and primary songwriter. "It has always
been a place that has felt very supportive of live music. It's kind of hard to
get to but that makes it that much more special."

The Mother Hips came together while attending school at California State
University, Chico 20 years ago.

"I could barely play guitar, but people would stop by my dorm room to hear a
song I wrote," Bluhm said. "I knew something was happening then."

After 20 years of said "happenings," Bluhm still finds wondrous joy when he
walks off the stage knowing The Mother Hips played their best show so far.

"When I feel that I am on top of the world," he said.

Their debut album, "Back to the Grotto," came out in the early 90s and was
quickly picked up by world-renowned producer Rick Rubin's (Johnny Cash,
Metallica, Red Hot Chili Peppers) record label, American Recordings.

"We met [Rick Rubin] only once at a little club in LA," Bluhm said. "I talked to
him on the phone once or twice during the recording of [our sophomore release]
'Part-Timer Goes Full.' We talked about the songs and the sounds."

In retrospect, Bluhm wishes Rubin was more involved in the production process of
The Mother Hips' American Recordings releases. But hindsight's 20-20. There were
a lot of perks at American. Bluhm and the band got a wonderful opportunity when
the famed label wanted to sign them. They arranged for the Bluhm and The Man in
Black to sit in a "little room for five minutes."

"We sat down and [Johnny Cash] put his hand on my shoulder. He said, 'Son,
American Records really brought out the best in me and I know they'll do the
same for you.' It was a done deal," Bluhm said.

After putting out three albums with American, The Mother Hips moved to the Bay
area in 1996 and they eventually settled in as independent recording artists.
Since then they've released four fantastic studio albums, had their track "Time
We Had" featured in the video game Rock Band and were the subject of three
documentaries. They're one of the best indie bands out of the Bay area.

With the Bay in mind, the 'Hips returned last fall to play the legendary
Fillmore in San Francisco.

"[It was] amazing," Bluhm said. "That room seems to have a magic all its own.
I've seen so many incredible shows there and heard so many stories from
old-timers. It's a huge honor to see Mother Hips posters on the wall amongst so
many legends of music."

Their latest release, 2009's "Pacific Dust" is another source of pride.

"It has been our most successful record to date," Bluhm said. "The only problem
now is trying to top it."

Bluhm was quiet on the details of their upcoming eighth studio release, but
there are rumors that it could be coming out as early as this fall. He did
mention a 'Hips box-set that's coming out this summer.

"It will be a three-CD set of unreleased songs dating from 1989 to about 2003,"
he said. "We spent a lot of time collecting and cleaning up these tracks, as
well as collecting lots of old photographs and newspaper articles."

Bluhm stays busy. If he isn't swaying with the 'Hips he's producing music,
jamming with Grateful Dead legends, back-country skiing or surfing.

Bluhm is also extremely supportive of his wife Nicki Bluhm's career. He works
with her in the studio quite a bit.

"I love watching someone achieve their potential -- especially someone I love!
Nicki has grown so much as a performer and songwriter in the time I've known
her. I knew she had potential and it is very gratifying to have a part in the
realization of that."

Surfers: you never know... you might run into Bluhm on the ocean before The
Mother Hips play Humbrews on Friday.

"[Surfing in Humboldt County is] a bit like surfing in SF, but fewer people and
more variety," he said. "I love how there's a channel at the North Jetty.
There's no such thing as a channel at OB. If you can't get past the inner bar,
you aren't gonna get any waves."

The Mother Hips have been surfing their own whitecaps of indie-rock success for
20 years now. Arcata will be able to drop this particular wave of audio goodies
on Friday night at Humbrews.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            February 13, 2017 Monday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Survey: Congress does care what voters have to say What works best;
Visits, emails and letters rank among the best ways to reach out

BYLINE: Eliza Collins, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 519 words


The phone lines in Congressional offices have been ringing off the hook over the
past few weeks and there have been overflowing town halls around the country.
But does your lawmaker actually care what you think? Some things work better
than others in addressing concerns. Below the percentage of aids who believe the
method has influence on a lawmaker who was undecided on an issue.

A report released by the Congressional Management Foundation on Monday found
that they do. And the constituents who go through the extra trouble of showing
up in person or writing personal emails and letters have the best chance of
persuading an undecided lawmaker.

94% for in-person visits

"There is unfortunately a belief by Americans that Congress doesn't care what
they think," Bradford Fitch, who is president and CEO of the Congressional
Management Foundation, told USA TODAY. The Foundation helps train lawmakers and
their staff on how to run a congressional office.

92% for individualized email messages 88% for individualized letters.

Fitch said that this report -- made up of a series of surveys of congressional
staff conducted between 2004 and 2016 -- proves the opposite is true.

87% for local editorials, or comments during

"Constituents are the most important factor especially when it comes to
undecided lawmakers," Fitch said. "Congress works a lot more like School House
Rock than House of Cards."

a telephone town hall

In-person visits from constituents and representatives from local organizations
were the most effective outreach methods, with 94% of congressional staff saying
in-person visits had a lot or some influence on a lawmaker who was undecided on
an issue.

84%

But don't fret if you don't have the time to fly to D.C. or show up at a local
office. Sending a personalized email or letter works well too. Ninety-two
percent of congressional staff said individualized email messages had a lot or
some influence on the lawmaker, 88% said the same for individualized letters.

percent of those surveyed said phone calls could sway the lawmaker

A local editorial that referenced the issue and comments during a telephone town
hall both had significant sway, 87% of aides said.

Eighty-four percent of those surveyed said phone calls could sway the lawmaker,
but that's almost 10% lower than an email.

Fitch said phone calls fall lower on the rating scale because there is such a
wide range in the quality of phone calls. Some calls made organically "where you
can hear emotion on the phone" can be effective. There are also groups that are
paid based off the number of connections they make, not what happens after the
call goes through. Those calls hold less influence.

All types of outreach were found effective by at least 8-out-of-10 staffers
except for one: form email messages. The survey found that emails that aren't
personalized -- the email that gets sent after you "click here to send an email
to your congressman" -- were far less effective than any other type of outreach.
Just 56% of congressional staffers said form email messages were influential.

Fitch said mass email campaigns are  are a little outdated.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Rick Bowmer, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2017 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                Sway Energy Inc

                             314, 10654 - 82 Avenue
                                Edmonton T6E 2A7
                                     Canada

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (780) 902-9866
FAX: (780) 439-2234
URL: www.swayenergy.ca

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   SWAY is committed to using the best technology and deploying those assets in
ways that both the environmental benefits and savings realized from its assets
greatly benefit the clients. SWAY's team researched various technologies and
equipment manufacturers to determine the best suite of combined heat and power
micro turbines and associated plant technologies available on the market for
today and for the future. Key to that research was identifying technology that
would provide us with secure, safe and reliable power that is friendly to the
environment to ensure that SWAY's combined installations are cleaner, greener,
and exceed the client's expectations on savings and service.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              269 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            January 19, 2010 Tuesday

Sway raises $2M

LENGTH: 86 words


Online marketing startup Sway Inc. of Madison, Wis., has raised $2 million in
Series A funding co-led by Origin Ventures and Leo Capital Holdings. Founded in
2004, the company previously raised a $1.2 million seed round in 2007. Sway's
Shoutlet application helps businesses manage their marketing via social media
Web sites. Current Shoutlet customers include American Family Insurance Group,
Spectrum Brands Inc.'s Rayovac brand, Solo Cup Co. and Dorel Industries Inc.'s
bicycle brands.&nbsp;

DEAL SIZE

$ 1-25 Million

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2010 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                             May 11, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Hornish leads way at Indy

BYLINE: News Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Notebook; Pg. A49

LENGTH: 232  words

DATELINE: INDIANAPOLIS


INDIANAPOLIS -- Veteran driver Sam Hornish led practice speeds for the second
day in a row on Wednesday as rain again cut short a test session for Saturday's
qualifying for the Indianapolis 500.

Hornish reached 226.056 mph (361.689 km/h) in his Honda-powered Dallara,
surpassing his top speed in Tuesday's first practice session by 1.245 mph (1.99
km/h) in circling the famed 2.5-mile (4-km) oval in 39.8132 seconds.

FORMULA ONE

IDE TOLD TO IDLE

TOKYO -- Formula One driver Yuji Ide will not be participating in any further
world championship events this year after the sport's governing body, FIA,
retracted his licence.

FIA asked that the Super Aguri team driver be sent back to the testing track for
more experience.

Ide has been involved in a series of mishaps and slow laps throughout the
season.

NASCAR

CREW CHIEF SUSPENDED

CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- Crew chief Richard "Slugger" Labbe was suspended for four
races and fined $25,000 on Tuesday for using an illegal part on Dale Jarrett's
car at Richmond International Raceway.

NASCAR officials discovered the sway bar on Jarrett's car was illegally mounted
when the No. 88 Ford passed through Saturday night's pre-race inspection in
Richmond.

The sway bar, also called an "antiroll bar," counteracts the rolling force of
the car body through the turns. Any alterations made to it would likely be in an
effort to help the car's agility through the corners.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Sam Hornish

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2006 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             April 15, 2011 Friday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Post Time: Trail stops in Hot Springs and Lexington

BYLINE: By Gene Kershner

SECTION: BLOGS

LENGTH: 790 words


This year's Kentucky Derby prep races have caused more than one horseplayer to
scratch his head trying to figure out who will be the next colt to step up as
the front runner. Last weekend's upset of Uncle Mo caused the entire Vegas
futures odds board to go into a tailspin. With the way things are going we could
have upwards of 17 or 18 horses going off at double-digit odds come Derby day.

So what puzzle do we have to figure out this weekend? We head to Hot Springs and
Lexington for the two major prep races and they couldn't be any more different.
At Oaklawn Park, the $1 million Arkansas Derby features one of the top
contenders in The Factor, who will face 12 other colts for a chance to reach the
starting gate on the first Saturday in May.

At Keeneland Race Course, 12 hopefuls will try the polytrack in the $750,000
Toyota Blue Grass Stakes. As usual, this race attracted several horses that race
primarily on turf, to attempt to score precious graded earnings on the faux
dirt. One of Post Time's Derby hopefuls, Santiva, returns as the morning line
favorite to Keeneland, where he placed second in the Dixiana Breeders' Futurity
last October.

Let's take a look at both races and see if we can make some sense out of the
past performances.

Arkansas Derby

3-The Factor (7-5 morning line favorite) stretches out another sixteenth of a
mile after his dominating victory in the Rebel Stakes last month. Bob Baffert
had him working a very fast 6 furlongs on April 10, and the horse appears to be
in peak shape for this tilt. He should be out on the lead early, and expect Todd
Pletcher's 9-Dance City to be pressing him early.

There are some very strong horses that will be trying to chase down The Factor,
including 1-Nehro, who lost by a neck to Pants on Fire in the Louisiana Derby,
and looks to have some stamina and some decent works under his belt.
8-Alternation was fractious in the gate in the Rebel, and actually knocked a
tooth out of 5-Sway Away's mouth, and ended up as a gate scratch. He steps up in
class here and is one of the big question marks in the race.

The gate issues obviously had a negative effect on Sway Away and he should be
rolling late, and if the pace is really hot up front, it could set up perfectly
for him to pick up the pieces late.

2-Elite Alex, who has had nothing but trouble in every race since his maiden
win, puts blinkers on for trainer Tim Ritchey. Post Time is willing to give this
horse one more chance, only to see what he can do with a good trip. The talent
is there, but he seems to not be able to get out of his own way on the race
track.

1 ? The Factor 2 ? Nehro 3- Sway Away 4 ? Elite Alex

Blue Grass Stakes

Post Time focused on three key races for a number of the entrants in the Blue
Grass. The Grade 3 Palm Beach Stakes at Gulfstream Park on the turf featured
4-Joe's Blazing Aaron, who wired the field at 13-1 and held off a late charging
12-Queen'splatekitten, the Ontario-bred who we may see later this summer in the
Canadian Triple Crown series and 1-Newdad who finished third.

The next race was also at Gulfstream, the $100K Hallandale Beach, where West
Point Thoroughbreds' 2-King Congie was disqualified for veering out in the
stretch after running an impressive race (and costing Post Time a fat Pick 4 in
doing so). 5-Brilliant Speed finished third (moved up to second on the DQ) in
the race only a length behind.

Lastly, 3-Santiva and 8-Willcox Inn finished second and third, respectively, in
the aforementioned Breeders' Futurity last October at Keeneland at a mile and
1/16, both closing from way back in the back. With the short stretch at
Keeneland, neither horse can afford to give up as much ground on Saturday as
they did in October.

The other horse that is interesting in here is 7-Twinspired, who ran third on
the polytrack at Turfway Park last month in the Grade 3 Vinery Spiral Stakes to
Derby bound horses Animal Kingdom and Decisive Moment, losing by six lengths.
Turfway shippers have historically performed well on the Keeneland synthetics,
so we'll keep an eye on Twinspired as post time arrives.

Post Time will be siding with Joes Blazing Aaron to set the pace and not be
passed, with Queen'splatekitten and Santiva closing to round out the trifecta. I
would use King Congie and Twinspired underneath in exotics in the third and
fourth slots.

1 ? Joes Blazing Aaron 2 ? Queen'splatekitten 3 ? Santiva 4 ? King Congie

We'll be heading to Finger Lakes for opening day and will provide a trip report
in Monday's blog along with a recap of the two big stakes races.

Good luck and let's go cash some tickets!

***

Gene Kershner is a Buffalo-based turf writer, handicapper and member of the
Thoroughbred Bloggers Alliance who blogs at equispace.blogspot.com and tweets
@EquiSpace.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                November 7, 2010

Football: Barclays Premier League: Liverpool's new guns ride warily into town:
The Henry gang are sizing up an unfamiliar fight, says Owen Gibson

BYLINE: Owen Gibson

SECTION: OBSERVER OBSERVER SPORT PAGES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 562 words


Liverpool's new American owners have likened English football to the "wild west"
in terms of the power of players and their agents. John W Henry, Liverpool's
principal owner, and Tom Werner, who is due to take over as club chairman, said
it had been a "culture shock" to realise the extent to which players held sway
over their clubs, even while under contract.

In the US, where Henry's New England Sports Ventures has taken the Boston Red
Sox to two World Series titles, Henry said players were generally held to their
contracts and clubs were in control. In the post-Bosman world of European
football, however, players and their agents tend to hold sway.

"It's a culture shock, there's no doubt about it. It's like the wild west," said
Henry, who implied there was more certainty in US sport. "It's a completely
different system here from what we're used to. If a player has a contract in the
US, they fulfil the contract. Over here, it seems players have much more say
so."

Werner, the US media executive who will take over from Martin Broughton as
chairman, said the next pressing task for the club was to install a new chief
executive to replace Christian Purslow. Dismissing speculation that potential
candidates had already been approached, he said the club would not restrict the
search to English football. "We want to have a wide net. But in a perfect world
we'd also have someone who understands the importance of Liverpool and the
connection to fans in Liverpool."

He said the search was at a "very early" stage. Werner and Henry met headhunters
on Friday to begin the process of drawing up a shortlist. The pair said they
were looking to overhaul the structure of the football side of the club,
beginning with the appointment of the former Spurs director of football Damien
Comolli.

Werner said the club would be looking to make a series of appointments on the
football and commercial sides of the business as they sought to rebuild and grow
revenues globally. Manchester United have boosted commercial revenue around the
world by targeting global sponsors in a range of new categories and Liverpool
are expected to follow suit. Arsenal's chief executive, Ivan Gazidis, has also
revamped the club's commercial operation in a bid to boost revenues.

"Our mantra has been to under promise and over deliver. When we came into Boston
we were given a short window. We understand the impatience of fans, but our
intention is to build a great club from the foundation up," Werner said. "Our
intention is to find the very best people. It would be crazy to promise too much
too soon, but I hope our track record is a guide that we are successful
operators."

Chelsea go to Anfield today with Carlo Ancelotti having to decide whether to
play Ramires in midfield instead of Michael Essien, who is suffering from a toe
injury. The Italian also has a dilemma in attack, with the fit again Florent
Malouda vying for a place with Salomon Kalou.

John Terry believes Chelsea need to keep winning to maintain the pressure on
their title rivals, ahead of a difficult December when they host Manchester
United and visit Arsenal and Tottenham. "If we continue this run until
Christmas, when the games come thick and fast, it proves difficult for the teams
in second, third or fourth if the gap is getting no closer," Terry said. "It
gets frustrating, so it is an important couple of months."


LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Cambridge Evening News

                           November 22, 2011 Tuesday

Booming city adding Â£12 billion to GDP

LENGTH: 625  words


For the first time Cambridge is beginning to grow companies large enough to sway
global markets.

Bucking the economic trend

So says a new report which shows the city as the UK's leading high-tech cluster,
contributing £12 billion to the economy as it continues to buck the national
economic trend.

The report, produced by Startup Intelligence to coincide with the Silicon Valley
Comes to Cambridge programme of events, shows growth in employment in many new
high-tech sectors, such as opto-electronics and green technologies, strong rises
in house prices, unemployment at 2.1% - way below the national average of 7.9% -
and employment in the R&D sector at 18 times the national average.

"For the first time Cambridge is beginning to grow companies large enough to
sway global markets," the report states. "The typical Cambridge technology
company is still quite small, with an average of 29 employees, but the companies
known as the Big 4 - ARM, Autonomy, CSR and Domino - together with antibodies
firm Abcam, employ almost 2,500 people, twice as many as they did in 2004."

The report points to why Cambridge is bucking the trend, saying the city
benefits from a unique mix of characteristics which make it one of the world's
most advanced tech clusters. These include one of the best universities in the
world, a compact network of institutions and associations fostering innovation
and entrepreneurship, with some of the country's most successful entrepreneurs
turned business angels keen to fuel the next generation.

Cambridge is also diverse, with a unique tech entrepreneurial ecosystem, the
report says, taking in biotech, medtech, gaming, audio, chips, materials and
printing. Meanwhile, new start-ups are "blurring the boundaries between sectors,
such as engineering and biotech, and are becoming more ambitious to solve
mass-market problems".

"Tech firms play a larger role in the economy of Cambridge than of any other UK
city. The greater region hosts 27,500 businesses, employing more than 700,000
people," it says.

"Their contribution to the local economy is estimated to be worth over £12bn.
There are now 1,500 tech firms in the city alone, employing around 40,000 people
- even though between 1988 and 2008, 42% of all high growth companies in the
cluster were acquired."

The report shows how Cambridge is a hidden engine powering the UK economy - a
claim that has been made in these pages for more than a decade.

But note the word "hidden". The report asks why such achievement has so little
national profile, with few people able to name the city's star companies.

"The main reason is that they sell to other businesses. They develop
state-of-the-art technologies and components that fit into other tech companies'
supply chains, so visibility is low, while impact and value is high. Cambridge
is bucking the trend and the economic downturn; it's time to put it in the
limelight."

A leading light in the city's business community, Dr David Cleevely, commented:
"This report is a great way of presenting the Cambridge success story. Written
by a respected company, it shows just what a power house Cambridge is for the UK
economy.

"We need to make more of what we do here - as the report says, Cambridge mostly
sells to other businesses so gets overlooked. But it's also a reminder that
marketing and sales is not just an afterthought - it is important for all our
companies and for Cambridge itself.

"The report picks up on some very important issues. Cambridge is not just one
cluster, it is many, and so has great strength to withstand economic woes as
well as the capacity to exploit whatever the future brings."

The full report - Cambridge: from the lab to the limelight is available as a pdf
from .

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CambridgeNews


                    Copyright 2011 Iliffe News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                            October 9, 2014 Thursday
                                 Hobart Edition

AMAYA SET TO SWAY IT AGAIN

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 255  words


MELBOURNE-based singer-songwriter Amaya Laucirica sways back into Hobart this
weekend to perform her upbeat psychedelic folk-pop tunes.

Laucirica announced her arrival on the Australian music scene in 2008 with the
release of her debut album Sugar Lights. But it was her second album, 2010's
denser and darker Early Summer, that exposed her sound to a wider audience.
Triple J selected Early Summer as its weekly Feature Album, describing it as "a
wistful, tender affair, full of dreamy melodies and sublime layers of sound".

In 2011 Laucirica was named by Rolling Stone magazine as one of the 10 most
exciting new female voices in Australian music, and she was also nominated as
female artist of the year at The Age EG awards.

She has gone on to tour with the likes of Blonde Redhead, Mark Lanegan
(Screaming Trees) and Adalita (Magic Dirt); perform live on the SBS program
RocKwiz; and has had her songs featured on NBC's Friday Night Lights and ABC's
The Slap.

Laucirica visited Hobart inÂ June to launch her third album Sway, which was
released in April.

Recorded by Dave McCluney (Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds) and mixed by Victor Van
Vugt (PJ Harvey, Beth Orton) in New York, Sway saw Laucirica further define her
signature style of ethereal, hypnotic pop music.

Now she's touring the country again this month, giving fans one last chance to
see her perform live before sheÂ relocates to Europe early next year. She plays
her only Tasmanian show on the lawns (weather permitting) at MONA in Berriedale
from 1pm on Saturday. Entry is free.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Hobart Mercury


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                     Swaylo

                         Steuart Tower 1 Market Street
                            San Francisco,  CA 94105
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.swaylo.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Swaylo offers you the opportunity to see what kind and how much attention
you're getting for the things you post, share, and like on social media
networks. Through detailed analysis of your social graph, Swaylo can accurately
reflect your Sway. Sway is the impact your online activities have in your social
circle and across the social graph. Using our service, you can track your sway
over time, and see how it compares to that of your friends, family,
acquaintances, and the general public.  We measure your Sway across 80
dimensions, and our engineers are constantly refining the algorithm to best
reflect and measure your online activity. We categorize these 80 dimensions into
4 main categories:   audience   The number of people in your network that
regularly engage with you.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 7,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              276 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

Scranton council candidate Perry wants temporary tax breaks; vows police
brothers won't sway him

BYLINE: Peter Cameron, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 348 words


Oct. 13--Democratic candidate for Scranton City Council Tim Perry suggested
offering tax breaks to lure potential homeowners to the city during a meeting
Monday with the the Times-Tribune editorial board.

The 41- year-old candidate wants the city to investigate whether temporary,
three-year breaks in wage taxes are possible under existing laws. He hopes the
tax break would entice people to buy homes in Scranton.

Taking advantage of the city's glut of housing and growing the tax base is the
legacy he wants to leave if elected to city council.

Mr. Perry, who now lives in South Scranton, won an uncontested Democratic
nomination for city council in May. On the ballot with him for two seats on
council is council President Bob McGoff, who is fighting cancer and announced he
likely will not be able to serve if elected. Two Republicans, current Councilman
Wayne Evans and David Burgerhoff, are also on the ballot for the four-year
seats.

Mr. McGoff has endorsed Mr. Perry and Mr. Evans in the Nov. 3 election.

The winners of the election will join Councilmen Pat Rogan, Bill Gaughan and Joe
Wechsler on the five-member council.

A longtime manager in the franchise restaurant industry in the area, Mr. Perry
touted his business experience and people skills as strengths for tackling the
city's problems.

Some of the largest are undoubtedly the police and fire contracts. Mr. Perry has
two brothers who are Scranton police officers. He said he is proud of the
dangerous and important work they do, but stressed his allegiance to the city as
a whole.

His family connections, he said, won't affect his decision-making.

"They can lobby all they want," he said of his brothers, "but they're not going
to get through to me."

Mr. Perry has been endorsed by the city firefighters union for the general
election, he said, and was endorsed by the police union for the primary
election.

Contact the writer:

pcameron@timesshamrock.com,

@pcameronTT on Twitter

___ (c)2015 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151013-YT-Scranton-council-candidate-Perry-wants-temporary-tax-breaks-vows-pol
ice-brothers-won-t-sway-him-1013-20151013

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Tribune


                              277 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             August 8, 2014 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Ninth-generation circus family wows at the Ex

BYLINE: Alyssa McMurtry, The Starphoenix

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 261 words


Circus performing is in the Nocks family DNA.

Their attachment to the big top goes back nine generations, to old European
circus acts.

This week, they are performing at the Saskatoon Ex, wowing audiences with their
risky climb up 24-metre (eight storey) sway poles.

The family and other performers with them are from Sarasota, Florida, home of
many other famous circus performers. Michelangelo Nock, the patriarch of the
group, said he loves the circus lifestyle. The travel, the freedom, the history
and the money are all part of it, he said.

The senior Nock tells great tales of his relatives performing with Walt Disney,
at the unveiling of the Sphinx in Egypt, and on the same episode of the Ed
Sullivan Show when the Beatles made their American television debut.

"When I was 10 I'd already travelled five times across the world," he said.

The work is dangerous, but he always ensures his equipment and riggings are
perfect.

"People like the danger, of course, and you're always flirting with disaster -
but no one wants to see a tragedy," he said, adding the family stays clean and
healthy to ensure the safety of the act.

Brandon Rodriguez, 18, also performs with the family.

"I love the life. You always meet new people, discover new cultures and
entertain," Rodriguez said.

Although they have made little tweaks over the past centuries, Nock said today's
performances are fundamentally the same as his ancestors' acts.

"You change some details or come up with something else, but really people were
doing this 1,000 years ago in China," he said.

amcmurtry@thestarphoenix.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Gord Waldner, The Starphoenix; Performer Brandon rodriguez
climbs 80 feet to the top of a sway pole at the saskatoon Ex.; Photos: Gord
Waldner, The Starphoenix;  Michelangelo Nock, right, and Brandon rodriguez of
Nerveless Nocks perform on sway poles at the south end of concession row at the
Ex.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Star Phoenix
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Defense Logistics Agency (Alabama) Issues
Solicitation for "SYNOPSIS"

LENGTH: 117  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Defense Logistics Agency, DLA Acquisition Locations officer has
issued requirement for "SYNOPSIS"

Solicitation No: SPRRA216R0070

Notice Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
Posted Date: August 2, 2016

Description: SENSOR SWAY, NSN: 1430-01-136-8860, P/N: 11461128
Added: Aug 02, 2016 3:53 pm
Sensor, Sway, NSN: 1430-01-136-8860, P/N: 11461128
Please consult the list of document viewers if you cannot open a file.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 334

Contact Details: Defense Logistics Agency Aviation AHA Martin Road, Building
5201 Redstone Arsenal, Alabama 35898-5280 United States

Point of Contact(s): Al J. Condino, Contract Specialist al.condino@dla.mil
Phone: 2569554972


LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday
                                 State Edition

Benefit at Sway aims to save lives

BYLINE: Michael Barnes American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 851 words


A small group of Austinites saved 58,000 lives at Sway one night last week.

It's astounding. The measles vaccine has been around for decades. One dose costs
$1.

Yet, according to the World Health Organization, in 2012, there were 122,000
measles deaths globally.

Why? Local resistance. Which is why the Red Cross/Red Crescent, with its 13
million local volunteers, is so crucial to ending the scourge. They speak the
language and know the culture.

And they have signed up with other health groups to wipe out measles by 2020. So
far only smallpox has been defeated. Close calls with other diseases, like
tuberculosis, were stymied by local holdouts, then vaccine resistance.

Red Cross of Central Texas usually focuses on local or regional issues. But at
Sway, this group that has developed its own distinct local identity raised a
precious $58,000. (The original goal was $50,000.)

David Melzer, general council and chief international officer for Red Cross, who
just escaped the snowstorm on the East Coast, proved quite eloquent in his plea.

Conservation luncheon

Always creative, the Nature Conservancy of Texas changed up its 50th anniversary
lunch by adding a panel talk moderated by the always nimble-witted state Sen.
Kirk Watson.

The panelists - Laura Huffman, Julio Boccaletti, David Banks - focused
separately on regional, national and international issues.

Tidbits in no particular order: The best way to keep water in Texas is to use
less of it as we expect population to increase to 50 million.... Africa will
have more than 3 billion people. People stress is its biggest problem... 86
percent of Texans live in big cities. Houston will double in size.... Austin's
efforts to protect the Edwards Aquifer are now a national model.

The Conservancy's umbrella group is prioritizing really wild places and those
with good governance in

Sub-Saharan Africa.... Response to climate change includes natural
infrastructure like oyster beds in Galveston Bay.

In Texas, use of surface water is in the public realm, but ground water is
private. Yet it's all the same water. How do you reconcile and protect?... 60
percent of water use in Texas goes to agriculture. Thirty percent of that is
lost because of irrigation methods.

Feed the Peace Awards

Lance Armstrong showed up. That's how strongly people feel about the Nobelity
Project and its Feed the Peace Awards. Bearded and baseball-hatted Armstrong,
who has kept a low profile in Austin for the past year or so, warmly
congratulated Nobelity founders Christi and Turk Pipkin off-dais last week.

Among the other celebrities who lent their support to the project that fills
essential needs from Bastrop to Katmandu were actor Kyle Chandler, musician Ben
Harper and comedian Ron White, who toasted his friends, Peace honorees John Paul
and Eloise DeJoria. Other Pipkin buds who delighted in the excellent dinner chat
and donated tens of thousands of dollars during the city's most efficient live
auction were arts advocate Suzanne Booth, mayoral hopeful Steve Adler, perennial
candidate Kinky Friedman, top socials such as Jack and Carla McDonald, Rusty and
Mary Tally, Rick and Karen Hawkins, and Eric and Maria Groten, as well as
musicians such as Gary P. Nunn, Carolyn Wonderland, Joe Ely, Kelly Willis, Bruce
Robison, Kathy Valentine, Jimmy Dale Gilmore, Lavelle White, Amy Cook and Amy
Nelson.

Super to greet actor Brad Leland and writer Larry Wright, too, and to meet
former VJ and current biz sharpie Adam Curry.

Philanthropy Day Awards

I endorse emcee Rebecca Powers' position: No award should consist of 32
syllables or more. Think: "Best Picture."

With that in mind, let me rephrase the high honors given before 800 guests
during the Philanthropy Day Lunch at the powered-up Hyatt Regency Austin.

Top award for giving went to incredibly thoughtful and generous Marc and Carolyn
Seriff.

AFP Austin chapter founder Chris Collier earned special laurels and gave an
inspiring speech. Amber Carden was named the top volunteer. Alyssa Epstein took
home the Kelly Davidson youth giving award. AFP saluted Kristi Katz Gordy as
lead giving pro.

Much-lauded RGK Foundation gained more honors for giving, and Greg Kozmetsky
accepted with brevity. IBM scored kudos for large Austin giving group.
Cook-Walden took prize for small/medium giving group.

Winter Reading Week

As regular followers of this column know, for 21 years, our friends have met at
Surfside on the Gulf Coast every February for a long, cozy feast of books,
magazines, movies, games, chat, walks, food and wine. If all goes well, as you
read this, about 30 friends will have joined us for the Winter Reading Week.

This grand tradition has been complemented for almost 10 years by the Summer
Reading Week.

In some ways, the Reading Weeks, inspired by an Iris Murdoch novel and
duplicated elsewhere by guests who have visited in the past, is the essence of
Out & About. It is echoed in our Wren Cottage Feasts for six guests at a time
here.

They are about people in a given place and time who share various threads of
history and culture.

Contact Michael Barnes at 512-445-3970 or mbarnes@statesman.com

Twitter: @outandabout

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 9, 2013 Saturday

OPINION: Comments can sway a person's view of a news story

BYLINE: Chad Killebrew, The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 727 words


March 09--Business owners will tell you word-of-mouth advertising can be the
most effective -- and also the most destructive. If customers praise an
establishment to their friends and family, then business can boom. But if
negative reviews start circulating, then business can suffer.

A new study shows a similar phenomenon can occur with online news stories, where
readers' reactions in the form of comments can sway other readers' perceptions.

Two of the authors of the study, Dominique Brossard and Dietram A. Scheufele,
wrote an opinion piece in The New York Times about "the nasty effect." They
created a news post on a fictitious blog along with reader comments. Half the
subjects read civil comments about the article while the other half read rude
ones.

Here's what they found: "Uncivil comments not only polarized readers, but they
often changed a participant's interpretation of the news story itself."

That's definitely a concern for journalists, who strive to present balanced and
unbiased stories. Readers need to develop their own response to stories and not
be swayed by what others may say. As we've often seen, far too often comments
can turn negative very quickly.

The subjects of articles are sometimes surprised and upset by this, and I can
understand that. Folks who aren't used to appearing in an article may wonder why
people's comments can be so ugly. Even those who are regularly quoted don't like
it when someone attacks them personally, rather than raising objections to their
position.

No one minds when someone takes an opposing viewpoint. For example, North
Carolina and Duke will square off in basketball Saturday. An article about the
game is going to generate comments from supporters of both teams, and they're
not going to find much about which to agree. But those fans can tout their
particular squad without calling someone stupid or an idiot just because they
pull for the other team.

Politics, of course, offers one of the most polarized areas for discussion.
Religion can be another. Any controversial issue brings the potential for the
debate to denigrate into name-calling and incivility.

A few years ago, the comments section for stories on the-dispatch.com switched
to a tie-in with Facebook. The goal was the comments would be less insulting if
someone's name and potentially photo appeared. Unfortunately, that doesn't stop
some people from leaving those negative comments.

Some people go to the trouble of creating fake accounts on Facebook so they
don't reveal their real names when they comment. If someone wants to comment,
then they certainly should have the courage to use their real name. We may
consider banning users who don't do that in the near future.

The Dispatch has only published anonymous letters to the editor in extreme
circumstances; I can recall only one since I became editor in February 2006. The
rules have always been a little bit different online, especially on forums,
which some have compared to the Old West for the level of negativity that can
develop. People there can choose their own online names, and rarely does someone
use their real name.

The level of ugliness often declines the more personal an interaction. Someone
will type something anonymously they won't say in a phone call. And the civility
usually increases even further in face-to-face meetings.

That's not to say every personal encounter is pleasant, but modern technology
has led to an increase in unkind and hurtful comments, I believe. Some folks
tend to be ornery no matter what, but the majority of people want to get along
with others. But it's much easier to vent when you don't have to look the person
in the eye.

Interaction with readers is key. On our website, that can come from reader
comments and forums. On Facebook, readers can leave comments and posts. It
allows our staff to know what issues concern readers and their thoughts on
articles.

I just encourage people to state their positions without resorting to
name-calling. Just because someone's viewpoint differs doesn't make them a bad
person. Life would be pretty dull if we all thought alike.

Chad Killebrew is executive editor of The Dispatch. He can be reached at
249-3981, ext. 215, or at chad.killebrew@the-dispatch.com

___ (c)2013 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. Visit The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. at
www.the-dispatch.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130309-1LN-OPINION-Comments-can-sway
-a-person-s-view-of-a-news-story-20130309

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LN


                  Copyright 2013 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.


                              281 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                               May 8, 2011 Sunday

CASE OF 20-20 HINDSIGHT - DESPITE UNCLE MO'S SCRATCH, RULES KEEP DERBY FIELD AT
19

BYLINE: FOUNTAINE

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 85

LENGTH: 276 words


LOUISVILLE, Ky. - One controversial aspect of the Kentucky Derby is the policy
of limiting the field to 20 starters based on their earnings in graded stakes
races, with no provision allowing horses that just miss the purse cutoff to draw
into the Derby field if there are any scratches.

The controversy reared its head Friday morning, when Uncle Mo scratched after
being entered Wednesday for a $25,000 fee. The colt had been battling an
intestinal ailment since the April 9 Wood Memorial, with owner Mike Repole
issuing daily warnings that he was just 50-50 to make the race. Betting on the
backstretch all week had him odds-on not to run.

When Uncle Mo did scratch, as everyone expected, trainer Todd Pletcher was asked
how he felt about excluding the California colt Sway Away, who was 21st on the
earnings list, from the Derby. He bristled at the question.

"We didn't enter on Wednesday to keep somebody out of the race," Pletcher said.
"It was a game-time decision from Day 1. I do feel badly for the connections of
Sway Away. But my responsibility was to Uncle Mo and Mike Repole to give the
horse every chance to get here. "If anyone has an issue with there not being an
also-eligible list, that's not for me to decide," Pletcher said. "You need to
take that up with Churchill Downs and the Kentucky Horse Racing Commission.

"We deserved - Uncle Mo deserved - every second the time frame allowed," he
added. "We said all along he was 50-50, and that's true of any horse. This game
is tough. A horse got kicked by his pony a few years ago [and had to scratch
after being entered].

"I feel badly for them. But not as badly as I feel for Mike Repole."

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SAFE! A woman plays slip and slide as fans party in the infield during
the 137th Kentucky Derby yesterday. Another fan (below) poses for the camera
wearing her Derby hat. (Getty Images (2))

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            March 29, 2008 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

Hotel's foundation OK, manager says

BYLINE: LEON STAFFORD; Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 288 words


The March 14 tornado may have taken out more than 100 windows at the Westin
Peachtree Plaza hotel, but the building did not shift and will not have to be
torn down.

Since the twister, hotel officials have been dealing with reports that the
72-floor building moved on its foundation and might have to be dismantled.

What the Westin actually did, said hotel General Manager Ed Walls, was sway at
its top, which skyscrapers are designed to do in strong winds. Some windows
cracked from stress caused by the swaying, he said.

The rumor that the hotel's foundation was damaged has made the job of getting
back to business even harder, said Walls, whose hotel continues to operate.

"It's killing us," he said. "We've had more customers calling us asking if it's
true. It's pretty outrageous."

The rumors began after WSB-TV reported that winds "shifted the entire Westin
Peachtree Plaza." The headline for the story on the station's Web site, however,
said: "Downtown Atlanta hotel sways 2 feet in storm."

The station quoted Walls on camera saying: "It is designed to move a couple of
feet, and I think it did."

According to Walls, he said more clearly that the building swayed, but his
comments were edited.

"It was a 20-minute conversation, and that was the quote," he said.

WSB-TV General Manager Bill Hoffman, who was returning from a news and marketing
meeting in Arizona on Friday, could not immediately be reached for comment.

Housh Rahimzadeh, an engineer on the construction of the John Portman-designed
building, said he inspected the building and found no evidence to substantiate
the rumors.

"The only way it could have shifted was for it to come off its foundation," he
said. "If that had happened, it would be on the ground right now."

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: JOHN SPINK / StaffHotel stands ground against shifty rumors.The
Westin Peachtree Plaza was mussed up a bit by the tornado, but the manager says
its foundation and future are firm as ever. Article, C2 (teaser)/ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              283 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              May 13, 2013 Monday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

A GENTLE TOUCH Volunteers use stop-&-frisk to sway election

BYLINE: BY SIMONE WEICHSELBAUM NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: BRONX BORO NEWS; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 471 words


THE stop-and-frisk movement is banking on Brooklyn and the Bronx to sway the
race for mayor to the left.

Armed with voter-registration forms, civil-rights advocates are visiting
neighborhoods with high counts of police street interrogations, reasoning that
young people will help elect a candidate who will revamp the controversial NYPD
practice.

"We want a mayor who is going to pursue criminal justice policies that are not
just about solving crimes or stopping crimes," said NYCLU Executive Director
Donna Lieberman.

NYCLU is part of Communities United for Police Reform, a patchwork of about a
dozen nonprofits leading the sign-up-to-vote drive across the city.

Volunteers poured into 13 neighborhoods across the city since they kicked off
their campaign last week.

About 1,000 new voters have already been signed up.

"Stop-and-frisk is a critical issue in the mayoral election," Lieberman said.

Kings County led the city in NYPD street stops in 2011, police data showed. And
a NYCLU analysis said the central Bronx - where cops patted people down 80% of
the time - had the highest frisk rate in 2011.

Meanwhile, 14- to 24-year-olds were involved in 49% of police stops citywide
that year.

Despite the daily complaints of police harrassment from teens and
twenty-somethings, political experts said the young rarely vote - even during an
election cycle in which the issues that affect them could be the focus.

Voters under the age of 30 made up 4% of the ballots cast when Mayor Bloomberg
snagged his third term in 2009, according to an estimate by the New York City
Campaign Finance Board.

"There is no question that young people vote less frequently than older voters,"
said NYCCFB spokesman Matt Sollars.

The only mayoral hopeful to call for an end to the controversial NYPD practive
has been City Controller John Liu. During a candidates debate Thursday at a
Harlem church, Public Advocate Bill de Blasio called it a "broken policy."

Others have been less critical, but have called for reforms ranging from
increased city oversight to upping the number of veteran cops in areas where
stops have been most common.

"The issue of stop-and-frisk is immensely complicated, but the politics of it
are very -straightforward," said Michael Tobman, a city-based campaign
consultant.

Because of the number of candidates vying to run City Hall, relatively few votes
could influence the outcome of the Democratic primary, which is only four months
away, Tobman said.

Still, the challenge will be convincing black and Latino men under the age of
30, from the city's stop-and-frisk hotzones, to vote in the next election.

"The youth don't care about politics. They are just looking about how to get
their next dollar," said Antonio Avera, 24, a fashion designer from Brownsville.

"The only people who care are our grandmothers."

simonew@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Latino and African-American workers, students and local elected
officials march over Brooklyn Bridge and rally in City Hall Park in 2012 to
protest NYPD's stop-and-frisk policies. Activists are banking on young people
who are against the policy to sway mayoral vote. Photo by Bryan Smith
Stop-&-frisk remains contentious issue in the city. Photo by Mark
Bonifacio/Daily News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Daily News, L.P.


                              284 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              July 30, 2004 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BEST BETS

SECTION: Pg. FF-10

LENGTH: 741 words


Unless otherwise noted, tickets are available from

TicketMaster, 303-555-0459 or

ticketmaster.com ----- FRI. The cool crooner

POP|When Chris Isaak croons, the ladies swoon. When Isaak sways, the ladies sway
. And when Isaak plays Denver, as he's doing tonight at the Universal Lending
Pavilion, the boyfriends and husbands take one for the team and head out for a
night of hand-holding duties.|8 p.m.

Friday.|Universal Lending Pavilion, Pepsi Center grounds; $45-$55; Ticketmaster.

Smooth operator

headlines music

festival

JAZZ|Guitarist and singer George Benson has admirably weathered the changes of
the jazz and pop worlds since his apprenticeship with organist Brother Jack
McDuff in the early '60s. He worked with performers as stylistically diverse as
Miles Davis and Benny Goodman before his surprising transformation into one of
the earliest smooth jazz stars. At 61, Benson is an elder statesman of laid-back
soul, and he's the ideal headliner for radio station CD-104.3's first Denver
Smooth Jazz Festival. Saxophonist Dave Koz and Friends and vocalist Will Downing
also will appear.|5 p.m. today|Coors Amphitheatre; $18.93-$83.50 through
Ticketmaster; information at www.CD1043.com.

Multimedia

production

POETRY/MUSIC/FILM|

"Nuba" is the award-winning monthly poetry and film set featuring flamboyant
local poet and MC Lady Speech, along with a cadre of hot lyricists and boomin'
DJs. Tonight's installment at The Construct Arts Collective spotlights DJs DSRN
& MUSA, poet Bianca Mican and the underground films "The Call" and "The Ball."
As always, It Takes A Village offers free HIV testing during the event. |8 p.m.
today|The Construct Arts Collective, 3519 Brighton Blvd.; $10.

SAT. Blue moon, full moon

NATURE|The Plains Conservation Center's monthly moon walk is for adults only
this time. Participants can enjoy the nighttime sights and sound of the prairie.
The evening ends with a campfire and refreshments. Reservations are
required.|7:30 p.m. Saturday|Plains Conservation Center, 21901 E. Hampden Ave.,
Aurora; $5 for nonmembers, free for members; 303-693-3621. SUN.

A different side of "9/11"

FILM|If you're looking to augment your reading of "The 9/11 Commission Report"
as well as get a less Michael Moore-spun take on some of the more controversial
assertions of "Fahrenheit 9/11," check out Sut Jhally and Jeremy Earp's
"Hijacking Catastrophe: 9/11, Fear & the Selling of American Empire."
Discussions follow each screening.|5, 7 and 9 p.m. Sunday.$5| suggested
donation; Starz FilmCenter, Ninth Street and Auraria Parkway at Tivoli;
720-841-6165.

THE WEEKEND An artful weekend

ARTS FESTIVAL|Fifty local and regional artists offer works from a variety of
media, including jewelry, photography, painting, sculpture and pottery. An
interactive area for children, music, and food and beverage vendors also are
part of the event.|10 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday and Sunday|Lakewood's Heritage
Center, 801 S. Yarrow St., Lakewood; $1-$2; 303-987-7850.

THE WEEK "The Hobbit"

THEATER|The wizard Gandalf and a company of noble dwarfs take Bilbo Baggins from
his comfortable hobbit hole and accompany him on a dangerous adventure in this
professional adaptation of J.R.R. Tolkien's classic book. The production
features student actors from the Wolf Theatre Academy.|7:30 p.m. Wednesday, 1
and 7:30 p.m. Thursday and Aug. 8, and 10 a.m. Aug. 6|Mizel Center for Arts and
Culture, 350 S. Dahlia St.; $8 and $10; 303-316-6360.

These Boyz

are men

OLD-SCHOOL R&B|Go retro Tuesday as Boyz II Men and En Vogue commandeer the Coors
Amphitheatre for a night of celebration. It's all part of the Jammin' 92.5 Block
Party, and the bill also includes Cameo, Silk, Ohio Players and the Sugarhill
Gang.|5 p.m. Tuesday.|Coors Amphitheatre; $19.25-$75; Ticketmaster. ---- Going,
going ...

Catch these events before they disappear.

Colorado Renaissance Festival

FESTIVAL|Jousting knights, blacksmiths, artisans, entertainers and food vendors
bring the Renaissance to Colorado.|ENDS SUNDAY|Colorado Renaissance Festival
grounds, 650 W. Perry Park Ave., Larkspur; Saturday and Sunday, 10 a.m.-6:30
p.m.; $15.95 adults, $8 children ages 5-12, free for ages 5 and under.
303-688-6010 www.coloradorenaissance.com

"Quilters"

THEATER|The Aurora Fox's musical presentation of the narrative tales of women
who survived and flourished amid the harshness of the 1870s American West.|ENDS
SUNDAY|9900 E. Colfax Ave.; final performances 7:30 p.m. Friday-Saturday; 2 p.m.
Sunday. $18-$20 (303-739-1970)

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEFS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         School Library Journal Reviews

                                  May 1, 2012

. Sway

BYLINE: Jenny Berggren

SECTION: THE BOOK REVIEW; Grades 5-up; Pg. 124 Vol. 58 No. 05

LENGTH: 227 words


Gr 4-6--Cass Nordenhauer, 10, wants to be just like her mom, who is a
disaster-response volunteer. Toodi Bleu's life is so exciting--she's off
rescuing people for months at a time, while Cass is stuck at home in Alabama
with her boring dad.

Cass has high hopes that she'll accompany her mom on some missions this summer,
but instead, Toodi runs off with a man she met doing rescue work. The story
really takes off when Cass's father steps up to provide his daughter with
another sort of summer adventure--crisscrossing the South in a beat-up RV named
The Roast, giving away something called Sway. He has a suitcase full of soap
slivers, all supposedly belonging to famous historical figures. Anyone who
washes with one will get some sway, taking on the characteristics of its
previous owner. This leads to many memorable (if a little sappy) encounters and
exchanges among Cass, her dad, and the folks they meet, as well as some painful
truths that Cass learns about her parents and life itself. The colorful writing
can be a little much (like Toodi's constant rhyming couplets), and Cass's
believability is strained at times (what 10-year-old can recognize fake antiques
but accepts that the soap slivers really belonged to Napoleon and Mother
Teresa?), but by the end, Cass will have worked her quirky way into readers'
hearts.--Jenny Berggren, New York Public Library

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2012 Library Journals, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                              June 1, 2010 Tuesday

Jongleurs boostingi ts comedy club presence in region

LENGTH: 288 words



HIGHLIGHT: COMEDY group Jongleurs today announced plans to bolster its Yorkshire
presence as it adds six new clubs this year following a £2m investment.


The chain, which has a venue in Wakefield, is to open in Sheffied as well as in
Nottingham, Cambridge, Liverpool, Manchester and Newcastle, as part of a joint
venture with the UK's largest private bar and club operator Novus Leisure. There
are also plans for further rollouts in 2011.

The latest expansion plans follow the opening of three new clubs already this
year, including a flagship club at Sway, which is owned by Novus Leisure, in
Covent Garden.

The group said it was seeing strong demand for its new comedy package, Jongleurs
Posh, at its Sway venue, which offers a three course dinner, table service and
four stand-up acts for £40.

John Davy, Jongleurs co-owner, said: "This fresh investment will help bring our
unique offering to even more customers and new audiences.

"The appetite for a complete comedy and entertainment experience is stronger
than ever and we are experiencing unprecedented demand from corporate and larger
group bookings in particular who are looking for an entertainment
one-stop-shop."

Jongleurs was launched in 1983 by Maria Kempinska, who is still co-owner of the
the business, above a pub in Battersea, London.

In 1985 she joined forces with Mr Davy, and the two of them built up the
Jongleurs brand, with its comedy nights playing host to then unknown performers,
including the likes of Paul Merton and Mike Myers. Jongleurs later formed a
partnership with Regent Inns, which led to it opening 15 venues across the
country.

But in 2009 Regent Inns went into administration and the Jongleurs name and
rights reverted to the original founders Ms Kempinska and Mr Davy.

Regent emerged from a pre-pack administration as Intertain and has renamed its
venues that previously traded as Jongleurs, Highlights.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YPOS


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              May 20, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Dance City gets handicapper's nod

BYLINE: Scott Finley

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 772 words


In a season of surprise victories, Animal Kingdom added to the upsets by running
away with the Kentucky Derby as a 20-1 outsider. The key question entering the
136th Preakness Stakes on Saturday: Will the uncertainty continue, or will
Animal Kingdom put together three consecutive victories and emerge from Maryland
as a legitimate Triple Crown contender?

A full field of 14 horses will face the starter at Pimlico Race Course, and nine
of them did not run at Churchill Downs. It seems as if few are afraid to take on
Animal Kingdom, often a telling sign that racing industry insiders perceive the
Derby winner as beatable in Baltimore.

Historically, Preakness runners who did not make their previous start in
Kentucky have fared poorly. Supporting statistics reveal that, in the last
decade, 23 of 30 Preakness trifecta slots have been filled by horses that last
raced in Kentucky.

Since 2000 three Derby winners have failed to finish in the money at Pimlico.
One was ill-fated Barbaro, who broke down shortly after the start as the
Preakness favorite in 2006; another was Super Saver in 2010.

Yet in a year filled with upsets, that trend should prevail and a new face,
Dance City, is the tip to wear the blanket of black-eyed Susans draped over the
Preakness winner's shoulders.

After finishing a determined third to Archarcharch in the Arkansas Derby in
April, Dance City failed to make the 20-horse cut for the Kentucky Derby because
of a lack of earnings. While stabled at Churchill Downs earlier this month, the
Todd Pletcher trainee has worked brilliantly in the mornings and heads into a
Preakness field void of the first two finishers from Arkansas; either of them,
if starting Saturday, would have been strong second favorites to Animal Kingdom.

Dance City breaks from Post 8 under champion jockey Ramon Dominguez, who should
have his mount forwardly placed while avoiding a speed duel up front. With a
trouble-free trip, Dance City can take the lead midway through the far turn and
hold off the late charges of Animal Kingdom and Dialed In.

Pletcher won the Kentucky Derby last year with Super Saver and trained Uncle Mo,
the prerace Derby favorite this year before being withdrawn because of illness
on the eve of the race. A lightly raced son of City Zip, Dance City can give
Pletcher his first Preakness victory Saturday and pay a fitting tribute to
owner-breeder Edward "Ned" Evans, who recently died.

The Preakness looks to be run at a quicker pace than the Derby, as Shackleford
will not get the easy lead he enjoyed at Churchill Downs. Flashpoint has pressed
or set the pace in each of his three lifetime starts and breaks from Post 4,
immediately to the inside of Shackleford. These two should lead the field from
the start, chased by Astrology (1) and Concealed Identity (13).

Mucho Macho Man and Dance City likely will sit a few lengths off the leaders
down the backstretch. Racing luck and riding tactics could make the difference
as to which of those two gets past the tiring front-runners when the real racing
begins midway on the final turn. Dominguez usually finds the way through the
gaps and was the leading jockey in Maryland when he first moved to the USA from
his native Venezuela.

If not regressing off his big Derby effort, Animal Kingdom can again deliver a
solid effort and looks certain to be a trifecta factor. Dialed In should also
run better than he did at Churchill Downs and should close strongly.

Dance City offers great value at his projected morning-line odds of 12-1, and a
win/place wager is recommended. Combine the selection in exactas and trifectas
with Mucho Macho Man, Dialed In and Animal Kingdom. Bettors with bigger
bankrolls might also include King Congie and Sway Away underneath on trifecta
and superfecta tickets.

Scott Finley has handicapped the Triple Crown for more than 25 years. He has
tipped seven of the last 10 Preakness winners, including Lookin At Lucky in
2010.

List

How the turf writers see it

Jerry Bossert New York Daily News  Sway Away Joe Drape  The New York Times
Animal Kingdom Robert Ehalt  NTRA.com  Sway Away Ed Fountaine New York Post
Animal Kingdom David Grening  Daily Racing Form  Sway Away Beth Harris The
Associated Press  Animal Kingdom  Scott Hazelton HRTV  Dialed In Tom Law
Thoroughbred Times  Dialed In  Tim Layden  Sports Illustrated  Animal Kingdom
Sandra McKee The Baltimore Sun  Norman Asbjornson Ed McNamara  New York Newsday
Animal Kingdom Tom Pedulla  USA TODAY  Dialed In  Jennie Rees  The (Louisville)
Courier-Journal  Animal Kingdom  Tim Wilkin Albany (N.Y.) Times-Union  Mucho
Macho Man  Alicia Wincze  Lexington (Ky.) Herald-Leader  Animal Kingdom

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Rob Carr, Getty Images

DOCUMENT-TYPE: HORSE RACING

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Philadelphia Daily News

                           October 11, 2006 Wednesday

L & I urges inspection this week

BYLINE: STEVE KING, kings@phillynews.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 81

LENGTH: 677 words


Following fans' complaints of a swaying ramp at Lincoln Financial Field, city
Licenses and Inspection commissioner Robert Solvibile wants an independent
investigation to be completed before the weekend.

Solvibile called for the investigation of all ramps, even though an L&I
inspection yesterday showed "no signs of distress" for the ramp that fans
complained about, in the northeast corner of the stadium.

Reached last night, Solvibile said the inspection is recommended, but not
mandatory. He said he wants an independent registered engineer to inspect the
ramps, under city supervision.

He wants the report done by tomorrow, or Friday at the latest.

Eagles communications director Bonnie Grant said the team is cooperating fully
with L & I.

The Eagles' next home game is Oct. 29, against Jacksonville. Temple football,
which drew 13,704 for its Oct. 7 game, does not play at the Linc until Oct. 28.

L & I visited the stadium yesterday morning, 2 days after, according to fans,
the ramp swayed as they left after the Eagles' win Sunday over the Dallas. A
sellout crowd of 69,268 attended the game.

"From more visual inspections, [the ramp] did not move as much as being
reported," Solvibile said. "Was there movement? Yes. But 4 feet? No."

Solvibile said the department "observed in great detail and concluded that there
were no problems or structural damage." He added that the ramps inside the
3-year-old stadium are designed to allow for movement and are not unsafe.

Stadium architect Ron Turner, of RTKL Architects in Los Angeles, had not heard
about the situation until yesterday evening and did not wish to comment without
hearing more about it.

As fans left Sunday's game, some said they feared for their safety as they
walked down the northeast corner exit near the Pepsi gate of Section 231.

Danny Coleman, of Philadelphia, who attended the game, wrote in an e-mail to the
Daily News, that "it was one of the scariest things I have ever experienced."

"About 1/3 the way down, the ramps began to bounce and sway. It gave you a sick
feeling when it began. I took off and ran the rest of the way down," Coleman
wrote.

According to some engineering experts, the movement in the ramp that fans
referred to is known as "lateral vibration," which allows a building to have
some give to handle an extensive amount of people at one period of time.

Henri Gavin, a civil engineering professor at Duke University, said most
buildings are designed for strength or serviceability. Designing for strength
means the structure won't fall or collapse, whereas designing for
serviceability, for structures such as bridges, walkways and skyscrapers, takes
into account meeting the occupants' needs.

"The walkway at Lincoln Financial Field might not have been in danger of
imminent collapse. However, it appears that it did not perform to the standards
of the occupants, and therefore did not meet serviceability requirements," Gavin
said.

Linda Hanagan, an architect and engineering professor at Penn State, said it is
not uncommon for people to exaggerate the amount of motion they feel when a
structure starts to sway.

"Oftentimes, people's claims are not dishonest; they truly believe that what
they reported happened," she said. "All structures are going to move. The
question is, is it perceptible?"

She added that when people walk on bridges or ramps, they have a sight line to
focus on. When that sight line appears to move too fast, the body naturally
panics, whereas if the same sight line were moving at a slower pace over time,
it would go unnoticed.

Michael McGraw, of Philadelphia, said he understands structures are supposed to
have some sway, but compared walking down the ramp Sunday to walking in a fun
house.

"There was a similar sway after the NFC Championship Game [in January 2005]
against Atlanta, which I attributed to the windy conditions that day. But no
such conditions existed on Sunday, and the swaying was considerably worse than
it was after the Atlanta game," McGraw said.

"I don't care if I have to wait an hour for the escalator. I won't take that
ramp again."

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 24, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Black Activists Rally for Kerry in N.Va.;
Event's Organizers Hope State's Voters Will Halt Republican Dominance

BYLINE: Steven Ginsberg, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; C07

LENGTH: 546 words


After nearly two hours of hobnobbing, sampling gourmet dishes and listening to
reasoned speeches, the group of several hundred African American Democrats
charged into a chant that got right to the point of their get-together
yesterday: "Hey, ho! Bush has got to go!"

The cry expressed the feelings seemingly of everyone at a rally sponsored by the
Virginia Congressional Black Caucus in Alexandria. Whether they were college
students, Democratic Party leaders or residents and politicians from Northern
Virginia, the crowd was united in its desire to elect Sen. John F. Kerry (Mass.)
president and to work as hard as possible  the next nine days to make that
happen.

President Bush "is like a bug on the floor who needs to be stepped on and
squashed," Alexandria resident Vannessa Anderson said, explaining why she has
been pounding on doors, passing out pamphlets and trying to sway neighbors to
oppose the president. "He's not interested in low-income people, and he doesn't
recognize minorities."

Organizers said yesterday's rally was designed to stir passions among African
Americans and young voters in Virginia for this year's presidential election,
one in which state leaders think Virginia can turn Democratic for the first time
since 1964 despite minimal attention from the Kerry campaign.

"We are a swing state if we can get much of the African American vote," said
Alexandria Mayor William D. Euille (D), adding that it is just as critical to
get black voters to the polls.

Both parties believe that African Americans could be pivotal on Election Day,
and Democrats have targeted the traditionally left-leaning group as key to
helping Kerry in such closely contested states as Ohio and Pennsylvania.
Republicans have tried to sway some black voters by suggesting that Democrats
take them for granted, while others agree with the president's positions
regarding gay marriage.

A national survey released last week found that 18 percent of black voters were
willing to vote for Bush, 10 percentage points higher than Bush's total in exit
polling in 2000. The national opinion survey -- released by the Joint Center for
Political and Economic Studies, an African American think tank -- also found
that 69 percent of blacks planned to vote for Kerry.

African Americans who attended the rally at the Hilton Alexandria Mark Center
cited jobs, health care, the Iraq war and sensitivity to minority issues as
their main concerns.

Davon Gray, a former candidate for state and local office from Prince William
County, said Kerry's support among Virginians is "surprising. This is not always
a state that would be friendly to a Massachusetts senator, but people are just
ticked off with what's going on with the war and the economy."

The event was also meant to appeal to young voters, another group Republicans
and Democrats say could turn the election. Maurice Franklin, a senior at Hampton
University, said he found the affair appealing. Franklin plans to graduate in
the spring, and in addition to the war in Iraq, he is worried that the
investment banking job he covets will be outsourced.

And if things don't work out his way in this election, he's got a political plan
for the future. "I'd like to be a senator some day," he said with a shy grin.
"Everybody has dreams."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              290 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2013 Saturday

Washington: Barely Alive Pony Finds Happy Home

LENGTH: 424  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Humane Society of the United States has issued the following news release:

Nothing could have prepared law enforcement officials for what they found when
they responded to reports of animal cruelty on two separate properties in North
Dakota.

Barely alive
The scene was horrific--bodies of horses with their heads stuck through the
fence, indicating they were trying desperately to reach the hay on the other
side, and living horses who were covered in ringworm, full of internal
parasites, and emaciated. Between the two properties, both owned by the same
man, the bodies of 99 deceased horses and 157 sick, but alive, horses were found
with little access to food or shelter amid brutal winter weather.

Team work
Immediately, organizations from all over the area came to the aid of the
animals, including The Humane Society of the United States, whose North Dakota
state director Karen Thunshelle delivered blankets to keep the horses protected
in the blizzard conditions. Even the Sheriff's Department and State Attorney's
staff volunteered to care for the animals.

Triple H Miniature Horse Rescue, a local equine rescue, took 29 of the horses
who were in the worst condition. Most of them scored a one on the Henneke horse
body condition scoring system, meaning their state was as bad as could be and
still be alive. Sway, so-named by one of the vet techs during the rescue because
of her extraordinarily swayed back, was one of them. As the weeks passed, the
horses healed in the care of Alison Smith, founder of Triple H Miniature Horse
Rescue, and volunteers. The sight of protruding hip bones and ribs faded, and
the horses regained a healthy condition.

Just one remains
Over time, each of the horses at Triple H Miniature Horse Rescue were adopted,
except one--Sway. At more than 20 years of age, with a back condition, and blind
in one-eye, Sway was not a candidate for riding and was rarely considered by
potential adopters. Thankfully, Sway's chance for a happy home came when
Thunshelle, who assisted with the re-homing of many of the horses, coordinated
with Duchess Sanctuary to provide sanctuary for her.
On July 21, Sway, now named Nellie, arrived at Duchess Sanctuary in Oregon. Just
13 hands tall, she is small in stature but has proven to have a big personality.
She talks to staff and volunteers every morning at breakfast time and
particularly enjoys grooming. The quick work and collaboration of multiple
individuals and organizations made her bright future possible.

For more information please visit: http://www.humanesociety.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

UAA student film premiering with live orchestra soundtrack as part of 'ARTic
Convergence'

LENGTH: 205 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Anchorage Alaska: University of Alaska Anchorage has issued the following news
release:



  UAA students from the departments of Journalism & Communication and Theater &
Dance came together to create a film for ARTic Convergence, a new artistic
endeavor from the Anchorage Symphony.





 The student-made film, "When She Begins to Sway," explores the commitment level
of a couple's relationship after an argument-to stay or leave. Can trust and
forgiveness be reached, or is it too late? Will your last words be the final
farewell? The film merges narrative fiction cinematography with dance theater
choreography, and features the Anchorage Symphony Orchestra composition "Lamma
Bada."



 "When She Begins to Sway" will premiere as part of the first ARTic Convergence
concert on March 26, at 8 p.m., in the Sydney Laurence Theatre. The night will
feature original short films with a live soundtrack by the Anchorage Symphony
Orchestra. Maestro Randy Fleischer will lead a Q-and-A session after the
concert, allowing audiences to hear directly from the filmmakers and musicians.
Tickets are on sale now at CenterTix.net.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            April 2, 2008 Wednesday

GREEN FLAG: NEWS AND NOTES

BYLINE: By DON COBLE

SECTION: Pg. E-4

LENGTH: 414 words


NO ATLANTA TIRES

Drivers were relieved to discover that the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co. won't
use the same tires from last month's Kobalt Tools 500 at Atlanta at this week's
race in Texas.

Atlanta Motor Speedway and Texas Motor Speedway are similar in size, shape and
speed, so many drivers were worried that Goodyear would use the rock-hard tires
that sparked heavy criticism after the Atlanta race.

Although nobody tested at Texas in preparation for Sunday's Samsung 500, Jeff
Gordon said anything different from the Atlanta tires will be a relief.

"As far as Texas, I don't really know," he said. "None of us tested there. I
didn't test there. I mean, they might have tested some tires or something there,
so I didn't really get a recap on what's going on there, other than I heard good
things.

"You know, that track is not as abrasive as, say, Atlanta, and so I feel like
Goodyear is pretty confident with what they're taking there. I'm much more
concerned with just our setup and what we have with this car at that track
because we've never been there with this car."

SWAY-BAR SAGA

Although Michael Waltrip continues to say it was an honest mistake when his team
wound up with a specialty sway-bar created at Roush Fenway Racing, few believe
him because he tried to have the part duplicated.

Car owner Jack Roush said he won't push for any further sanctions from NASCAR or
the courts.

Waltrip said he continues to operate his three-car team with simple, honest
rules.

"We were talking, and I told [business partner Rob Kaufmann] that I've always
had two rules in business, and one is not to do something that would get me shot
or beat up, and another is not to do anything that would get me thrown in jail,"
Waltrip said.

The sway-bar helps keep the car from leaning in the corners. It was returned to
Roush more than three months after it was taken from a toolbox last September in
Dover, Del.

SPONSORSHIP NEWS

UPS apparently is shopping its sponsorship among five teams for the 2009 season.

The overnight delivery company currently sponsors the No. 44 Toyota of David
Reutimann. That team is one of the five finalists.

UPS said it hopes to pick a team in the next two months.

At the same time, several sources said General Foods is planning to move its
sponsorship from Petty Enterprises and the No. 43 Dodge to a fourth team at
Richard Childress Racing.

It has been reported for a month that Bobby Labonte and General Mills both will
move to Childress -- perhaps before the current season is over.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Florida Times-Union


                              293 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

Packers' Cook took one beak and sent his order back

BYLINE: NICOLE NORFLEET; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 247 words



HIGHLIGHT: Tight end said he found fried chicken head in his Buffalo Wild Wings
order.


Green Bay Packers tight end Jared Cook said he went to a Buffalo Wild Wings
restaurant earlier this week for some chicken wings, but he ended up being
served a part of the bird that he didn't expect - a head.

On Friday morning, Cook tweeted a picture of a fried chicken head with its beak
agape on a fork on top of what appears to be a Buffalo Wild Wings wrapper. By
midday, Cook's post had been retweeted and liked more than 4,000 times on the
social network.

"This happened Tuesday when I went to eat @BWWings How Sway? How?" he wrote.

("How Sway?" is a Kanye West reference which is basically the equivalent of
asking how something is possible.)

He said in a follow-up tweet: "tongue, eyes, and beak all present. With extra
seasoning."

According to the Herald Times Reporter in Manitowoc, Wis., Cook was eating at a
Buffalo Wild Wings in Ashwaubenon, Wis.

In a statement provided to the Star Tribune, the Golden Valley-based chicken
chain said, "Buffalo Wild Wings takes food preparation, service and quality
extremely seriously and we are looking into this situation. We've reached out to
Jared Cook and our suppliers for more information."

A spokesperson for the Green Bay Packers wasn't immediately available Friday for
comment.

In response to a question on Twitter about what the restaurant staff said after
he alerted them to the problem, Cook tweeted that they said: "sorry
unfortunately this happens because the chicken is fresh."

Nicole Norfleet · 612-673-4495

Twitter: @nicolenorfleet

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                            January 12, 2009 Monday

DIPLOMACY;
Blair overestimated his influence on Bush's Middle East policy, says Lord Levy

BYLINE: David Blair Diplomatic Editor

SECTION: NEWS; International; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 474  words


TONY BLAIR enjoyed only "peripheral'' influence over George W Bush and overrated
his ability to sway the US president, according to Lord Levy, the former Middle
East envoy.

Mr Blair is expected at the White House tomorrow to collect the Presidential
Medal of Freedom, America's highest civilian award, from Mr Bush during his last
week in office.

But Lord Levy, one of Mr Blair's closest allies who served as his Middle East
envoy for nine years, said that Britain's influence was strictly limited.

Mr Blair always sought to persuade Mr Bush to place America's full weight behind
the search for peace between Israel and the Palestinians. Mr Blair "always
regarded this as a very, very important issue'', he said.

Despite joining America's invasion of Iraq and offering unqualified support for
the "war on terrorism'', Mr Blair was unable to sway Mr Bush on the search for
peace in the Middle East. "I was always convinced that when Blair thought that
he'd moved Bush to a different place on this, he hadn't done so at all,'' said
Lord Levy. "Once Blair was off the phone or Blair was out of Washington, Bush
would then listen to others or Bush would then decide that the real progress
that was needed here - that the real commitment that was needed - was not
there.''

Britain's influence on the Middle East was only peripheral, added Lord Levy, and
"the same with regard to the influence that Blair had on Bush''.

During his presidency, Bill Clinton devoted immense efforts to the search for a
settlement between Israel and the Palestinians. Lord Levy said this "baton'' had
then been passed to Mr Bush.

"Where did it end up?'' he asked. "Did they run forward with it? Did they move
forward with it? To me, it was tucked away in the cupboard.'' Mr Bush's
engagement in the search for peace was sporadic until the last phase of his
presidency. In November 2007, his administration called both sides to a summit
in Annapolis, Maryland, and began a new drive for a settlement.

Condoleezza Rice, the US Secretary of State, promised to broker an
Israeli-Palestinian agreement before Mr Bush left office. Israel has conducted
peace talks with the official Palestinian leadership under Mahmoud Abbas ever
since. But no settlement has emerged.

Lord Levy said this came too late in Mr Bush's presidency. "You look at some of
this and you think, 'Is this the real world?' This is fantasy time. You cannot
expect in the last period to try to accelerate a process which for so many
years, during a two-term presidency, has just been left on the back-burner.''

Lord Levy urged President-Elect Barack Obama to make resolving the Arab-Israeli
conflict his first priority when he takes office next week.

He recommended that Mr Obama appoint a personal envoy, who should live in the
Middle East, without "flitting in and out'' and give the problem his "entire
focus''.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             April 17, 2015 Friday

Activist shareholders urge Chevron to stop spending money on politics

BYLINE: By Karina Ioffee Bay Area News Group

SECTION: BREAKING; Financial Markets; News; Business

LENGTH: 867 words


Activist shareholders are pushing Chevron to stop using corporate money to
influence elections as part of a growing effort to raise awareness about money
in politics after the oil giant spent an unprecedented $3 million last year to
sway Richmond voters.

On May 27, Chevron shareholders will decide on a series of proposals at their
annual meeting, including three that deal specifically with disclosing
charitable contributions, lobbying and funding political campaigns.

The resolutions are meant to underline the oil company's massive political sway,
including millions spent during November's Richmond City Council race to support
some candidates -- who all lost -- and oppose others. The company also made a
$2.5 million donation to the Congressional Leadership Fund in 2012, the largest
single corporate donation to a SuperPAC.

Shareholder resolutions are nothing new. But since the U.S. Supreme Court ruled
in 2010 that corporations have First Amendment rights and can spend unlimited
funds to influence elections, more and more shareholder proposals have focused
on corporate transparency and getting money out of politics, according to Afra
Afsharipour, a law professor at the UC Davis School of Law.

Most of those efforts have not been successful. Still, the act of placing such a
resolution on a proxy statement -- a type of ballot seen by all Chevron
stockholders -- forces the issue to be discussed at the board meeting, and the
company to issue a response, Afsharipour said.

"From a tangible standpoint it's not much, but from an intangible standpoint it
does allow for greater disclosure so you can figure out where the money is going
and that's important for the larger integrity of our system," Afsharipour said.
"It's all about the optics and the soft pressure on the board. So even if a
resolution doesn't pass, it still brings the issues to light. ... Companies and
boards are paying attention."

In 2014 alone, 126 shareholder resolutions focusing on political and lobbying
activities were introduced, according to Institutional Shareholder Services, as
more critics look for an entry point into corporate board rooms to air their
grievances.

Anyone who has held a minimum of $2,000 in company stock for at least a year is
allowed to submit a proposal, which must first be vetted by the Securities and
Exchange Commission before showing up in the company's proxy statement. Names of
individuals or groups are not revealed unless they decide to come forward, such
as Green Century Capital Management, a Boston investment advisory firm that is
behind the resolution calling on Chevron to stop spending corporate funds on
elections.

"We were prompted to file in light of the growing spending spree by Chevron,
such as the millions spent on the Richmond City Council election last year,"
said Libby O'Connell, an advocacy and business development associate at the
firm. "The shareholder process is very democratic, so even small investors can
raise their concerns to the board. They get a seat at the table."

Chevron has defended its spending, saying in its proxy statement response to the
resolution to ban campaign contributions that it does so with the interests of
its shareholders in mind. The company wrote that "barring it from legally
participating in the political process would undermine Chevron's voice and
position within the energy industry."

The company further stated that the money spent on the Richmond City Council
election "was used to fund direct communication with voters so they could make
informed decisions about which candidates are best able to lead Richmond. As the
city's largest employer, Chevron chose to participate in the election to make
sure its voice was heard."

Chevron will vote on 10 shareholder resolutions, among them proposals requiring
that the company set targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions; conduct an
analysis of its shale operations, focusing on fracking and how water is used;
and appoint an independent director with environmental expertise who can address
environmental concerns stemming from Chevron's operations.

"These types of resolutions are a critical way to gain greater transparency,
which is essential for protecting shareholders since they need this information
to weigh whether companies end up damaging their brand by becoming embroiled in
hot button issues or supporting candidates who don't hold the view shared by
their customers," said Susan Harley, a deputy director at Public Citizen, a
national organization that advocates for citizen interests, including on climate
change, health and safety, financial reform and other issues.

One of the groups under Public Citizen's scrutiny is the American Legislative
Exchange Council, a tax-exempt organization made up of companies and
conservative legislators that drafts model state-level legislation in line with
its agenda. Although many companies have left the lobbying group following
negative publicity in recent years, Chevron remains a member, spending more $8.2
million on lobbying and $2 million on political contributions in federal
elections, according to OpenSecrets.org , a site that tracks money in politics.

Contact Karina Ioffee at 510-262-2726 or Twitter.com/kioffee.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this Jan. 28, 2011 file photo, a customer pumps gas at a
Chevron gas station in Mountain View, Calif. Chevron Corp. reports quarterly
earnings on Friday, May 2, 2014. (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            April 16, 2015 Thursday

Activist shareholders urge Chevron to stop spending money on politics

BYLINE: By Karina Ioffee Bay Area News Group

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Contra Costa; News; Local; Business

LENGTH: 867 words


Activist shareholders are pushing Chevron to stop using corporate money to
influence elections as part of a growing effort to raise awareness about money
in politics after the oil giant spent an unprecedented $3 million last year to
sway Richmond voters.

On May 27, Chevron shareholders will decide on a series of proposals at their
annual meeting, including three that deal specifically with disclosing
charitable contributions, lobbying and funding political campaigns.

The resolutions are meant to underline the oil company's massive political sway,
including millions spent during November's Richmond City Council race to support
some candidates -- who all lost -- and oppose others. The company also made a
$2.5 million donation to the Congressional Leadership Fund in 2012, the largest
single corporate donation to a SuperPAC.

Shareholder resolutions are nothing new. But since the U.S. Supreme Court ruled
in 2010 that corporations have First Amendment rights and can spend unlimited
funds to influence elections, more and more shareholder proposals have focused
on corporate transparency and getting money out of politics, according to Afra
Afsharipour, a law professor at the UC Davis School of Law.

Most of those efforts have not been successful. Still, the act of placing such a
resolution on a proxy statement -- a type of ballot seen by all Chevron
stockholders -- forces the issue to be discussed at the board meeting, and the
company to issue a response, Afsharipour said.

"From a tangible standpoint it's not much, but from an intangible standpoint it
does allow for greater disclosure so you can figure out where the money is going
and that's important for the larger integrity of our system," Afsharipour said.
"It's all about the optics and the soft pressure on the board. So even if a
resolution doesn't pass, it still brings the issues to light. ... Companies and
boards are paying attention."

In 2014 alone, 126 shareholder resolutions focusing on political and lobbying
activities were introduced, according to Institutional Shareholder Services, as
more critics look for an entry point into corporate board rooms to air their
grievances.

Anyone who has held a minimum of $2,000 in company stock for at least a year is
allowed to submit a proposal, which must first be vetted by the Securities and
Exchange Commission before showing up in the company's proxy statement. Names of
individuals or groups are not revealed unless they decide to come forward, such
as Green Century Capital Management, a Boston investment advisory firm that is
behind the resolution calling on Chevron to stop spending corporate funds on
elections.

"We were prompted to file in light of the growing spending spree by Chevron,
such as the millions spent on the Richmond City Council election last year,"
said Libby O'Connell, an advocacy and business development associate at the
firm. "The shareholder process is very democratic, so even small investors can
raise their concerns to the board. They get a seat at the table."

Chevron has defended its spending, saying in its proxy statement response to the
resolution to ban campaign contributions that it does so with the interests of
its shareholders in mind. The company wrote that "barring it from legally
participating in the political process would undermine Chevron's voice and
position within the energy industry."

The company further stated that the money spent on the Richmond City Council
election "was used to fund direct communication with voters so they could make
informed decisions about which candidates are best able to lead Richmond. As the
city's largest employer, Chevron chose to participate in the election to make
sure its voice was heard."

Chevron will vote on 10 shareholder resolutions, among them proposals requiring
that the company set targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions; conduct an
analysis of its shale operations, focusing on fracking and how water is used;
and appoint an independent director with environmental expertise who can address
environmental concerns stemming from Chevron's operations.

"These types of resolutions are a critical way to gain greater transparency,
which is essential for protecting shareholders since they need this information
to weigh whether companies end up damaging their brand by becoming embroiled in
hot button issues or supporting candidates who don't hold the view shared by
their customers," said Susan Harley, a deputy director at Public Citizen, a
national organization that advocates for citizen interests, including on climate
change, health and safety, financial reform and other issues.

One of the groups under Public Citizen's scrutiny is the American Legislative
Exchange Council, a tax-exempt organization made up of companies and
conservative legislators that drafts model state-level legislation in line with
its agenda. Although many companies have left the lobbying group following
negative publicity in recent years, Chevron remains a member, spending more $8.2
million on lobbying and $2 million on political contributions in federal
elections, according to OpenSecrets.org , a site that tracks money in politics.

Contact Karina Ioffee at 510-262-2726 or Twitter.com/kioffee.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Demonstrators who gave their name as brother Rich T, left, and Sylvia
Gray-White, both of Richmond, take part in a rally to demand an end to the
growing threat to our democracy posed by unlimited corporate spending in
elections and voter suppression in front of the Chevron refinery in Richmond,
Calif., on Saturday, Jan. 19, 2013. About 300 people from the nationwide
movement called "Money Out, Voters In" demand lawmakers pass measures that limit
the corrosive influence of money in politics and expand democratic participation
at the polls. Chevron donated substantial amounts of money to both local and
national campaigns attempting to influence all levels of government.(Ray
Chavez/Staff)
A tanker truck passes the Chevron oil refinery in Richmond in 2010. (Paul
Sakuma/AP file)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 24, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Black Activists Backing Kerry Rally in N.Va.;
Organizers Hope State Will Reverse GOP Trend

BYLINE: Steven Ginsberg, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; C06

LENGTH: 591 words


After nearly two hours of hobnobbing, sampling gourmet dishes and listening to
reasoned speeches, the group of several hundred African American Democrats
charged into a chant that got right to the point of their get-together
yesterday: "Hey, ho! Bush has got to go!"

The cry expressed the feelings seemingly of everyone at a rally sponsored by the
Virginia Congressional Black Caucus in Alexandria. Whether they were college
students, Democratic Party leaders or residents and politicians from Northern
Virginia, the crowd was united in its desire to elect Sen. John F. Kerry (Mass.)
president and to work as hard as possible  the next nine days to make that
happen.

President Bush "is like a bug on the floor who needs to be stepped on and
squashed," Alexandria resident Vannessa Anderson said, explaining why she has
been pounding on doors, passing out pamphlets and trying to sway neighbors to
oppose the president. "He's not interested in low-income people, and he doesn't
recognize minorities."

Organizers said yesterday's rally was designed to stir passions among African
Americans and young voters in Virginia for this year's presidential election,
one in which state leaders think Virginia can turn Democratic for the first time
since 1964 despite minimal attention from the Kerry campaign.

"We are a swing state if we can get much of the African American vote," said
Alexandria Mayor William D. Euille (D), adding that it is just as critical to
get black voters to the polls.

Both parties believe that African Americans could be pivotal on Election Day,
and Democrats have targeted the traditionally left-leaning group as key to
helping Kerry in such closely contested states as Ohio and Pennsylvania.
Republicans have tried to sway some black voters by suggesting that Democrats
take them for granted, while others agree with the president's positions
regarding gay marriage.

A national survey released last week found that 18 percent of black voters were
willing to vote for Bush, 10 percentage points higher than Bush's total in exit
polling in 2000. The national opinion survey -- released by the Joint Center for
Political and Economic Studies, an African American think tank -- also found
that 69 percent of blacks planned to vote for Kerry.

African Americans who attended the rally at the Hilton Alexandria Mark Center
cited jobs, health care, the Iraq war and sensitivity to minority issues as
their main concerns.

Davon Gray, a former candidate for state and local office from Prince William
County, said Kerry's support among Virginians is "surprising. This is not always
a state that would be friendly to a Massachusetts senator, but people are just
ticked off with what's going on with the war and the economy."

The rally lasted through the afternoon and included speeches from Virginia Lt.
Gov. Timothy M. Kaine (D), who plans to run for governor next year; Kerry J.
Donley, chairman of the Virginia Democratic Party; Euille; and a handful of
other local leaders and office-seekers.

The event was also meant to appeal to young voters, another group Republicans
and Democrats say could turn the election. Maurice Franklin, a senior at Hampton
University, said he found the affair appealing. Franklin plans to graduate in
the spring, and in addition to the war in Iraq, he is worried that the
investment banking job he covets will be outsourced.

And if things don't work out his way in this election, he's got a political plan
for the future. "I'd like to be a senator some day," he said with a shy grin.
"Everybody has dreams."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              298 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

Best Bets: Things to do Sunday

BYLINE: Casmira Harrison, Casmira Harrison casmira.harrison@news-jrnl.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 228  words


Enlarge

Kelly Jarrard will be playing and singing at Norwood's Treehouse Eatery & Bar in
New Smyrna Beach on Sunday afternoon. Kelly Jarrard Music Facebook page

Attend a massive dance contest, sway to some smooth notes, sink into some
soulful tunes...

Attend a massive dance competition: Watch 4,000 dancers ages 4 to 18 compete at
the Ocean Center during the Showbiz National Talent Competition. The contest
runs today through Thursday at 100 N. Atlantic Ave. and is free to attend. Go to
showbiztalent.com for more info.

Sway to some smooth notes at The Garlic: Relax with Orlando- based sax player
Dayve Stewart while he slips a few notes down in New Smyrna Beach at The Garlic.
Want a preview of what this sax man can do? You can find a real smooth cover of
Zedd's "Clarity" here at https://youtu.be/37BvUKcaFWU. The Garlic, a fine dining
restaurant that prides itself in good weekend tunes, is located at 556 E. Third
Ave. Call 386-424-6660 for more information.

Sink into some soulful tunes at Norwood's: Need to get your music and dancing
fix in earlier? Head to Norwood's Tree house Eatery & Bar at 400 E. Second Ave.
in New Smyrna Beach at 1 p.m. to listen to Kelly Jarrard. Don't let the time of
day fool you... this singer- guitarist has got some serious soul. And if you
decide to stay, Jeff Risinger goes on stage at 6 p.m. For more information, call
386-428- 4621.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2016 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2016 News-Journal Corporation


                              299 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            September 1, 2006 Friday

SUNDAY NIGHT FEVER - HERE'S YOUR LAST CHANCE FOR A SUMMER PARTY

BYLINE: BRIAN NIEMIETZ

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 635 words


NOT only does this Sunday night represent 2006's last evening to wear white
shoes without being deemed gauche - it's also a great opportunity to wear them
out dancing into the twilight hours as most offices are closed Monday. Whether
it's country-western karaoke, improv comedy or a reason to stay out of town an
extra night, here are a few options for capitalizing on summer's last three-day
weekend.

APT

419 W. 13th St., (212) 414-4245

For the past half-decade, APT's straight-house Sunday dance party has been a
favorite for industry insiders looking to let loose on their night off. Wanna
meet that hot bartender on his/her night off?

You'll probably do it here. No cover, picky door staff.

SWAY

305 Spring St., (212) 620-5220

The antithesis of APT's debaucherous dance party is Sway's Smiths Party; an ode
to the Manchester mope rockers who encouraged a generation to "Hang the DJ" and
convert to vegetarianism (black eyeliner optional.) No cover, semi-selective
door.

ARLENE'S GROCERY

95 Stanton St., (212) 358-1633

Yee-haw! Manhattan isn't exactly the home of country-western music, but kiss our
grits if Kuntry Karaoke ain't a hoot-worthy hoedown. From 10 p.m. to midnight,
would-be country crooners sing along with a live band whose repertoire includes
lots of Patsy and Johnny. Cover: $5.

RIFIFI

332 E. 11th St., (212) 677-1027

Burlesque was once commonplace along the Bowery and its nearby neighborhoods. A
century later, it's making a comeback at places like the East Village's Rififi,
where Veronika Sweet and Nasty Canasta host Sunday's "Sweet & Nasty Burlesque."
Cover: $5.

UPRIGHT CITIZENS BRIGADE

307 W. 26th St., (646) 366-9176

What's inexpensive, funny and spontaneous? Whatever, we'll leave the jokes to
these guys, especially on Sunday night, when the uproarious "Asscat 3000" improv
show takes the stage. "SNL's" Amy Poehler makes frequent appearances and often
brings funny friends. Showtimes: 7:30 p.m. ($8) and 9:30 p.m. (free!)

THE RADISSON LEXINGTON HOTEL

511 Lexington Ave., (212) 755-4400

One of many "unofficial homes of the U.S. Open," the Radisson will be showing
the men's third round and women's fourth on three big screens in its Lex lounge
and on one 50-inch monitor in the main lobby. Visitors may end up watching their
favorite player compete or end up drinking alongside him, depending how things
unfold - some players are staying here. Try the $10 forehand cocktail (Pernod,
orange and cranberry juices.) No cover.

ESPN ZONE

1472 Broadway, (212) 921-3776

So tennis isn't your racket? ESPN Zone's 169 screens will be joining the college
football season with Kentucky vs. Louisville, the NASCAR HD 500 will be showing
too, as will Game Three of the WNBA semifinals.

ONE

1 Little West 12th St., (212) 255-9717

Once the American tapas plates are cleared and the tables are moved out, celebs
like Vin Diesel, Leo DiCaprio and Joaquin Phoenix pile into One's glam bash,
which is thrown by Rocco Ancarola and Joey Morrissey, who made Pangaea's Sunday
soiree "The Place to Be" through the early '00s.

THE MAGICIAN

118 Rivington St., (212) 673-7881

For a laid-back night of Lower East Side cool, head to The Magician, where
bartender Tom Vaught's midnight Happy Hour means $3 call drinks and cheap pints
($4-$5) until 4 a.m. This unassuming joint is as likely to be dead quiet as it
is to host Jack White and Karen O. and other rock stars who rest their heads at
the nearby Hotel on Rivington.

LE SOUK

47 Avenue B, (212) 777-5454

Between thick hookah smoke, the wafting scent of North African cuisine, and the
musical styling of international house DJ Jason Swamy, this subterranean den of
inequity is seedy in all the right ways, and it's at its best and worst on
Sunday nights when the Ibizaesque party gets started around 2 a.m. No cover,
semi-selective door.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Arlene's Grocery.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Ohio: 10 do's and don'ts of starting your own business

LENGTH: 754 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Columbus: Ohio University Eastern, The State of Ohio has issued the following
news release:



 Who better to talk about the realities, pitfalls, and pros of being an
entrepreneur than an Ohio University graduate who founded a company just a few
years ago? Brian Grady, founder of Sway the Crowd Productions, a video
storytelling company, and OHIO grad recently agreed to share his insights on the
top do's and don'ts of starting a business.



 Do:



     Do your research. This includes the obvious items, like learning rules of
your industry, checking out your competitors, and understanding the financial
implications of going belly up. It also includes reading books--ones that aren't
for school. &ldquo;I didn't have a degree in video production and considered
myself more of a producer and salesman, so before I started Sway the Crowd, I
read books on my own that really helped me understand the core foundation and
technical aspects of the industry,&rdquo; said Grady. &ldquo;It's a good thing I
did, because clients expect you to know that stuff!&rdquo;

     Focus on building a strong team. Oftentimes, this includes choosing quality
over quantity, according to Grady. &ldquo;Choose a few quality team members over
several so-so members, who can drag you down,&rdquo; he suggested.

     Know what your work is worth. Being a legitimate company--and demonstrating
that cache to clients--starts with knowing what you're worth. &ldquo;In the
beginning, we thought low quotes would help win  business--and it initially
did--but our inexperience with quoting became apparent the next year when we had
to dramatically increase our rates to deliver the same quality work,&rdquo; said
Grady. Sway the Crowd lost not only a client, but also part of their reputation.
&ldquo;Now that we know more about quoting and are in tune with market prices,
it's much easier--for us and for our clients.&rdquo;

     Learn about the financial responsibilities of being an entrepreneur.
Understand the risks, and make calculated ones. Take an accounting class, like
Grady did. &ldquo;It taught me the basics of managerial accounting,
taxes--essentially everything you need to consider financially before starting a
business,&rdquo; he said.

     Shop around for accounting and payroll agencies. Grady and his team went
through three different accountants before finding one that worked for them.
&ldquo;If at all possible, hire someone to do the accounting and payroll,&rdquo;
suggested Grady. &ldquo;It takes a lot off of your plate so you can focus on
growing and developing your business.&rdquo;



 Don't:



     Work too hard. Identify boundaries and stick to them. The best way to
succeed is to know how to lead a healthy and balanced life. &ldquo;Balance and
hard work are both important in the early stages of a business,&rdquo; said
Grady. &ldquo;You just have to make sure not to get too stuck in one or the
other. Celebrate your successes while also staying focused on the end
goal.&rdquo;

     Forget to ask questions. Work to truly understand the project and how it
relates to the client's goals and needs--before you start. &ldquo;We went from
just delivering a video to asking about the goal, audience, distribution,
duration, format, etc., and it's made a huge difference,&rdquo; explained Grady.
&ldquo;Our work now centers around making sure the product really works for the
client.&rdquo;

     Sell yourself short. We've all heard that if you want to start a business,
you'll eat nothing but ramen, won't sleep, and be so dedicated to your cause
that you'll lose sight of everything else--but that doesn't mean you should live
up to the stereotype. &ldquo;It's an unhealthy culture because if you promote
being cheap then you'll attract cheap clients,&rdquo; said Grady. So find an
affordable price point and lifestyle that works for both of you.

     Lose sight of your mission. Cash flow is critical, so you may end up taking
some assignments that don't align with your creative niche or ultimate goals. Go
where the opportunities take you, but make sure those gigs don't supersede the
ones that matter most to you and your team.

     Underestimate &ldquo;the rules&rdquo;. To be taken seriously in any
industry, you have to know what the rules are--and follow them. &ldquo;In the
video industry, for example, you need to know the laws surrounding licensing for
music, imagery, and video,&rdquo; said Grady.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

















LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Ohio: 10 do's and don'ts of starting your own business

LENGTH: 754 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Columbus: Ohio University Eastern, The State of Ohio has issued the following
news release:



 Who better to talk about the realities, pitfalls, and pros of being an
entrepreneur than an Ohio University graduate who founded a company just a few
years ago? Brian Grady, founder of Sway the Crowd Productions, a video
storytelling company, and OHIO grad recently agreed to share his insights on the
top do's and don'ts of starting a business.



 Do:



     Do your research. This includes the obvious items, like learning rules of
your industry, checking out your competitors, and understanding the financial
implications of going belly up. It also includes reading books--ones that aren't
for school. &ldquo;I didn't have a degree in video production and considered
myself more of a producer and salesman, so before I started Sway the Crowd, I
read books on my own that really helped me understand the core foundation and
technical aspects of the industry,&rdquo; said Grady. &ldquo;It's a good thing I
did, because clients expect you to know that stuff!&rdquo;

     Focus on building a strong team. Oftentimes, this includes choosing quality
over quantity, according to Grady. &ldquo;Choose a few quality team members over
several so-so members, who can drag you down,&rdquo; he suggested.

     Know what your work is worth. Being a legitimate company--and demonstrating
that cache to clients--starts with knowing what you're worth. &ldquo;In the
beginning, we thought low quotes would help win  business--and it initially
did--but our inexperience with quoting became apparent the next year when we had
to dramatically increase our rates to deliver the same quality work,&rdquo; said
Grady. Sway the Crowd lost not only a client, but also part of their reputation.
&ldquo;Now that we know more about quoting and are in tune with market prices,
it's much easier--for us and for our clients.&rdquo;

     Learn about the financial responsibilities of being an entrepreneur.
Understand the risks, and make calculated ones. Take an accounting class, like
Grady did. &ldquo;It taught me the basics of managerial accounting,
taxes--essentially everything you need to consider financially before starting a
business,&rdquo; he said.

     Shop around for accounting and payroll agencies. Grady and his team went
through three different accountants before finding one that worked for them.
&ldquo;If at all possible, hire someone to do the accounting and payroll,&rdquo;
suggested Grady. &ldquo;It takes a lot off of your plate so you can focus on
growing and developing your business.&rdquo;



 Don't:



     Work too hard. Identify boundaries and stick to them. The best way to
succeed is to know how to lead a healthy and balanced life. &ldquo;Balance and
hard work are both important in the early stages of a business,&rdquo; said
Grady. &ldquo;You just have to make sure not to get too stuck in one or the
other. Celebrate your successes while also staying focused on the end
goal.&rdquo;

     Forget to ask questions. Work to truly understand the project and how it
relates to the client's goals and needs--before you start. &ldquo;We went from
just delivering a video to asking about the goal, audience, distribution,
duration, format, etc., and it's made a huge difference,&rdquo; explained Grady.
&ldquo;Our work now centers around making sure the product really works for the
client.&rdquo;

     Sell yourself short. We've all heard that if you want to start a business,
you'll eat nothing but ramen, won't sleep, and be so dedicated to your cause
that you'll lose sight of everything else--but that doesn't mean you should live
up to the stereotype. &ldquo;It's an unhealthy culture because if you promote
being cheap then you'll attract cheap clients,&rdquo; said Grady. So find an
affordable price point and lifestyle that works for both of you.

     Lose sight of your mission. Cash flow is critical, so you may end up taking
some assignments that don't align with your creative niche or ultimate goals. Go
where the opportunities take you, but make sure those gigs don't supersede the
ones that matter most to you and your team.

     Underestimate &ldquo;the rules&rdquo;. To be taken seriously in any
industry, you have to know what the rules are--and follow them. &ldquo;In the
video industry, for example, you need to know the laws surrounding licensing for
music, imagery, and video,&rdquo; said Grady.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

















LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Ohio: 10 do's and don'ts of starting your own business

LENGTH: 754 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Columbus: Ohio University Eastern, The State of Ohio has issued the following
news release:



 Who better to talk about the realities, pitfalls, and pros of being an
entrepreneur than an Ohio University graduate who founded a company just a few
years ago? Brian Grady, founder of Sway the Crowd Productions, a video
storytelling company, and OHIO grad recently agreed to share his insights on the
top do's and don'ts of starting a business.



 Do:



     Do your research. This includes the obvious items, like learning rules of
your industry, checking out your competitors, and understanding the financial
implications of going belly up. It also includes reading books--ones that aren't
for school. &ldquo;I didn't have a degree in video production and considered
myself more of a producer and salesman, so before I started Sway the Crowd, I
read books on my own that really helped me understand the core foundation and
technical aspects of the industry,&rdquo; said Grady. &ldquo;It's a good thing I
did, because clients expect you to know that stuff!&rdquo;

     Focus on building a strong team. Oftentimes, this includes choosing quality
over quantity, according to Grady. &ldquo;Choose a few quality team members over
several so-so members, who can drag you down,&rdquo; he suggested.

     Know what your work is worth. Being a legitimate company--and demonstrating
that cache to clients--starts with knowing what you're worth. &ldquo;In the
beginning, we thought low quotes would help win  business--and it initially
did--but our inexperience with quoting became apparent the next year when we had
to dramatically increase our rates to deliver the same quality work,&rdquo; said
Grady. Sway the Crowd lost not only a client, but also part of their reputation.
&ldquo;Now that we know more about quoting and are in tune with market prices,
it's much easier--for us and for our clients.&rdquo;

     Learn about the financial responsibilities of being an entrepreneur.
Understand the risks, and make calculated ones. Take an accounting class, like
Grady did. &ldquo;It taught me the basics of managerial accounting,
taxes--essentially everything you need to consider financially before starting a
business,&rdquo; he said.

     Shop around for accounting and payroll agencies. Grady and his team went
through three different accountants before finding one that worked for them.
&ldquo;If at all possible, hire someone to do the accounting and payroll,&rdquo;
suggested Grady. &ldquo;It takes a lot off of your plate so you can focus on
growing and developing your business.&rdquo;



 Don't:



     Work too hard. Identify boundaries and stick to them. The best way to
succeed is to know how to lead a healthy and balanced life. &ldquo;Balance and
hard work are both important in the early stages of a business,&rdquo; said
Grady. &ldquo;You just have to make sure not to get too stuck in one or the
other. Celebrate your successes while also staying focused on the end
goal.&rdquo;

     Forget to ask questions. Work to truly understand the project and how it
relates to the client's goals and needs--before you start. &ldquo;We went from
just delivering a video to asking about the goal, audience, distribution,
duration, format, etc., and it's made a huge difference,&rdquo; explained Grady.
&ldquo;Our work now centers around making sure the product really works for the
client.&rdquo;

     Sell yourself short. We've all heard that if you want to start a business,
you'll eat nothing but ramen, won't sleep, and be so dedicated to your cause
that you'll lose sight of everything else--but that doesn't mean you should live
up to the stereotype. &ldquo;It's an unhealthy culture because if you promote
being cheap then you'll attract cheap clients,&rdquo; said Grady. So find an
affordable price point and lifestyle that works for both of you.

     Lose sight of your mission. Cash flow is critical, so you may end up taking
some assignments that don't align with your creative niche or ultimate goals. Go
where the opportunities take you, but make sure those gigs don't supersede the
ones that matter most to you and your team.

     Underestimate &ldquo;the rules&rdquo;. To be taken seriously in any
industry, you have to know what the rules are--and follow them. &ldquo;In the
video industry, for example, you need to know the laws surrounding licensing for
music, imagery, and video,&rdquo; said Grady.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

















LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                 Interkal Inc.

                                 5981 E Cork St
                              Kalamazoo,  MI 49048
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 269-349-1521
URL: http://www.interkal.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/interkal
http://www.linkedin.com/company/interkal-llc
https://twitter.com/interkal

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 9925136

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ASTM
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Interkal Inc. is a manufacturer focussed on Braces, Seating, Solutions, Sway
Braces, Chairs, and 15 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise
Data. Interkal Inc. does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and
Architecture Industries, as well as 16 other major Manufacturing Industries.
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; Construction

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
33712704
SIC CODES:
25310000
CAGE CODES:
53251
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Braces
     ·    Seating
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Sway Braces
     ·    Sway Braces


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Chairs
     ·    Decks
     ·    Pendant Switches
     ·    Pendants
     ·    Rails
     ·    Seating
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Chain Drives
     ·    Friction Drives
     ·    Limit Switches
     ·    Pendant Switches


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Alloy Plating
     ·    Bridging
     ·    Injection Molding


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Blow Molded Plastics
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Composites
     ·    Galvanized Steel
     ·    Gold
     ·    Iron
     ·    Iron Phosphates
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Phosphates
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Plywood
     ·    Polyester
     ·    Polyethylene
     ·    Polypropylene
     ·    Polyurethane
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silver
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel
     ·    Structural Steel
     ·    Urethane


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Abrasives, Acrylic Paints, Alloy Plating, Angles, Architects,
Balconies, Bearings, Benches, Binders, Bindings, Bleacher Design, Blow Molded
Plastics, Braces, Bridging, Brochures, Buttons, Chain Drives, Chairs, Channels,
Coats, Columbium, Composites, Controllers, Cork, Corks, Decking, Decks, Dollies,
Domes, Drums, Edgings, End Caps, Fasteners, Feet, Flats, Flooring, Friction
Drives, Galvanized Steel, Generators, Glue, Gold, Guards, Guides, Hardware,
Inhibitors, Injection Molding, Interlocks, Iron, Iron Phosphates, Jerseys,
Junction Boxes, Kilns, Lacquers, Laminated Boards, Laminated Fabrics, Lasers,
Levers, Lights, Limit Switches, Linkages, Lumber, Mechanisms, Metal Parts,
Mezzanines, Mobile Units, Molded Plastics, Motor Starters, Mountings, Nylon,
Overalls, Panels, Pendant Switches, Pendants, Phosphates, Pictures, Pine Lumber,
Pins, Pivots, Plastic Covers, Plastic Panels, Plastics, Platforms, Plywood,
Poles, Polyester, Polyethylene, Polypropylene, Polyurethane, Posts, Powder
Coating, Powder Coatings, Power Supplies, Power Systems, Power Units, Profiles,
Railings, Rails, Receivers, Receptacles, Remote Controls, Retaining Rings,
Rings, Robotics, Rubber, Rubber Coverings, Satins, Seating, Seats, Sheets,
Silver, Solutions, Southern Yellow Pine Lumber, Spheres, Springs, Stadium
Chairs, Stainless Steel, Starters, Steel, Steel Axles, Steel Channels, Steel
Coils, Steel Finishes, Steel Trusses, Steel Tubing, Structural Steel, Structural
Steel Tubing, Suits, Sway Braces, Sweeps, Table Legs, Tables, Tablets,
Telephones, Timbers, Transitions, Transmitters, Traps, Trusses, Ultraviolet,
Underlayments, Uniforms, Upholstered Chairs, Upholstery, Urethane, Veneers,
Walkways, Wheel Chairs, Wheelchairs, Wireless Controls, Wood Benches, Yellow
Pine Lumber, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              304 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 26, 2009 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Alan G. Davenport, 76, Noted Wind Engineer

BYLINE: By DOUGLAS MARTIN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Obituary; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 886 words


Alan G. Davenport, who devised ways to gauge the effects of wind on tall
structures, then applied his expertise to some of the world's biggest buildings
and longest bridges, died July 19 in London, Ontario. He was 76.

The cause was complications of Parkinson's disease, his son-in-law Dick Huyer
said.

Mr. Davenport, a professor emeritus at the University of Western Ontario, used
mathematics and experiments with wind tunnels to estimate how far buildings can
lean before they fall over. He also analyzed how fast they can sway back and
forth before occupants get seasick, partitions crack or elevators get stuck.

Large structures on which Mr. Davenport consulted included the World Trade
Center in New York, the Sears (now Willis) Tower in Chicago, the CN Tower in
Toronto, the Hong Kong and Shanghai Bank in Hong Kong, and the Normandy Bridge
in France.

The 110-story towers of the World Trade Center were the first skyscrapers to be
systematically evaluated for wind dynamics, and Mr. Davenport did the analysis
of the designs. He determined that the buildings would sway too much in heavy
winds. He and other engineers then invented shock absorbers to stabilize them.

In their book, ''City in the Sky: The Rise and Fall of the World Trade Center''
(2003), James Glanz and Eric Lipton, reporters for The New York Times, suggested
that the devices not only buffered the effects of wind but might have also saved
lives on Sept. 11, 2001, when hijacked airplanes were flown into the towers.

''Had the towers swayed more wildly after impacts, probably more sections of the
stairwells would have been torn up, more escape doors jammed, and more water
pipes snapped,'' the authors wrote.

Leslie E. Robertson, a leading engineer on the World Trade Center project, said
in an interview on Friday that Mr. Davenport's work amounted to ''a pioneering
effort that had never been undertaken before.''

He continued, ''At least in wind engineering, he was a genius.''

Mr. Davenport's influence was widely noted.

The Journal of Wind Engineering and Industrial Aerodynamics reported that the
initial design of the CN Tower in Toronto, which opened in 1976 as the tallest
free-standing structure in the world and remained so for three decades, was
altered because of analyses by Mr. Davenport.

The New Yorker said in 1995 that his studies had helped prove the need for
Citicorp to reinforce the cantilevered structure of its new headquarters tower
in Manhattan in the summer of 1978.

In 1988, The New York Times reported that the John Hancock Tower in Boston had
bigger problems than windows falling out: Mr. Davenport warned that in gales,
the tower risked total collapse. Extra steel beams were used to reinforce the
vulnerable side.

The Wind Engineer  wrote in 1995 that more tall buildings were erected in the
1970s than in any other decade. It estimated that ''a staggering two-thirds'' of
these were analyzed and tested by Mr. Davenport's Boundary Layer Wind Tunnel
Laboratory at Western Ontario. (Boundary layer refers to airspace close to the
ground.)

In 1987, Mr. Davenport wrote in a letter to the Toronto newspaper The Globe and
Mail that of the world's 40 tallest buildings in the world, around two-thirds
had been studied in his lab.

Alan Garnett Davenport was born on Sept. 19, 1932, in Madras, India, now known
as Chennai, where the roof of his family's home was secured with sandbags for
protection against monsoon winds. He spent much of his youth in South Africa,
and he earned bachelor's and master's degrees in mechanical sciences from
Cambridge.

He also earned a master's degree in civil engineering from the University of
Toronto, then became a pilot in the Royal Canadian Navy. He later helped update
Canada's building code before going to the University of Bristol, England, to
earn a Ph.D. His thesis: ''The Treatment of Wind Loads on Tall Towers and Long
Span Bridges in the Turbulent Wind.''

Mr. Davenport was hired for the World Trade Center job after he had met Mr.
Robertson in 1963 at a conference on wind engineering in Britain, the leader in
the new field. Mr. Robertson said that he and his colleagues recognized that Mr.
Davenport had ''an element of genius.'' Mr. Davenport used his success in New
York to persuade university administrators to build a wind tunnel lab for him,
and in the mid-1980s they built another. In the tunnels, he blew wind on scale
models.

Mr. Davenport's many honors include the Albert Caquot prize, awarded by the
French, and the Order of Canada. He wrote more than 200 papers, of which several
from the 1960s are deemed classics.

Mr. Davenport is survived by his wife, the former Sheila Rand Smith; his sons
Thomas and Andrew; his daughters Anna and Clare Davenport; and nine
grandchildren.

In addition to buildings and bridges, Mr. Davenport studied phenomena as diverse
as icebergs and a huge tent for pilgrims in Mecca, Saudi Arabia. At the request
of Sports Illustrated in 2002, he built a miniature ''Amen Corner'' -- the
famous confluence of three holes at Augusta National Golf Club -- and subjected
it to his wind tunnel. (The golf writer Herbert Warren Wind had coined the
nickname.)

Mr. Davenport found what golfers knew all too well: there is lots and lots of
wind that varies with altitude and swirls devilishly in all directions.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: Alan G. Davenport

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 1, 2009



CORRECTION: An obituary last Saturday about Alan G. Davenport, an expert on wind
stresses on buildings, referred imprecisely to the winds that his family dealt
with by using sandbags to protect the roof of his childhood home in Madras,
India, now called Chennai. They were the gusty winds of tropical storms that
become more frequent during the monsoon season; they were not the monsoon winds
themselves.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Alan G. Davenport, with a model of New York City in
1980.(PHOTOGRAPH BY RON NELSON)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              305 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            February 10, 2008 Sunday

Endorsements less influential today, some say

BYLINE: By Hillary Chabot, hchabot@lowellsun.com

SECTION: PRES. ELECTION; Today's Headlines

LENGTH: 625 words


BOSTON -- Oprah fizzled, the court of Camelot crumbled, and Gov. Deval Patrick's
grass-roots campaign wilted.

Despite three high-profile endorsements in the Bay State, Illinois Sen. Barack
Obama failed to win Massachusetts in his bid to become the Democratic
presidential nominee. Obama's showing left some local politicos questioning the
power of endorsements.

Reid Cherlin, Obama's spokesman, said the endorsements helped Obama walk away
with 41 percent of the vote and 38 delegates.

"When we came to Massachusetts, we were down more than 30 points. We didn't
close that gap entirely but we made great strides and Sen. Kerry, Sen. Kennedy
and Gov. Patrick were instrumental in doing so," Cherlin said. "These public
figures resonated with voters."

Democratic analyst Mary Anne Marsh begged to differ.

"This year endorsements don't mean what they used to. The endorsements that
matter are the ones that deliver votes, and people who deliver votes tend to be
more local or people who with really active political operations who work it day
in and day out," Marsh said.

Case in point: Rep. Jamie Eldridge, D-Acton, who delivered several area
communities to Obama.

Politicians like Kerry and Kennedy, who run every six years and don't often face
serious challengers, find their voter base a little rusty, said Suffolk
University pollster David Paleologos.

Kennedy had more sway than Oprah, with 43 percent of Massachusetts residents
pointing to his endorsement as the most influential, according to a poll
conducted by Suffolk University. Former President Bill Clinton was next, with 23
percent of those polled believing his endorsement was most influential. Oprah
came in dead last with 9 percent.

"My experience is endorsements matter in smaller races," Paleologos said. "The
more you head up the food chain, the less people pay attention,"

Senate Ways and means Chairman Steve Panagiotakos, D-Lowell, seemed to sway
Greater Lowell residents to back New York Sen. Hillary Clinton. Clinton swept by
more than 30 points in communities like Lowell and Dracut.

"I talked to a couple of people at the polls and they said they hadn't made up
their mind and they saw I was supporting Hillary," Panagiotakos said. "It's
personal."

The endorsements only swayed voters by a couple of points, if any, Panagiotakos
said. He pointed to other factors, like the fact that 62 percent of women went
with Clinton in Massachusetts.

"Certainly there were a lot of women who were really proud there was a viable
woman on the ballot," Panagiotakos said. Clinton also pulled a slim majority of
the youth vote and a landslide of support from residents 60 years old and over.

Lowell Mayor Edward "Bud" Caulfield isn't sure whether voters are following the
lead of local politicians or if local politicians are simply reflecting their
constituent base with their endorsements.

"The voters have made up their mind. They know who they'd like to see running
the country. I feel I'm part of that voting block," said Caulfield, who endorsed
Clinton.

A quick look at Florida -- considered a turning point in the quest for a
Republican nominee -- bolsters Marsh's faith in the sway of an endorsement.

Charlie Crist, the extraordinarily popular Florida governor, "dragged (Arizona
Sen. John) McCain across the finish line," Marsh said.

Before Crist's endorsement, McCain was behind by one point in the polls,
virtually neck and neck with Romney. McCain squeaked out a win in the state by
five points, but the winner-take-all state turned the tide.

Romney's recent ties to Massachusetts pushed him over the edge in the state and
in Greater Lowell, where he won by 10 points or more in most communities. Romney
had the support of Rep. Robert Hargraves, D-Groton, and other lawmakers in
eastern Massachusetts.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HOW MUCH INFLUENCE? Sen. Edward Kennedy campaigns for Sen. Barack Obama
at the Beebe Memorial Cathedral in Oakland, Calif., on Feb. 1.AP PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            October 1, 2009 Thursday

Sumatra quake: Tremors felt in Singapore and KL

BYLINE: Teh Joo Lin in Singapore & Elizabeth Looi in Kuala Lumpur

LENGTH: 404 words


IT WAS a regular day at work, until accountant Kelvin Ng's office began to sway.

The 26-year-old ran nine flights down from his Bencoolen Street building to the
road outside.

'It was so bad it gave my friend a headache,' he said.

He was among thousands in Singapore and Malaysia who had a fright when they felt
tremors in the wake of the 7.6-magnitude earthquake that struck off Padang,
Sumatra.

For up to two minutes, people in Singapore reported seeing curtains sway,
grilles rattle and chairs shake in buildings from Choa Chu Kang to Changi.

Workers and residents streamed out of some buildings in areas such as Raffles
Place and Changi, and officers from the Building and Construction Authority were
out inspecting buildings last night.

The authorities received some 170 calls about the tremors, but no casualties
were reported.

The police said there was no cause for alarm.

'Buildings in Singapore are designed to established building codes and are
sufficiently robust to withstand tremors caused by distant earthquakes,' said a
spokesman.

The Foreign Affairs Ministry said last night that it is monitoring the
situation, but so far there were no reports of Singaporeans affected by the
earthquake.

In KUALA LUMPUR, the landmark Petronas Twin Towers, the 28-storey Wisma IMC
office building which houses the New Zealand High Commission, and the JayaOne
Complex shopping mall in Petaling Jaya were among the buildings affected.

Media relations manager Dalilah Ibrahim told The Straits Times that she felt
dizzy and disorientated when her office in Cyberjaya, Malaysia's equivalent of
Silicon Valley, shook for about 10 seconds.

'I could see my Hari Raya greeting cards shaking on the wall,' she said. 'We
were asked to evacuate the building for about 15 minutes although my office is
on the ground floor.'

Bank officer Delren Douglas, 39, said he could feel the tremors in his
first-floor office.

'It lasted for about a minute and I could see the plants in my office were
swaying,' said the Klang-based worker.

People in Penang also felt the tremors.

A factory executive in the northern state said her third-floor office shook for
more than a minute.

'My colleagues and I were dizzy and nauseous after the tremors,' she said. 'It
all happened so quickly.'

The Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre issued a tsunami alert for Indonesia,
Malaysia, India and Thailand, but withdrew it at 7.30pm last night after the
quake generated no significant waves.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           September 7, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

VOTERS GOT FLURRY OF LAST-MINUTE MAILERS

BYLINE: By JENNIFER SORENTRUE and HECTOR FLORIN Palm Beach Post Staff Writers

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 756 words


Hoping to sway voters before they went to the polls Tuesday, two political
organizations sent out a series of last-minute mailers focused on the
front-runners for outgoing County Commission Chairman Tony Masilotti's seat.

One group attacked Democrat Jess Santamaria, accusing him of not disclosing who
his real estate partners are and alleging he has filed more than 50 lawsuits.

But it failed to sway a majority of residents from voting against him. He won
his party's nomination, soundly beating three other candidates.

The other organization praised Republican John Carroll, calling him "our
champion for affordable housing."

Although Carroll easily defeated four other candidates, he said Wednesday he
didn't know how many voters chose him as a result of the group's mailers.

"You would need a crystal ball to figure that out," Carroll said, adding that
his group of volunteers and own efforts to get out the vote may have had just as
much of an influence on voters.

In all, three independent political organizations spent tens of thousands of
dollars attacking or endorsing both Republican and Democratic candidates. Their
involvement shows just how much influence Masilotti's successor will have in
Palm Beach County's sprawling western district, which includes thousands of
undeveloped acres.

With Santamaria, Carroll and no-party candidate Penny Riccio facing off in the
Nov. 7 general election, there will likely be more fliers arriving in residents'
mailboxes.

Santamaria said Wednesday he "really didn't care" if the ads continue because
the group will be "wasting their money."

"I'm glad to see that public opinion was unmoved by this abusive distortion of
the facts," Santamaria said. "They threw their money in the trash can because it
didn't do anything for them."

His victory came about a week after Progressive Citizens for Truth, a state
electioneering communication group, mailed out three color advertisements. The
organization's chairman, Broward County resident Dennis Macilwain, could not be
reached for comment Wednesday.

Carroll said he has nothing to do with two glossy mailers, one of which touts
him for having "a plan to reduce traffic without raising taxes."

The advertisements were sent out by Tallahassee-based Floridians for
Conservative Values, which is also registered as an electioneering communication
organization. The groups are allowed to take unlimited contributions under state
law.

Floridians for Conservative Values has collected $855,000 since 2004. Nearly
$200,000 of that money was contributed by Clewiston-based U.S. Sugar Corp. and
Florida Crystals of West Palm Beach. Other contributors included builders, real
estate and agricultural interests.

Republican Carol Francis, the runner-up in Tuesday's primary, was also the
subject of an attack mailer sent out by a group known as the Committee for
Concerned Residents of the Western Communities. State business records and the
Palm Beach County and Florida elections offices have no information on the
group.

"I don't know if it really hurt," Francis said. "These people obviously worked
very hard to hurt me."

The Palm Beach County Supervisor of Elections Office had not released official
election results Wednesday afternoon, but most of the votes were counted.

As of Wednesday, Santamaria had 42 percent of the vote; Michael Jackson, a
former South Bay commissioner and city manager, had 25 percent; builder Bill
Gotthelf had 21 percent; and Mark Pafford, the chief executive officer of a
non-profit group, had 12 percent.

In the Republican race, Carroll forged ahead with nearly 43 percent of the vote,
followed by Francis with 27 percent. Greg Schroeder was in third place with more
than 14 percent of the vote, Farrel Levitt finished fourth and Edwin Shepherd
fifth.

Democrats outvoted Republicans in the primary, which is consistent with the
registered voters in the district, where Democrats outnumber Republicans by a
margin of about 42 percent to 33 percent.

According to the District 6 totals, more than 17 percent of the district's
45,754 registered Democrats cast votes in the commission race, while 14 percent
of the district's 36,203 registered Republicans voted in the race.

County GOP Chairman Sid Dinerstein said Republican voters may have stayed away
from the polls because they thought gubernatorial candidate Charlie Crist was
sure to defeat opponent Tom Gallagher.

"The feeling throughout the state was that the Republican primary had become
something other than a tossup," he said.

- jennifer_sorentrue@pbpost.com

- hector_florin@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Did not run MSL.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                            April 30, 2016 Saturday

A rare showcase from China

BYLINE: Susannah Walden

LENGTH: 801 words


As the curtain rises it's as if the audience is peering through a glass
aquarium. Ten dancers lean and sway in slow motion, like seaweed rising from the
sea floor.

BEIRUT: As the curtain rises it's as if the audience is peering through a glass
aquarium. Ten dancers lean and sway in slow motion, like seaweed rising from the
sea floor. They're bathed in a dappled yellow light seemingly filtering through
water to the stage. When one dancer breaks from the calm he seems to move in
slow motion, his limbs like warm caramel, smooth and supple as he winds among
the other dancers.

This is how BeijingDance/LDTX opened the Spring Festival Beirut Thursday night.
The show marked the Chinese dance company's first performance in the Arab world,
artistic director Willy Tsao told The Daily Star.

Contemporary dance has been slowly gaining ground in China in the decade since
the company was founded in 2005, primarily through the work of independent
companies like BeijingDance/LDTX, which was the first professional dance company
founded autonomously from the government.

For its Arab world debut, the company performed a triple bill -
"Circle/October/First Ritual." "Circle" was the continuous thread unifying the
first piece, choreographed by Zi Wei. After the lull of the first vignette, it
was momentarily baffling to hear the familiar opening bars of Dave Brubeck's
classic jazz piece "Take Five," but the incongruity faded as the turns and
rolling movements of the dancers conjured up the image of leaves, caught
spinning down a New York City sidewalk.

The most striking moment in this first work was a pas de deux that told the
recognizable story of the passion and turmoil of a doomed young love. Audience
members were voyeurs to an intense, intimate and brief relationship as the two
dancers rolled across each other's bodies, collided and pushed away while never
truly breaking apart, all to a delicate piano version of another old jazz
standard, "Blame It On My Youth."

The narrative was engrossing enough that the third dancer that was slowly moving
around the edge of the stage seemed like an awkward imposter - until it became
clear she had traveled a full circle around the couple, ending where she had
begun as the duet came to an end.

Choreographed by Song Ting-Ting and Liu Bin, the second piece also brought us
into the world of a couple, this one in the autumn of their lives together. The
dancers in "October" wore gray, him in slacks and a sweater vest over a white
button down, her in a conservative gray skirt and part of a sweater set.

Their side-by-side dance, to delicate piano accompaniment, narrated their daily
lives - cooking, washing, tying shoes, playing the violin, eating dinner. Only a
final momentary pas de deux brought them together and moved them from the center
of the stage before they stretched their bodies side by side in an unmistakable
representation of death.

As is often the case with a show featuring unlinked works by different
choreographers, one is still trying to soak in and process the atmosphere
created by one piece while being pulled into the next one.

"First Ritual," the final piece, choreographed by Li Han-Zhong and Ma Bo, was so
contrasting in its intensity and narrative that it felt like the audience had
been lulled into a state of easy contemplation only to be thrust into a world of
tension, fear, noise and danger. The loose gray and black of the previous pieces
becomes an overwhelming red in the lighting and the dancers' short robes.

As the piece began, the dancers carefully carried 10 bowls of clear water to the
front of the stage. Near the end, the fluid becomes a bright rainbow of primary
colors as the performers wash their hands in the water, only to try to scrub the
color from their skin.

The score was a jungle of sound, beginning with the ominous low hum of
throat-singing as a white coat was hung and illuminated in the center of the
stage. A screeching of strings and horns ensued, a rising tide of animal noises
and commands of "Silence!" from an omnipresent male voice.

Where the performance had started with graceful, cohesive circular movement, it
concluded with sharp angles and groups rushing, clustering, crashing and
trapping others in a Dionysian mob.

Despite the somewhat jarring sensation of watching a sequence of unconnected
works - each powerful in its own way - the performance by BeijingDance/LDTX
offered an impressive showcase for the versatility and talent of China's
contemporary choreographers and dancers.

These artists have drawn upon diverse influences to create a beautiful and
provocative repertoire of works, offering testimony to the company's success
creating a platform for contemporary dance in China.

The Spring Festival continues through May. For more, see
mawred.org/programs-and-activities/spring-festival.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2016 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                              June 1, 2010 Tuesday

Jongleurs to open Yorkshire comedy club

LENGTH: 294 words



HIGHLIGHT: COMEDY group Jongleurs has announced plans to launch six new clubs
this year, including one in South Yorkshire, following a £2m investment.


The clubs, which will be opened in Sheffield, Nottingham, Cambridge, Liverpool,
Manchester and Newcastle, are part of a joint venture with the UK's largest
private bar and club operator Novus Leisure.

The move means there will be 11 Jongleurs clubs around the UK by the end of
2010, with plans for further rollouts in 2011.

The latest expansion plans follow the opening of three new clubs already this
year, including a flagship club at Sway, which is owned by Novus Leisure, in
Covent Garden.

The group said it was seeing strong demand for its new comedy package, Jongleurs
Posh, at its Sway venue, which offers a three-course dinner, table service and
four stand-up acts for £40.

John Davy, Jongleurs co-owner, said: "This fresh investment will help bring our
unique offering to even more customers and new audiences.

"The appetite for a complete comedy and entertainment experience is stronger
than ever and we are experiencing unprecedented demand from corporate and larger
group bookings in particular who are looking for an entertainment
one-stop-shop."

Jongleurs was launched in 1983 by Maria Kempinska, who still co-owns the
business, above a pub in Battersea, London.

In 1985 she joined forces with Mr Davy, and the two of them built up the
Jongleurs brand, with its comedy nights playing host to then unknown performers,
including the likes of Paul Merton and Mike Myers.
Jongleurs later formed a partnership with Regent Inns, which led to it opening
15 venues across the country.

But in 2009 Regent Inns went into administration and the Jongleurs name and
rights reverted back to the original founders Ms Kempinska and Mr Davy.

Regent emerged from a pre-pack administration as Intertain and has renamed its
venues that previously traded as Jongleurs, Highlights.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YPOS


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Yorkshire Evening Post

                              June 1, 2010 Tuesday

Jongleurs to launch six new comedy clubs

LENGTH: 294 words



HIGHLIGHT: Comedy group Jongleurs has announced plans to launch six new clubs
this year, including one in South Yorkshire, following a £2 million investment.


The clubs, which will be opened in Sheffield, Nottingham, Cambridge, Liverpool,
Manchester and Newcastle, are part of a joint venture with the UK's largest
private bar and club operator Novus Leisure.

The move means there will be 11 Jongleurs clubs around the UK by the end of
2010, with plans for further rollouts in 2011.

The latest expansion plans follow the opening of three new clubs already this
year, including a flagship club at Sway, which is owned by Novus Leisure, in
Covent Garden.

The group said it was seeing strong demand for its new comedy package, Jongleurs
Posh, at its Sway venue, which offers a three-course dinner, table service and
four stand-up acts for £40.

John Davy, Jongleurs co-owner, said: "This fresh investment will help bring our
unique offering to even more customers and new audiences.

"The appetite for a complete comedy and entertainment experience is stronger
than ever and we are experiencing unprecedented demand from corporate and larger
group bookings in particular who are looking for an entertainment
one-stop-shop."

Jongleurs was launched in 1983 by Maria Kempinska, who still co-owns the
business, above a pub in Battersea, London. In 1985 she joined forces with Mr
Davy, and the two of them built up the Jongleurs brand, with its comedy nights
playing host to then unknown performers, including the likes of Paul Merton and
Mike Myers.

Jongleurs later formed a partnership with Regent Inns, which led to it opening
15 venues across the country. But in 2009 Regent Inns went into administration
and the Jongleurs name and rights reverted back to the original founders Ms
Kempinska and Mr Davy.

Regent emerged from a pre-pack administration as Intertain and has renamed its
venues that previously traded as Jongleurs, Highlights.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LEED


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Yorkshire Evening Post

                              June 1, 2010 Tuesday

Jongleurs to launch six new comedy clubs

LENGTH: 294 words



HIGHLIGHT: Comedy group Jongleurs has announced plans to launch six new clubs
this year, including one in South Yorkshire, following a £2 million investment.


The clubs, which will be opened in Sheffield, Nottingham, Cambridge, Liverpool,
Manchester and Newcastle, are part of a joint venture with the UK's largest
private bar and club operator Novus Leisure.

The move means there will be 11 Jongleurs clubs around the UK by the end of
2010, with plans for further rollouts in 2011.

The latest expansion plans follow the opening of three new clubs already this
year, including a flagship club at Sway, which is owned by Novus Leisure, in
Covent Garden.

The group said it was seeing strong demand for its new comedy package, Jongleurs
Posh, at its Sway venue, which offers a three-course dinner, table service and
four stand-up acts for £40.

John Davy, Jongleurs co-owner, said: "This fresh investment will help bring our
unique offering to even more customers and new audiences.

"The appetite for a complete comedy and entertainment experience is stronger
than ever and we are experiencing unprecedented demand from corporate and larger
group bookings in particular who are looking for an entertainment
one-stop-shop."

Jongleurs was launched in 1983 by Maria Kempinska, who still co-owns the
business, above a pub in Battersea, London. In 1985 she joined forces with Mr
Davy, and the two of them built up the Jongleurs brand, with its comedy nights
playing host to then unknown performers, including the likes of Paul Merton and
Mike Myers.

Jongleurs later formed a partnership with Regent Inns, which led to it opening
15 venues across the country. But in 2009 Regent Inns went into administration
and the Jongleurs name and rights reverted back to the original founders Ms
Kempinska and Mr Davy.

Regent emerged from a pre-pack administration as Intertain and has renamed its
venues that previously traded as Jongleurs, Highlights.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LEED


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             April 18, 2008 Friday

Ethics in the garage;
Bending the rules appears to be OK -- sometimes

BYLINE: DON COBLE

SECTION: Pg. D-11

LENGTH: 628 words


AVONDALE, Ariz. -- Legendary car owner Junior Johnson used to tell members of
his team if they weren't cheating, they weren't trying hard enough to win. But
there were lines Johnson refused to cross.

The recent flap between car owners Jack Roush and Michael Waltrip about a
missing suspension part stirred an old question in the NASCAR garage: What's
fair in the quest to win?

While everyone admits to working in the gray area -- and beyond -- most said
there are some areas of cheating that are off limits. Cheating NASCAR is one
thing; cheating a competitor is another.

Roush was upset when one of his specialty parts -- a sway-bar -- was taken from
one of his tool boxes last year at Dover, Del.

It was returned earlier this year, but only after Waltrip's race team tried to
have the part duplicated.

Drivers and crews don't have a problem with fenders that don't fit NASCAR's
templates or tricked-up gas tanks and suspensions. But they don't like thieves.

"Well, I don't like stealing, no matter what it is or how it's happening," Dale
Earnhardt Jr. said. "I don't think anybody should steal anything out of
anybody's garage or shop or through a change of hands with employees."

Danny Lawrence, track-side engine manager for Richard Childress Racing and Dale
Earnhardt Inc., believes there's always been an unwritten code of conduct in the
garage area. Although cars are parked 4 feet apart, Lawrence said everyone is
supposed to operate with respect.

"You're always looking for an edge, but there are some things you don't do,"
Lawrence said. "When I talk to another team, I always do it behind the car. I
never walk up and look at somebody else's stuff, especially in the engines. You
don't take pictures; you don't measure their stuff. You don't get under the car
and see what they're doing.

"And you don't pick up things that don't belong to you."

The sway-bar, a steel rod that keeps the car from leaning in the corners, was
taken from Greg Biffle's toolbox at Dover. Waltrip later admitted having the
part, but he claimed it was an honest mistake, saying "things get slung around
everywhere" in the garage.

Waltrip, however, didn't know why the paint had been removed from the part
before his team tried to have it copied at a machine shop near Charlotte, N.C.

NASCAR refused to intervene, saying parts are misplaced and lost in the garage
area all the time.

But is there honor among thieves?

"It depends on the thieves," said NASCAR spokesman Ramsey Poston. "Setting up a
judiciary system doesn't make a lot of sense."

Roush was equally upset with the sanctioning body for not policing ethics in the
garage area. NASCAR's focus was the legality of the part, not how it ended up
with Waltrip.

"I've been racing for 22 years, and I have never stolen anything from somebody
else to gain an advantage or to figure out what they were doing, and I'm not
aware that something has been taken from me of this nature," Roush said.
"NASCAR, so far, has decided not to give me any relief in this."

Jeff Gordon said too much has been made of the missing part, saying if the sway
-bar was so special, it shouldn't have been in a place where it could be stolen.

"I think the FBI should get involved," Gordon said while laughing. "... Why is
it out in the open? We don't leave things laying around [at Hendrick
Motorsports]."

Len Wood, co-owner at Wood Brothers Racing, said Johnson also used to tell
people it's only cheating when you get caught. At the same time, there are
rules.

"We had a question about the way his front-steering system worked, so we asked
him," Wood said. "He invited us to the shop, and we were allowed to look at
anything we wanted. There were so secrets.

"But we wouldn't do that without asking. You don't go sneaking around. That
would have made even Junior Johnson mad."

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
BOB MACK/Times-Union file Michael Waltrip's team works on his car in the garage
area trying to get it ready for inspection before the 2007 Daytona 500.
Waltrip's team was involved in a controversy over a stolen part.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Florida Times-Union


                              313 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 14, 2007 Friday

FILMMAKERS FROM AREA WIN AWARDS AROUND THE WORLD

BYLINE: - DAVE LARSEN

SECTION: GO!; Pg. GO23

LENGTH: 460 words


Local filmmakers won awards last Saturday around the globe.

In Los Angeles, "A Lion in the House" by Steven Bognar and Julia Reichert of
Yellow Springs shared a Primetime Emmy Award for Exceptional Merit in Nonfiction
Filmmaking with Spike Lee's "When the Levees Broke: A Requiem in Four Acts."

Ed Radtke of Yellow Springs won the Venice Film Festival's inaugural Queer Lion
award, honoring a fulllength film with a gay theme or character, for "The Speed
of Life." The film follows a New York City youth who steals video cameras and
downloads the footage. "A Lion in the House" is a four-hour documentary that
follows five Ohio families with children battling cancer. Reichert is a Wright
State University film professor.

The Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards, which was taped, will be broadcast
Saturday at 8 p.m. as a two-hour special on E!

Dayton ThinkTV Channel 16 will rebroadcast "A Lion in the House" in two parts at
4 p.m. on Oct. 14 and Oct. 21.

"The Speed of Life" is tentatively scheduled to open in October at the Little
Art Theatre in Yellow Springs. SHOWING OF FILM MADE IN 48 HOURS

"Held in Sway," a short film that won Best Movie honors at this year's
Cincinnati 48 Hour Film Project, will be screened today at the Neon theater
before the 7:30 p.m. feature showing of "My Best Friend."

"Held in Sway" was created by Mirepoix Pictures, a group that includes Wright
State University alumni Amy Cunningham, Mike Dittiacur and John Mays. In
addition to Best Movie, the film also won Best Directing, Videography and
Musical Score honors.

The 48 Hour Film Project challenges filmmaking teams to make a short film in one
weekend. All creativity - writing, shooting, editing and adding a musical
soundtrack - must occur in a 48-hour window. For more information, visit
www.48hourfilm.com.

The Neon is at 130 E. Fifth St., Dayton. For more information call 222-7469 or
visit www.neonmovies.com.

HORRORAMA LURKS AROUND CORNER

Dr. Creep will host the 11th annual Horrorama Movie Festival on Oct. 26 at the
Englewood Cinema.

This year's Halloween horror movie marathon will feature the films "Fright
Night" (1985), "Night Warning" (1983), Tobe Hooper's "The Texas Chainsaw
Massacre Part 2" (1986) and Lucio Fulci's cult classic "The House by the
Cemetery" (1981). "A Toss of the Coin," a short horror film by Dayton filmmaker
Patrick Steele will make its fifth appearance at the festival.

Horrorama 2007 will benefit the Ohio National Guard's family support charity. An
autographed copy of Quentin Tarantino's "Reservoir Dogs" will be auctioned for
charity.

Tickets are $11 advance, $13 day of show at Englewood Cinemas, 320 W. National
Road, Englewood. For information, call (937) 836-0805. Tickets also are
available at Bell Book & Comic, 458 Patterson Road, Dayton.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              314 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    February 12, 1988, Friday, City Edition

Clearwater companies suing each other over broken contract

BYLINE: CHARLES A. JAFFE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 569 words



Technology Research Corp. has filed a countersuit against a customer    whose
cancellation of a major order led the company to lay off 22    percent of its
work force in late January.

     The lawsuit alleges that W.H.S. Inc. of Clearwater did not pay    $ 634,000
for products that Technology Research sold, delivered and-or    stored on behalf
of W.H.S. from late October through December. In    addition, the suit alleges
that W.H.S. did not adhere to terms of a    $ 6-million contract between the two
companies when it canceled the    final two-thirds of its orders.

     W.H.S. filed a suit early this month alleging that Technology    Research
broke an exclusive marketing agreement that was part of the    contract.

     T.M. Sway, vice president of finance for Clearwater-based    Technology
Research, said that cancellation of the contract - initially    signed in March
1987 - forced his company to lay off 40 workers late    last month.

     "They (W.H.S.) were taking a big chunk of our business, and when    we were
no longer producing on that contract, we had to cut back,"    Sway said
Wednesday. "We have already rehired some of the workers and    we anticipate
hiring back the remainder. We expect to go back to our    full employment level
by April."

     W.H.S. was the exclusive marketer for one of Technology Research's
ground-fault circuit interrupter products. Its suit, filed Feb. 4,    alleges
that Technology Research or its sales representatives violated    an exclusivity
agreement that was part of the initial contract.

     "It's an embarrassment to my client to go into someone and talk    about
being the exclusive dealer only to have someone say, 'Hey, a guy    was in here
last week selling me the same thing,"' said W.H.S.    attorney Howard Ross. Ross
said the two sides met in late January,    "but we couldn't reach an agreement
and now the whole thing will be    settled in the courts."

     The products involved - Technology Research produces nine different
lines - protect users of computers, electrical appliances and other    products
from shock. In a five-year deal signed last March, W.H.S.    agreed to buy at
least 750,000 of the units.

     "We're still producing on the other eight lines, but the product
involved was one of our big sellers," Sway said.

     Technology Research took a write-down of $ 200,000 during the    quarter
ended Dec. 31 because of the canceled contract. The company    posted a
quarterly loss of $ 245,000 on sales of $ 1.75-million.

     Sway predicted that revenues for the current quarter will also be
affected by the lost contract. "We had reached a high point in volume    and we
can't replace the lost business fast enough," Sway said. "We    were on a
profitable track, and we're hoping now that we won't lose    money this quarter.

 We expect to break even."

     Technology Research stock, sold over the counter, closed unchanged
Thursday at 68.75 cents per share.

     W.H.S. is a subsidiary of Western Hemisphere Sales Inc., a    Clearwater
company run by Richard M. Speer. Speer is the son of Roy M.    Speer, chairman
of Clearwater-based Home Shopping Network Inc.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              315 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Observer

                                 March 11, 2001

Review: Arts: WOBBLY BRIDGES

SECTION: Observer Review Pages, Pg. 5

LENGTH: 153 words


Millennium Bridge: opened 10 June 2000. Why the sway? 'Synchronous lateral
excitation'.

Tacoma Narrows Bridge: This early suspension bridge across the Narrows of Puget
Sound was a 'landmark failure in engineering history'. Four months after it
opened in 1940 a 42mph wind sent the main span into a series of torsional
oscillations which increased until several suspenders snapped and the span broke
up. It was replaced in 1950.

Pont Solferino: This footbridge across the Seine opened in 1999 but had problems
similar to those of the Millennium Bridge. At the opening ceremony, as Catherine
Trautmann, the French Minister for Culture, walked briskly across the bridge
followed by her entourage it began to sway and had to be closed immediately.

Alexandra Bridge: This footbridge in Ottawa began to sway last July due to
'pedestrian rhythm'. Sensors have been installed to monitor the swing factor.


LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              316 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            March 29, 2008 Saturday

AUTO RACING NOTEBOOK;
Roush: Car part ripped off

BYLINE: DON COBLE

SECTION: Pg. C-2

LENGTH: 377 words


Jack Roush is mad that somebody stole a car part from one of his race teams, and
he wants justice. If NASCAR won't provide it, he's willing to go to court.

The Ford car owner said when a suspension part created at Roush Fenway Racing
wound up with a Toyota team -- most likely Michael Waltrip Racing -- that
constituted industrial espionage.

"They've stolen the part," Roush said Friday at Martinsville Speedway. "They've
got access to it. They've had an opportunity to see what it does, see what its
efficiency for weight and for function are, and we've been damaged. We've been
harmed by this theft."

Although Roush refused to name the Toyota team, several sources in the garage
identified Waltrip.

Roush said one of his tool boxes was backed against the tool box from a Toyota
team, and the sway bar was taken from under the box. David Reutimann was parked
in front of Jamie McMurray in the garage at Dover -- Reutimann drives for
Waltrip; McMurray drives for Roush.

Earlier this week, officials at Michael Waltrip Racing said they accidently took
a spring from Roush during the tear-down process after a race. Waltrip has
denied that anyone with his organization took a sway bar.

The part in question is used to strengthen the suspension in the front. In
short, it keeps the car from leaning as it travels through the corners.

GORDON WINS POLE POSITION

By winning seven poles and seven races, Jeff Gordon has run a lot of good laps
at tiny Martinsville Speedway. But none were better than the two in Friday's
pole qualifying for the Goody's Cool Orange 500.

Gordon's Chevrolet ran 96.258 mph around the flat half-mile track, allowing him
to start on the pole for Sunday's NASCAR Sprint Cup Series race.

Denny Hamlin, who ran 95.757 mph, will start second, followed by Eric Almirola.

DIXON ON IRL POLE

Scott Dixon took the pole position for the first race of the new era of
open-wheel racing.

Dixon got off to a good start a Homestead-Miami Speedway, winning the first
Indy-style qualifying outside of the Indianapolis 500.

Over the winter, the Indy Racing League announced it would adopt the unique
four-lap qualifying format used at Indy for all of its oval races in 2008. Dixon
took advantage with a four-lap average if 213.341 mph in his Target Chip Ganassi
Racing Dallara.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Florida Times-Union


                              317 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The New Zealand Herald

                            August 20, 2002 Tuesday

David Benioff: The 25th hour

BYLINE: By MICHAEL LARSON

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Books; Reviews

LENGTH: 353 words


Monty has sway. He gets seats at Madison Square Garden like that. He enters New
York's finest nightclubs through the staff entrance, thus avoiding the metal
detectors.

The best stores open late so he can make his purchases, alone, away from the
crowds. Sway, to Monty, counts more than money. And he has plenty of that, also.

Sway is locking eyes with an undercover cop on the subway; you know what he is
and he knows what you are, and you wink at him because he drives a battered
Buick and you drive a Corvette and he cannot touch you. But then the cops do
touch him, and Monty Brogan's world ends.

Busted for drugs - set up by someone within his criminal connections - Monty is
sentenced to seven years at Otisville Federal Penitentiary. How could it happen?

Monty is beautiful, almost pretty, streetsmart, discreet - and has the magical
sway. But it has happened, and now he has to face a change of circumstances.

His friends rally round, and the basis of this book is the different takes they
have on what happened, what should happen and what Monty should do.

There is Slattery, a hard drinking, self-centred Wall Street broker with an eye
on Monty's exotic girlfriend, Naturelle; Jakob, an ever-so-slightly uptight
teacher with inappropriate thoughts about one of his students; and Monty's
long-suffering father, who ultimately offers his son an unlikely escape.

Then there are his crime comrades who throw him a party with a catch. Within it
all is Monty, his eye on the clock, fearful of what will happen to him inside,
both literally and figuratively.

The scenario - one night of freedom - gives Benioff the opportunity to use his
wild imagination to its full extent.

The personality of New York, the disparate buddies with their own neuroses
trying to do what's best, unsure as to what they may be, his well-meaning,
confused father; they're all great characters, well written.

Pathos, action, sex, drugs and violence are all here, dictated at a snappy pace,
with surprising heart. And the ending - well, that would be telling.

A quick and brilliant read.

Hodder & Stoughton

$19.95

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

          Copyright 2002 The New Zealand Herald.  All Rights Reserved.


                              318 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            October 25, 2004 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Political agendas stain TV

BYLINE: Joanne Ostrow Denver Post Staff Columnist

SECTION: Pg. F-01

LENGTH: 523 words


There are rules about "electioneering," using the airwaves to sway voters about
a candidate shortly before an election.

There are laws about character assassination, and there should be red flags when
free speech becomes political speech, when free expression becomes an outright
campaign contribution.

None of these strictures or gut checks bothered the Sinclair Broadcast Group
when it planned to force its 62 stations to pre-empt network programming to air
an attack on John Kerry.

Never mind how that would have infuriated viewers whose primetime routines were
interrupted.

Sinclair backed down when pangs of conscience afflicted its wallet. (The stock
price fell, and shareholders blasted the plan.) At deadline, the film was to air
on 40 stations.

Jon Leiberman, Sinclair's lead political reporter, blasted the company's use of
public airwaves to peddle a political agenda and was fired. "It's biased
political propaganda, with clear intentions to sway this election," he told The
Baltimore Sun. "They're using the news to drive their political agenda I don't
think it served the public trust."

The public trust wasn't on the minds of Sinclair bosses in April, either, when
they forbade their ABC stations from running a "Nightline" telecast. The
Sinclair bosses deemed the ABC News broadcast paying tribute to American troops
killed in Iraq "unpatriotic."

Sinclair is free to fire employees as it pleases. Other reporters have left the
company, claiming they were forced to spin positive stories accentuating
progress made in Iraq. But the net effect of these actions will be to spur
massive protests should Sinclair try to buy more stations for its propaganda
empire.

Money, speech, truth and politics are dangerously enmeshed at election time,
like so much embedded advertising.

"The heart of the issue is the precise relationship between money and speech,"
said Trevor Parry-Giles, a University of Maryland professor who teaches politics
and communication. "Is someone, when they make a campaign contribution, engaged
in an activity protected by the First Amendment? Can we artificially separate
the money necessary for political speech (advertising, etc.) to be seen from the
actual speech itself?"

Sinclair's strategy to show the anti-Kerry film constituted a bona fide donation
to the Bush campaign.

Meanwhile, Jon Stewart told the pundit performers on CNN's "Crossfire" to get
serious and leave the theater to comedians like himself.

"Stop hurting America," he told a stunned Paul Begala and Tucker Carlson.
Stewart spanked the yammering heads who coddle politicians and corporate
interests, reducing the political process to infotainment. Stewart interrupted
the regularly scheduled "Crossfire" chitchat with this shocker: He, as a comic,
doesn't have the same responsibilities as the folks on CNN.

The bow-tied Carlson didn't take kindly to being reprimanded on his own show.
But he looked ridiculous trying to steer Stewart back to less serious territory.

It takes the most trusted name in fake news to speak the truth about the
absurdities of the system.

TV critic Joanne Ostrow can be reached at 303-820-1830 or
jostrow@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

TripleNoize's Sway is swell;
The local rappers who came in second at Talentime 2001 are back with a debut CD,
From Where We Sit

                              June 21, 2002 Friday

Paul Zach


THE late Rat Pack icon, Dean Martin, who always looked inebriated when he
performed, would probably raise his glass again at Clarke Quay's Jams The Club
tomorrow if he was still around.

In fact, he'd probably make it a double had he known a single he recorded in
1954 would become a signature song for a Singapore rap group in the 21st
century.

TripleNoize rode its hip-hop version of Dino's Sway to second place in the group
section of Talentime 2001.

The song will be on the menu when the band launches its debut album, From Where
We Sit, tomorrow afternoon.

On the album, TripleNoize has re-tooled Sway with an orchestral feel that even a
grandfather could love and calls it Come Close (Cha Cha Colata).

'We are into universal music. We listen to all kinds for inspiration,' says
Shafi, 23, who performs in the group as F2.

Also in the group is Rama, 24, also known as 128Ram, and Iswady, 22, aka
Dusty-Dii.

From Where We Sit was produced for Mouse Records by Nikk Eu, the man behind the
Chinese rap-core band works of Chou Pi Jiang. It was mastered in Atlanta,
Georgia, by Glenn Schick, who has worked with American rappers Ludacris, Lil
Jon, Arrested Development and Rasheeda.

The album displays the group's ability to be both experimental yet friendly to
the average radio ear in songs such as Comprehension, Mak Minah and Fact Or
Fiction.

Like all rappers worth their salt, it also voices the concerns of young
Singaporeans in such tracks as Did You Ever Wonder?, Third Eye, Street Knowledge
and Cross-Overs.

From Where We Sit was released yesterday and is sold at HMV's stores in The
Heeren and Citylink.

TripleNoize performs at the launch of From Where We Sit at Jams The Club in
Clarke Quay at 3 pm tomorrow. There is no age limit; the $10 cover includes one
soft drink. Tickets are on sale at Audiosports Proshop in The Heeren, Roxy
Records at Funan Mall, MIZ29 in Tampines Century Square and Queensway Shopping
Centre and Focus Music Studio in Geylang, or call 6459-0061.

SECTION: LIFE!

LENGTH: 335 words

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              320 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            September 2, 2002 Monday

Unique practice pays off; None-to-none: Wrist action should be nil

BYLINE: BOB STEINER

SECTION: Pg. b1

LENGTH: 888 words


I returned to the spot where, exactly two weeks earlier, Smiley had asked me to
practice hitting chip shots while standing on one foot.

As promised, Smiley was waiting for me in front of the 12th green with a small
pile of balls at his feet.

"Well," I said, "I did as you told me. I've been practicing chip shots without
once letting my right foot touch the ground."

"You learn anything?" Smiley asked.

Indeed I had. For two long weeks, I'd stayed away from actually playing golf,
instead spending my time practicing chip shot after chip shot while standing on
just my left foot. And never before was chipping so easy! If Smiley had nothing
else to teach me, it was already the most worthwhile lesson I'd ever had.

"I learned that I don't need my right foot to hit good chip shots. And I learned
that it doesn't take long to develop touch around the green."

"Develop?" he said. "Shoot! Ain't nobody gotta develop no touch. If you can
throw a ball to someone standing 10 feet away, you got enough touch to hit a
good chip shot. The problem is that people sway back and forth when they chip so
they never make decent contact with the ball. But being on one foot makes it
impossible to sway. You either gotta stay still or fall over. Anybody can chip
when they don't sway."

"Why didn't you just tell me not to sway then?" I asked.

"Cause you can't feel it when it happens!" Smiley exclaimed. "You'd stop swaying
for a shot or two, and then say, 'Oh, I got it now,' and then forget all about
it. Some time later, you'd start hitting bad chips again and blame it on
something else besides the sway. That's the reason people don't never get no
better. You gotta practice long past the point where you think you got it. You
have to ingrain it, and that's why I had you spend two weeks on just ya left
foot."

He then told me to take my normal stance and chip some balls for him. Though I
replaced my right foot, it had become comfortable to keep my weight on my left
foot. He said that meant the drill had worked, as was evident in my staying left
throughout the shot.

"Next," he said, "is hand action. First, you gotta learn the 'none to none'
shot.

"What do you mean none?" I asked.

"That's how much wrist action you use" he replied. "On a short little chip shot,
you use a 'none to none,' which means no wrist action on the back swing, and
none on the way through."

I watched him as he demonstrated the movement. He then had me try it.

I positioned my club behind a ball and was about to chip it when Smiley knocked
the ball away from my club. "No ball," he said. "Just make the motion."

He watched me swing back and forth in a "none to none" motion for what seemed
like 100 swings, never taking his eyes off my hands. "You think you can practice
this on your own?" he asked.

It couldn't be any simpler. "I'm sure I can," I said.

He said that the most important consideration when practicing the "none to none"
shot was that the butt end of the club stays pointed outside my left hip, which
is where

it should also be at impact and the finish.

"If you finish with the butt end pointed at your body," he said, "you used your
wrists through impact, and you ain't never gonna get good at chippin' that way."

I put my club behind a ball and tilted the shaft toward the target like he
showed me. Again, he swept the ball from in front of my club. "No balls for a
week," he said.

"What do you mean, no balls?" I asked.

"You gonna 'dry swing' for a week," he said. "You gotta learn to swing without
using any wrist action on the way through the chip shot. I'd say a week oughta
be enough; unless it turns out you need longer than that."

I wanted to try to it on a ball. In what must have sounded like a desperate
plead, I asked, "Wouldn't it be more helpful to practice with a ball? I mean, I
can just make sure I don't get wristy on the way through. I'll keep an eye on
it."

"Oh, I'm sorry!" he said. "But I thought you was looking for some help. I won't
make that mistake again! You can do it however you want."

His point was taken. "All right," I conceded. "I'll dry swing for as long as
you'd like."

Smiley walked toward me with a look that told me I'd better listen.

"Bobby," he began, "can't nobody ever get command over the short shots until
they learn to move through impact without flippin' they wrists at the ball. For
now, a ball sitting there is just gonna make you wanna flip your wrists, 'cause
that's what a beginner's mind says they have to do to get the ball in the air.
'Dry swinging' is the only way to get rid of the flip."

"I understand," I said.

With what was obvious delight, he said, "Good! Now, I think one week will be
long enough."

"So, I'll meet you back here in a week then?" I asked.

"Yes sir," Smiley replied with the first I'd seen of a genuine twinkle in his
eye, "And come early 'cause I'm gonna have a surprise for you."

I didn't doubt for a minute that he'd have a surprise for me.

I walked back to my car thinking how fortunate I was to have met Smiley. Maybe
his approach was a little extreme, but so was my desire to become great.
Whatever he had in store, I'd be there early the next week.

Steiner serves as the director of instruction at Eagle Ridge Inn & Resort.
Steiner's e-mail address: bobbysteiner@msn.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              321 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Oct. 21 Letters to the editor

BYLINE: Oakland Tribune Letters to the editor

SECTION: MY TOWN; Letters; Opinion

LENGTH: 595 words


Union City voters should reject KK

Union City residents should vote no on Measure KK. Keeping the flatlands along
Mission Boulevard zoned for agriculture, not development, is in keeping with its
residents' past voting history. The Masonic Home has spent more than $200,000 to
overpower the residents' 1996 vote to keep this land open space by using
deceptive advertisement under the guise of senior services to sway votes. We all
should be in favor of medical facilities and housing for our elderly population.
However, the Masonic Home is not required under this measure to provide any of
these things, certainly not to the public.

Once the zoning is changed, the Masonic Home has no legal obligation to fulfill
any campaign promises. Measure KK supporters have already tried to sway the city
and its residents on two separate occasions by presenting fancy, expensive plans
of housing and shopping. This is the third attempt. If voters pass this, who's
to say plans for the Masonic Home won't change again. No laws will prevent it.

Please save our open space by voting no on Measure KK.

Codel Frydendahl

Union City

Support Huang for water board director

I'm writing in support of incumbent Judy Huang for Alameda County Water Board
director. I've attended many board meetings and am impressed with Huang's
technical expertise and handling of complex issues.

She is also tenaciously responsive to citizen, ratepayer input. Recently, she
questioned water district staff's list of criteria for ending the drought
surcharge, saying it was too vague, therefore, not trackable by the public. She
refused to OK it and cast the only no vote.

I encourage a vote for Judy Huang to ensure she is there for the citizens of the
Tri-City area.

Connie Bush

Fremont

Debro should be top board candidate

Karl Debro should be the top District 4 Oakland school board candidate.

The Oakland Unified School District and our new superintendent all agree that
focusing on the middle schools and high schools must be our priority in the next
few years.

District 4 has a school board candidate who has spent more than 25 years in
education focused on teaching middle and high school students, and bringing
programs such as AVID to national acclaim. A fully credentialed teacher and
administrator with a doctorate in education and a successful track record, it
only makes sense to elect someone to the board who has educational experience.
Now that Gary Yee is no longer on the board to lend his important perspective as
an educator, we must rally to have at least one true educator on the board.

I recently saw a cartoon that said, "Those who can, teach. Those who can't, make
laws that negatively impact our schools." Let's elect proven educator Karl Debro
for school board, District 4.

Katie McLane

Oakland

Odd correction by Swearengin

If the paper's endorsement of Ashley Swearengin for California controller rests
on her accomplishments as mayor of Fresno, there's one thing I'd like to know.
It may be a minor point, but it deserves an answer.

On the ballot for the June primary, she referred to herself as "Mayor, City of
Fresno." When she filed for the November election, she changed that to
"Mayor/CEO." As the mayor of a city with "strong mayor" government, she's
entitled to call herself "CEO" if she wants to, but why did she take "Fresno"
off the ballot?

California voters have a right to the information she removed, and I understand
that some voters in Fresno were upset by the omission. It just seems an odd
correction for an elected official who claims to be devoted to transparency.

Kathy Galvin

Albany

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Oct. 21 Letters to the editor

BYLINE: Oakland Tribune Letters to the editor

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 595 words


Union City voters should reject KK

Union City residents should vote no on Measure KK. Keeping the flatlands along
Mission Boulevard zoned for agriculture, not development, is in keeping with its
residents' past voting history. The Masonic Home has spent more than $200,000 to
overpower the residents' 1996 vote to keep this land open space by using
deceptive advertisement under the guise of senior services to sway votes. We all
should be in favor of medical facilities and housing for our elderly population.
However, the Masonic Home is not required under this measure to provide any of
these things, certainly not to the public.

Once the zoning is changed, the Masonic Home has no legal obligation to fulfill
any campaign promises. Measure KK supporters have already tried to sway the city
and its residents on two separate occasions by presenting fancy, expensive plans
of housing and shopping. This is the third attempt. If voters pass this, who's
to say plans for the Masonic Home won't change again. No laws will prevent it.

Please save our open space by voting no on Measure KK.

Codel Frydendahl

Union City

Support Huang for water board director

I'm writing in support of incumbent Judy Huang for Alameda County Water Board
director. I've attended many board meetings and am impressed with Huang's
technical expertise and handling of complex issues.

She is also tenaciously responsive to citizen, ratepayer input. Recently, she
questioned water district staff's list of criteria for ending the drought
surcharge, saying it was too vague, therefore, not trackable by the public. She
refused to OK it and cast the only no vote.

I encourage a vote for Judy Huang to ensure she is there for the citizens of the
Tri-City area.

Connie Bush

Fremont

Debro should be top board candidate

Karl Debro should be the top District 4 Oakland school board candidate.

The Oakland Unified School District and our new superintendent all agree that
focusing on the middle schools and high schools must be our priority in the next
few years.

District 4 has a school board candidate who has spent more than 25 years in
education focused on teaching middle and high school students, and bringing
programs such as AVID to national acclaim. A fully credentialed teacher and
administrator with a doctorate in education and a successful track record, it
only makes sense to elect someone to the board who has educational experience.
Now that Gary Yee is no longer on the board to lend his important perspective as
an educator, we must rally to have at least one true educator on the board.

I recently saw a cartoon that said, "Those who can, teach. Those who can't, make
laws that negatively impact our schools." Let's elect proven educator Karl Debro
for school board, District 4.

Katie McLane

Oakland

Odd correction by Swearengin

If the paper's endorsement of Ashley Swearengin for California controller rests
on her accomplishments as mayor of Fresno, there's one thing I'd like to know.
It may be a minor point, but it deserves an answer.

On the ballot for the June primary, she referred to herself as "Mayor, City of
Fresno." When she filed for the November election, she changed that to
"Mayor/CEO." As the mayor of a city with "strong mayor" government, she's
entitled to call herself "CEO" if she wants to, but why did she take "Fresno"
off the ballot?

California voters have a right to the information she removed, and I understand
that some voters in Fresno were upset by the omission. It just seems an odd
correction for an elected official who claims to be devoted to transparency.

Kathy Galvin

Albany

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (New York)

                            April 7, 2004 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

WXPK REBUILDING ON A SOLID ROCK FORMAT

BYLINE: By DAVID HINCKLEY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: TELEVISION; Pg. 80

LENGTH: 527 words


The format wheel has spun again at WXPK (107.1 FM) in White Plains, and this
time it's come up "World Class Rock," a mix of new and old rock from familiar
artists like Dave Matthews, U2, Bruce Springsteen, Elvis Costello and the
Rolling Stones.

The format of "The Peak" is rock-based Adult Album Alternative (Triple-A), says
Fred Bennett, vice president of Pamal Broadcasting. But he says it isn't quite
like the area's established Triple-A station, WFUV (90.7 FM).

"We won't be quite as eclectic as other stations with that designation," says
Bennett. "Our listeners will recognize almost everything they hear."

To "establish our sound," says Bennett, the Peak at first will feature
better-known songs by core artists.

Later, he says, "We'll go deeper into their catalogues. Where another station
would play 'New Year's Day' by U2, we might play 'Sunday Bloody Sunday.' We'll
play a lot of Pink Floyd, but probably not 'Another Brick in the Wall.' "

WXPK will focus on rock, though it will sprinkle in related forms like blues or
reggae. It will go back to the Stones and Beatles "and continue up to Norah
Jones."

The station is looking for listeners "who have a diversified view of music and
don't have a station now," says Bennett.

It kicked off Monday without hosts, and Bennett says there is no timetable for
when they will be hired. They will be phased in, he says, along with traffic,
news and other elements. Once the station's Web site is installed, probably next
week, The Peak will form a Listener Advisory Board, whose ideas on music "will
be taken very seriously," Bennett says.

WXPK can be heard into Manhattan, Queens and the Island as well as north Jersey
and Westchester.

HOT MORNINGS: DJ Sway is no longer the acting host of the WQHT (97.1 FM) morning
show.

Sway left after 11 months because his MTV hours changed, says Tracy Cloherty,
vice president of programming for WQHT's parent, Emmis Communications.

DJ Envy and Miss Info are holding down the mornings for now, says Cloherty. She
also says there are discussions about Sway doing another show.

Hot's last permanent morning team, Star and Buc Wild, is now doing mornings at
WPHH (104.1 FM), a Clear Channel station in Hartford.

CONDI LIVE: National Security Advisor Condoleeza Rice's testimony before the
9/11 Commission will be carried live tomorrow at 9 a.m. on at least three
stations: WABC (770 AM), WNYC (820 AM) and WCBS-AM (880).

WBAI (99.5 FM) also is expected to follow it closely, as will WINS (1010 AM).

WABC will use ABC network correspondents and local hosts Curtis Sliwa, Ron Kuby
and John Gambling.

WNYC will have Linda Wertheimer as anchor and Mary Louise Kelly doing
commentary. WNYC's Brian Lehrer, heard 10 a.m.-noon, will be carried tomorrow
only on WNYC-FM (93.9) and his show will focus on Rice's testimony, with
portions carried live.

The 9/11 Commission member Bob Kerrey will be Lehrer's guest on Friday.

AROUND THE DIAL: WBAI carries a rally for Haitian democracy tonight, 8-10.
Joseph Lanza, author of "Elevator Music," guests today, noon-3 p.m., with Irwin
on WFMU (91.1 FM). Yardley Smith, voice of Lisa on "The Simpsons," guests
tomorrow morning with Jim Kerr on WAXQ (104.3 FM).

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              324 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  Toronto Star

                    October 26, 2001 Friday Ontario Edition

YOU ASKED US Walter Stefaniuk

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 474 words

Edison didn't

invent 'hello'

Q Did the American inventor Thomas Edison coin the word "hello"?

A No. He popularized it as a greeting, though. The first sound Edison uttered
into his phonograph invention in 1877 was "Halloo!" And in a letter soon after,
he proposed that hello be used as a greeting for the telephone, "as it can be
clearly heard 10 or 20 feet away."

Alexander Graham Bell , who'd invented the telephone in 1876, answered the phone
with a "Hoy, hoy," a Gaelic hello.

A salutation at an experimental telephone switchboard was the nautical hello,
"Ahoy! Ahoy!"

But many quotations are found in literature with various spellings of hello long
before Edison came up with it. An example from 1865 in the U.S. is "Halloa, old
smart Aleck. . . ."

Quotations found in dictionaries show hello was used as far back as the Middle
Ages as a cry to attract attention under such spellings as halloo, hilloo,
helloo and hello.

Hello is also listed in older dictionaries as an exclamation of surprise, as in
"Hello! What's this?"

But when the popular Edison used hello as a greeting, his many admirers copied
it and soon so did the general population.

It should be mentioned, though, that while Edison gets the credit for
popularizing the greeting, quite possibly his inspiration came from a telephone
greeting used by an associate at his Menlo Park laboratory in New Jersey.
Theodore Puskas, a Hungarian scientist who'd worked at the lab, is said to have
answered the phone with a "Hallom." It means "I hear you" in Hungarian. Later,
the busy Puskas shortened the greeting to "Hallo" - which means hearer or
listener.

Swing and sway

How much does the CN Tower sway?

Official tower statistics say the Sky Pod, which is 351 metres up the 554-metre
tower, would sway "3 feet, 4 inches in a 110 mile-per-hour wind." That's about a
metre in a 175 km/h blow.

By comparison, the 74-storey First Canadian Place at King and Bay Sts. could
sway 30 centimetres, a foot, in heavy wind without damage.

CALENDAR

Events: American Congress invites Canada and Nova Scotia to join the 13 colonies
against England, 1774; New York's Erie Canal opens, 1825; International
Committee of the Red Cross established in Geneva, 1863; Republic of South
Vietnam established by Ngo Dinh Diem, 1955; two Russian Cosmo satellites
complete first docking in space, 1967; American Baby Fae, born with severe heart
defect, is given the heart of a baboon in an experimental operation, but lives
only 15 days, 1984.

Birthdate: Dutch Renaissance leader Desiderius Erasmus, 1466; Serbian folklorist
Vuk Stefanovic Karadzic, 1787; Russian Communist leader Leon Trotsky, 1879; Shah
Mohammed Reza Pahlavi, last shah of Iran, 1919; lawyer Hillary Rodham Clinton,
former U.S. first lady, 1946: Ivan Reitman, comedian, Hollywood filmmaker, 1946.


LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              325 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     April 25, 1996, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Shopping center plan ends community's saga

BYLINE: Chris McDermott; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Pg. 01H

LENGTH: 488 words


A plan by developer John McGrew to build a shopping center with a village-type
look to it in Roswell's tiny Sway Branch community brings to a close a more than
10-year struggle by owners to escape the run-down street.

McGrew, who is purchasing all 16 homes in the area along Swaybranch Drive,
appears to be the last in a line of several developers who have tried to build a
shopping center on the property and provide an escape for the homeowners.
Residents began complaining in the early 1980s that development along Holcomb
Bridge Road has made it unsuitable for residential use. Until recently, the city
disagreed, denying several attempts to rezone the neighborhood.

Now most houses on the street are rented and some have been purchased by
investors in recent years.

"This is the first plan that everybody has supported in the neighborhood and the
city," said Mayor W.L. "Pug" Mabry. "The best part about the plan is that he's
committed to buying up all of the property, so he's not going to leave anyone
high and dry with no place to go."

According to Sway Branch property owner Chester Swetmon, McGrew will be paying
the homeowners about $ 175,000 for a typical half-acre piece of property. Fulton
County lists the houses as residential property and values them from $ 86,700 to
more than $ 106,000.

Swetmon, who owns two houses and two lots in Sway Branch, obtained his real
estate license last year so that he could package all of the homes as a single
deal. "We'd had offers for individual pieces of property," he said, "but until
now no one really tried to get an assemblage done. Most people were skeptical at
first because they'd been involved with this for 10 years or so and seen two or
three deals that went down the drain."

One such aborted deal occurred in the late 1980s, when Candler Development Co.
proposed turning the area into a shopping center. After getting turned down by
the city, residents won an appeal that would have allowed Candler to proceed.
But by the time the court battle was over, Candler couldn't get its financing,
and the plan was abandoned.

City Councilman Steve Dorvee became involved in politics in Roswell in 1985 by
opposing the rezoning of the Sway community. "This looks to be a unique
approach," he said. "Had this plan been proposed back in the mid- '80s, I don't
know what would have happened. There would have been opposition to it, but there
would have been a lot more uncertainty."

According to McGrew, the development will occur in two phases. The first phase
will cost about $ 18 million and could be open by next spring or early summer.
Features of the center will include a 500-car underground parking deck, an
"integrated village effect," aesthetic landscaping and about 20 major name
stores, including a possible major bookstore and cafe.

"We're not looking for big-box users," McGrew said. "We're concerned with
getting someone who fits."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Sold: Former property owner Chester F. Swetmon stands at a

 site that was sold to a development company. / LOUIE FAVORITE / Staff

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              326 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 7, 2012 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Bridge Built to Sway When the Earth Shakes

BYLINE: By HENRY FOUNTAIN

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Science Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1566 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- Venture deep inside the new skyway of the San Francisco-Oakland
Bay Bridge, and it becomes clear that the bridge's engineers have planned for
the long term.

At intervals inside the elevated roadway's box girders -- which have the
closed-in feel of a submarine, if a submarine were made of concrete -- are
anchor blocks, called deadmen, cast into the structure. They are meant to be
used decades from now, perhaps in the next century, when in their old age the
concrete girders will start to sag. By running cables from deadman to deadman
and tightening them, workers will be able to restore the girders to their
original alignment.

The deadmen are one sign that the new eastern span of the Bay Bridge, which
includes the skyway and a unique suspension bridge, is meant to last at least
150 years after its expected opening in 2013. (The existing eastern bridge,
which is still in use, will then be torn down.)

But to make it to the 22nd century, the new span may at some point have to
survive a major earthquake, like the one that destroyed much of San Francisco in
1906 or the one that partly severed the Bay Bridge in 1989. With two faults
nearby that are capable of producing such large quakes, survival is no simple
matter.

Say what you want about the project -- and as the construction timeline has
lengthened past a decade and costs have soared over $6 billion, plenty has been
said -- keeping the bridge intact in an earthquake has always been the
engineers' chief goal.

And to meet that goal, they are going with the flow: designing flexible
structures in which any potential damage would be limited to specific elements.

''We wanted to make this bridge flexible so that when the earthquake comes in,
the flexibility of the system is such that it basically rides the earthquake,''
said its lead designer, Marwan Nader, a vice president at the engineering firm
T. Y. Lin International.

That contrasts with another potential approach: making the bridge structures
large enough, and rigid enough, to resist movement. ''Massive and stiff
structures would look absolutely ugly and be very, very expensive,'' said
Frieder Seible, dean of the Jacobs School of Engineering at the University of
California, San Diego, who tested many elements of the bridge design.

That design includes a 525-foot-tall suspension bridge tower made up of four
steel shafts that should sway in a major earthquake, up to about five feet at
the top. But the brunt of the force would be absorbed by connecting plates
between the shafts, called shear links.

The bridge's concrete piers are designed to sway as well, limiting damage to
areas with extra steel reinforcing. And at joints along the entire span there
are 60-foot sliding steel tubes, called hinge pipe beams, with sacrificial
sections of weaker steel that should help spare the rest of the structure as it
moves in a quake.

''At the seismic displacement that we anticipate, there will be damage,'' Mr.
Nader said. ''But the damage is repairable and the bridge can be serviceable
with no problems.''

Emergency vehicles and personnel, at the least, should be able to use the bridge
within hours of a major earthquake, after crews inspect the structure and make
temporary fixes, like placing steel plates over certain joints. Given that the
Bay Area's two major airports would be expected to be out of service after such
a disaster, this bridge and the Benicia-Martinez Bridge, another seismically
secure span about 20 miles to the northeast, would be ''lifeline'' structures to
bring assistance to the stricken region from an Air Force base inland, said Bart
Ney, a spokesman for the California Department of Transportation.

It was an earthquake that made this replacement span, which runs for 2.2 miles
between Oakland and Yerba Buena Island in the middle of San Francisco Bay,
necessary. The Loma Prieta quake of 1989, the first to occur along the San
Andreas fault zone since the 1906 disaster, caused part of the existing
steel-truss span to collapse, killing a motorist. The bridge was closed for a
month. That quake, with a magnitude of 6.9, caused strong shaking that lasted
about 15 seconds and movement far greater than the 1930s-vintage bridge had been
designed to handle.

''When the bridge was subjected to those earthquake motions in 1989, it
literally was stretched and, basically, one of the spans fell off,'' Mr. Nader
said. Most experts agree that a stronger quake, most likely along the San
Andreas or the Hayward fault, in the East Bay, could cause a total collapse of
the old span.

There is a strong likelihood of a large earthquake in the Bay Area -- about a
2-in-3 chance of magnitude 6.7 or larger before 2036, according to the United
States Geological Survey and other institutions. But Mr. Nader and his
colleagues were not so much concerned with magnitude measured at the epicenter
as they were with ground motions at the bridge site. They planned for the
largest motions expected to occur within 1,500 years.

After the 1989 quake, engineers determined that the bridge's western span -- a
double suspension bridge between San Francisco and Yerba Buena Island -- could
be made seismically safe, with some modifications. But the eastern truss bridge
and causeway would eventually have to come down. (The Golden Gate Bridge was
undamaged in the quake, but has been retrofitted to prepare it for a larger
one.)

Among the eastern span's problems were that the foundations of the piers were
sitting not on rock, but in mud that could shake like jelly in a quake,
magnifying the motion.

The planning for the bridge's replacement was delayed by squabbles over the path
the new bridge would take across the bay and the ''look'' of the span, with East
Bay residents especially vocal about their desires.

''Folks would say that they feel that all the glamorous signature spans tend to
be on the San Francisco side of the bay and that the East Bay gets the simple
and utilitarian type of bridge,'' said Mr. Nader, who earned his doctorate at
the University of California, Berkeley, and experienced the 1989 quake
firsthand. ''So they wanted a signature span.''

They got one. Unlike more conventional suspension bridges, in which parallel
cables are slung over towers and anchored at both ends in rock or concrete, the
2,047-foot suspension bridge has only a single tower and a single cable that is
anchored to the road deck itself, looping from the eastern end to the western
end and back again. (With a conventional design it would have been extremely
difficult to create an anchorage on the eastern end, in the middle of the bay.)

The new bridge is the longest self-anchored suspension bridge in the world, and
it is asymmetrical, with one side of the span longer than the other. (Mr. Nader
says it looks like half a conventional suspension bridge.) The choice of such a
design raised the cost of the project significantly. In a conventional
suspension bridge, the road deck is added last, hung from suspender cables
attached to the main cables. In a self-anchored design, the deck has to be built
first.

''You have a kind of chicken-and-egg situation,'' Mr. Nader said. ''You need the
deck to carry the compression so that the cable anchors into it, but the deck
can't carry itself until the cable is there to carry it. So you have to build a
temporary system.''

That system, called falsework, is basically a bridge to hold up the road deck
until the cable is in place -- an operation that began in late December and was
expected to take up to six months. The falsework needs to be seismically secure
as well, adding to the cost.

In all the discussions over a signature span, Mr. Nader said, there was deep
interest in having only a single tower. But that created design problems. ''In a
single tower, there is a lack of redundancy,'' he said. ''Just like a pole. If
you have a pole and the pole starts shaking, all the damage will occur at the
bottom.''

The solution, fleshed out in conversations with the bridge's architects, was to
split the tower into four shafts and tie them together with the shear links,
which Mr. Nader had become familiar with during his Berkeley years through a
professor who had tested them in certain kinds of building frames.

The links are of a special grade of steel that deforms more easily than other
grades, and they are placed at specific points along the length of the tower,
which affects how the shafts will move in a quake. ''Based on where you place
the shear links, you can tune the dynamic response of your tower,'' said Dr.
Seible, of the University of California, San Diego.

Under normal conditions, the shear links help to stiffen the four shafts against
wind and other loads. ''But when you come to larger earthquake loads, these
links start yielding,'' Mr. Nader said. ''It's taking the energy that's being
pumped into the tower.''

Mr. Nader said he already knew which shear links would be most damaged in a
major earthquake -- those that are about two-thirds of the way up the tower. But
the tower would still be structurally sound, he said, and the links would not
even have to be replaced immediately.

It's like what happens after a fender bender, he said. ''Your car is perfectly
drivable, and it's designed that way, with a bumper that can take the shock.

''So you basically stop, just to make sure,'' he went on. ''You see everything's
O.K., and you can come in anytime you want to repair your bumper.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: FAILURE: A section of the Bay Bridge collapsed in the 1989 Loma
Prieta earthquake. (PHOTOGRAPH BY DAN ROSENSTRAUCH/CONTRA COSTA TIMES, VIA
ASSOCIATED PRESS)(D1)
FLEXIBILITY: Marwan Nader, lead designer of the new Bay Bridge span. Plans
account for the largest seismic motion expected to occur within 1,500 years.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY BROOKE DUTHIE)
RIDING THE WAVE: Hinge pipe beams, sliding steel tubes 60 feet long at joints
along the span, will allow movement while absorbing energy in a quake.
(PHOTOGRAPHS BY MIKA GRONDAHL/THE NEW YORK TIMES)
TURNING POINT: The suspension bridge's main cable will loop under the road deck,
bending at angled deviation saddles like this one at the western end.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION) (D4) MAPS
GRAPHICS: A Replacement Rises on the Bay: The new eastern span of the San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge, being built to replace an obsolete truss bridge,
has several elements to help it withstand a major earthquake with minimal
damage. The central feature of the span is a 2,047-foot-long single-tower
self-anchored suspension bridge of an asymmetrical design.
Surviving an Earthquake: SHEAR LINK BEAMS: Special steel plates connect the four
shafts of the tower. During an earthquake these shear links will deform,
absorbing energy that might otherwise damage the tower shafts. Afterward the
links can be replaced if necessary.
HINGE PIPE BEAM: Large-diameter steel pipes connect sections of the span,
allowing them to move independently during an earthquake. A section of weaker
steel in the middle can act like a fuse, deforming and leaving the surrounding
structures intact.
SELF-ANCHORED SUSPENSION BRIDGE: Existing western span has been strengthened to
withstand a quake. (Sources: T.Y. Lin International
California Department of Transportation
Newlands & Company)(D1)
Two Ways to Build a Bridge: Self-anchored suspension bridges, like the new Bay
Bridge, are costlier to build than conventional suspension bridges because the
road deck must be supported until the main cable is installed.
 WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE? (Source: T.Y. Lin International) (GRAPHICS BY MIKA
GRONDAHL/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (D4)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              327 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             April 6, 1993 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

AUTHOR GRISHAM HOLDS COURT WITH FERVENT FLORIDA FANS

BYLINE: By LOIS KAPLAN, Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: ACCENT; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 642 words

DATELINE: BOCA RATON


Stiles Weston refused to wait four hours in line to meet author John

Grisham. So the 14-year-old from West Palm Beach made his way to the front and
cornered the author during his break.

"I know I would be perfect for your movie, The Client," Weston told the

author, who listened patiently to a request he's heard countless times before.
"I'm just like (lead character) Mark Sway. I live with my mother and my

brother in a trailer park. My mother is single. I ride a bike."

Grisham told Weston he was a little too old for the part (Mark Sway is

11), and besides, the author has nothing to do with casting.

Dejected, Weston left Liberties Fine Books & Music, and Grisham got back

to autographing novels. The store sold more than 3,000 Grisham books-- a

Liberties record -- as hundreds waited in line Thursday for as long as four

hours to meet the trendy author.

"It's very humbling, almost frightening," said Grisham, shaking out his

aching hand and twisting his torso during a break.

Grisham and his readers find it hard to explain exactly why his books-- A Time
to Kill, The Firm, The Pelican Brief and the recently released The Client --
have become so popular.

"It is high-quality commercial fiction," said Grisham, a former lawyer

who works out of his farm house near Oxford, Miss. "I'm a famous writer in a

country where very few people read."

To keep the television generation absorbed in his books, Grisham said he

never lets the action slow down. In The Client, Mark and his little brother

witness a lawyer's suicide. But before the lawyer kills himself, he tells Mark
where his client, Barry "the Blade" Muldanno, has buried a U.S. senator's

body.

That knowledge puts Mark's life in danger, and he hires a lawyer, who has plenty
of her own problems.

Casting decisions have not yet been made public, but Grisham expects

Julia Roberts to star in the film version of The Pelican Brief. In The Firm,

expected to be released this summer, Tom Cruise will head the cast.

Clearly, Hollywood expects these movies to be big. Grisham, 38, sold movie
rights to his three latest books for about $4.4 million.

"I try to write books that are highly entertaining, good, suspenseful

stories," said Grisham, who wore a dark denim shirt and khaki jeans and

drummed the desk as he waited for the next fan. "There's got to be a strong

element of suspense early on. There is a deliberate effort to make the pages

turn. I want people to lose sleep."

A father of two and a former Mississippi state legislator, Grisham got so bored
working as a small-town lawyer that he started writing books in 1984 in his
spare time. He sent manuscripts to several agents, but only one-- Jay

Garon-- was interested.

At about the same time, Americans were becoming fascinated with law and

legal dramas, such as L.A. Law and Scott Turow's novels. Although Grisham's

stories don't concentrate on the courtroom, they do revolve around lawyers,

law offices, conspiracies and bureaucracies.

"You can't put them down once you start reading them," said G.G.

Harrison, 31, a Coral Springs interior designer who bought 15 copies of The

Client for her own clients. "You feel like the same thing could happen to any
other Joe Schmoe who happened to be there."

The realness of the characters seems to inspire many Grisham readers.

During the signing, one woman told him: "You inspired my son to go to law

school."

Looking out of the corners of his blue eyes, Grisham quipped: "That's

what I hoped to inspire him not to do."

Unlike many book-signing authors, Grisham spent several minutes talking to each
fan as he penned his name in their books. "I get more mail from Florida

than any other state. You people read here," he said.

So now that Grisham has written four novels in four years, what next?

"I've written 100 pages of my next book, but I haven't decided what it's

about yet," he said.

Everyone laughed. And he went back to signing books.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (C)
 LOREN G. HOSACK/Staff Photographer Barbara Gruber gets her book signed by John
Grisham at Liberties in Boca Raton.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

SANTA'S NOT COMING;
LEO'S RUNNING SCARED

BYLINE: KEVIN BYRNE

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 549 words


CARL FRAMPTON had the perfect response to Leo Santa Cruz's excuses for ducking a
Belfast date.

'The Jackal' tweeted last night: "My da used to say 'don't eat too many sweets
or your teeth will fall out'. But I ate them anyway."

Mexican-American Santa Cruz had said that he will not travel to Belfast for a
rematch with Frampton - because his father is scared of being robbed by the
judges over here.

The WBA featherweight champ regained his title when he pipped 'The Jackal' on
points in Las Vegas' MGM Grand last month.

Frampton, 29, had torn the belt from Santa Cruz's grasp when they met in New
York the previous July.

Now that they have fought twice in the US, the man from Tiger's Bay was hoping
that the Los Angeles resident, 28, would cross the Atlantic for a summer
showdown.

But Jose Santa Cruz, who trains the champ, is terrified a vocal Irish crowd will
sway the verdict - as he believes happened in Brooklyn. Leo said: "My dad is
scared that if I go over there, and even if I beat Carl, the people and judges
are going to be an influence.

"No matter if I beat him, he thinks that even if I do, I'll have the victory
taken away from me."

The fighter himself seems to fancy the job and told Frampton after their second
bout that travelling to defend a title is what a rightful champ does.

But his father's reluctance is holding sway.

Leo added: "My dad says not to go over there, because going over there would be
a really bad decision and, you know, he is right and everything.

"But if I go over there and get the win and beat him, for all the fans to see
that I win, that's all that matters.

"Hopefully they see that I win and they give me that.

"It's very important, he's my father, he's been there my whole life, my whole
career. I always listen to him. If he says no, I wouldn't go there. I do
whatever he tells me to do."

Jose was sick with cancer and had only entered recovery when the fighters were
paired for the first time.

He worked his son's corner at Barclays Center following an interrupted training
camp - but was far more influential in the second fight.

And the clever tactics he handed down led Leo - who boxed a far more cautious
fight - to victory.

Jose said: "Sometimes you have to fight differently. You can't always fight the
same way. The ones that know him know he can box. He can brawl. He can do it
all."

Except for travelling to Belfast, it seems. On Frampton's home dream, Jose
(above) added: "No, he can forget it. He can come here and we'll fight but we
won't go over there."

Asked why they will not travel, he replied: "Because they took away the fight in
New York, so over there with more reason, they'll take it again. He can come
over here and we'll fight but not over there."

Instead, he hopes his son rematches another rival in Abner Mares, as they aim to
make it 2-0 against their fellow Mexican-American .

Stetson-wearing coach Jose added: "Mares deserves another opportunity."

Frampton will not be short of options on who to lock horns with this summer.

He is still in the frame to sell out Windsor Park and add a major tick to his
bucket list.

If talks with Santa Cruz break down, their trilogy fight would likely take place
in Las Vegas or Los Angeles in late 2017.

Before that, Frampton would be confident of attracting a big name to Northern
Ireland's national stadium.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CRUZ CONTROL ... Frampton throws a dig at Santa Cruz in their second
bout, which the Mexican-American won

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2017 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           September 22, 2006 Friday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Stones mix things up to bring new satisfaction

BYLINE: Scott McLennan, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; MUSIC REVIEW; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 714 words

DATELINE: FOXBORO


More than a year after The Rolling Stones lit the fuse on its "Bigger Bang"
world tour, the band continues to blow minds in concert.

The Stones opened a fresh leg of the tour Wednesday at Gillette Stadium, marking
its fifth show in the Boston market since launching "A Bigger Bang" at Fenway
Park last August. Even those among the 44,000 in attendance on Wednesday who saw
the Fenway shows and the Stones concerts staged at The TD Banknorth Garden in
January could not have anticipated all the twists and turns worked into the
performance at Gillette.

For starters, there was no traditional "Start Me Up" to open the show. Instead
the night began with Keith Richards playing the chiming guitar intro to "Paint
It Black." Fellow guitarist Ronnie Wood plucked the tune's sitar tone on an
electric hybrid while drummer Charlie Watts pounded out the tribal beat, all in
preparation for singer Mick Jagger's slithery and salacious delivery. Stones
statisticians onsite reported that this marked the first time the band ever
opened a concert with "Paint It Black." Cool.

But the band didn't stop there, layering the top part of its concert with such
rarely played nuggets as "Sway," "Sweet Virginia" and "Ain't Too Proud to Beg."
Not only was the band bypassing a stadium-friendly hits set, it was proving its
vitality in the face of naysayers who accused The Rolling Stones of going to the
well one too many times - especially in Boston - on this tour.

Jagger turned the country honk of "Sweet Virginia" into a boozy singalong.
"Ain't Too Proud to Beg" was a raucous and joyful nod to Motown, and "Sway"
dripped with menace.

Perhaps the most riveting moment of the night came when a blunder occurred.
Wood's guitar crapped out during the dark blues of "Midnight Rambler." As Wood
mugged his way through some air-guitar, Richards picked up the slack with an
extended bit of jamming and Jagger vamped front and center. Once a tech got a
new ax into Wood's hands, the band slid back into the song, rolling and
unrattled, and clearly not stuck to a script.

The Stones fed its fans more manna when Richards took his customary turn at lead
vocals and delivered the wistful "You Got The Silver" (here's a factoid the
statisticians didn't supply the press: The Stones 19-song Gillette set included
four songs from "Let It Bleed," including "Silver," "Rambler," "Live With Me"
and "Monkey Man." Again, very cool).

Richards, who seems no worse for the wear after a bit of brain surgery needed to
repair injuries sustained when he fell out of a coconut tree in Fiji earlier in
the year, generated roars from the crowd when he muttered, "It's been a hell of
a year." And he further stoked the crowd with a blistering rendition of "Little
T&A," a song the band hasn't yet played on the "Bigger Bang" world tour. The
stat people also pointed out that the new ballad "Streets of Love" made its
North American concert debut at Gillette.

Keyboard player Chuck Leavell and bassist Darryl Jones joined the core four for
a three-song set on a small stage that cruised out to the middle of the football
field where the band deployed "Under My Thumb," "Rough Justice" and "Jumpin'
Jack Flash."

The closing run of the two-hour show did tap the greatest hits songbook, with
"Honky Tonk Women," "Start Me Up" "Sympathy for the Devil" and "Satisfaction"
knocking the packed house silly. Though predictable, the closing segment was not
formulaic. Jagger was in performance overdrive during "Sympathy," prancing along
a catwalk high above the stage. And "Satisfaction" came in a fresh arrangement
with punched up horn parts and background vocal work.

Before a glorious finale of fireworks, streaming banners and basic pandemonium,
The Stones blasted through "Brown Sugar," a sweet sound even upon its fifth
serving in Boston.

Rapper Kanye West opened for The Stones, employing a decked out string section
alongside his DJ for runs through his platinum catalog. West's solid work may
not have been the best fit for a Stones crowd, but he did offer up the night's
best bit of irony when the strings lit into "Bittersweet Symphony," a song that
resulted in a sticky copyright lawsuit from The Stones claiming that The Verve
illegally sampled its intellectual property for the composition. And as in most
matters, The Stones prevailed.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
Mick Jagger performs during Wednesday's show at Gillette Stadium.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             August 11, 2013 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

News title added to Bezos's basket;
Critics claim the Amazon boss will use The Washington Post as a power base. By
Simon Duke

BYLINE: Simon Duke

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 989 words


Three years ago, the billionaire founder of Amazon made one of the shrewdest
investments in his garlanded career.

Faced with the spectre of a higher tax bill in his home state of Washington,
Jeff Bezos fought back in the timehonoured American way. He used his wealth to
sway the political process.

With Bezos's $100,000 ((EURO)75,000) donation, a campaign to quash a new income
tax on the state's affluent residents won the day. The tycoon avoided a big hit
to his $25bn fortune. Legislators, meanwhile, were forced to cut deeper into
school and hospital budgets to tame a gargantuan deficit.

Last week Bezos splashed out $250m on The Washington Post, the fabled newspaper
that broke the Watergate story in the 1970s but has since fallen on hard times.
He has bought the title with his own money, not Amazon's, and pledged to
preserve the newspaper's editorial independence. Nevertheless, the takeover
gives him what some critics called a "bully pulpit" in the corridors of power.

Amazon is already one of the biggest spenders on political lobbying among its
technology peers. Between January and June, it spent $1.7m on lobbyists and has
two former senators on its payroll, according to the Center for Responsive
Politics, a research group.

The company tried to sway legislation on many issues, from the government's plan
to impose a US-wide tax on internet sales through to web privacy, patents and
cybersecurity, Senate filings show. Its desire to woo legislators has grown in
step with its spectacular rise.

In 2000, when it began courting Capitol Hill, Amazon spent just $246,000 on its
lobbying efforts. The bulk of the tens of millions of dollars it has spent in
the ensuing 13 years has been ploughed into its efforts to torpedo a tax on all
internet sales in the US.

Under a long-standing loophole in American law, websites and mail-order
retailers are not obliged to collect local sales taxes in states where they
don't have a substantial physical presence. Bezos, a former hedge fund trader,
was alive to this anomaly when he set up Amazon in the mid-1990s. After
considering basing the company on an Indian reservation near San Francisco - an
idea frustrated by regulators - he alighted on Washington state.

"Physical location", Bezos said in an interview at the time, was "very important
for the success of a virtual business". Because Amazon would have to charge
customers in any state where it had offices, "it made no sense for us to be in
California or New York", he added.

There is little doubt that Amazon's ground-breaking click-and-buy technology and
exemplary customer service are the bedrock of its online dominance. However, the
ability to offer goods free of the 5%-10% sales tax prevalent in most US states
has also conferred a pivotal cost advantage on the internet company.

The tide, however, appears to have turned. The American government is pushing
through a universal internet sales tax - a policy that Bezos supports. It was
not only a change in the prevailing wind that forced the U-turn. Amazon has been
opening new distribution centres all over America to provide overnight and even
same-day deliveries to customers, heralding a possible move into groceries.
Because of this expansion it would have had to start collecting sales taxes in
all US states, regardless of whether the rules on internet sales were changed.

Owning The Washington Post would provide a prominent platform to disseminate
Bezos's libertarian world view, if he chose to do so. For the time being,
though, he is likely to use his new acquisition to promote Amazon's interests.

"The values of the Post do not need changing," he wrote in an open letter to
staff. "The paper's duty will remain to its readers and not to the private
interests of its owners."

However, some analysts said that owning the local paper in the American capital
would at the very least turn Bezos into a power broker.

The takeover of the Post "looks to be an investment that is more about power
than money", said Kathy Kiely of the Sunlight Foundation, a Washington think
tank, adding: "For someone with his amount of cash he has a low political
profile at this point but this certainly gives him a bully pulpit." Yet after
years of costcutting under its current proprietor, Donald Graham, staff and
supporters welcomed the change of ownership.

"Jeff Bezos seems to me exactly the kind of inventive and innovative choice
needed to bring about a recommitment to great journalism," said Carl Bernstein,
who with Bob Woodward broke the Watergate story that toppled President Richard
Nixon.

Graham, whose family has controlled the newspaper since 1933, said the idea of
selling had never entered his mind until earlier this year as he contemplated
the seventh straight annual fall in revenues.

Whether Bezos is a safer custodian of The Washington Post remains to be seen.

Profile, News, page 13

Net giants' web of influence

Amazon's efforts to influence Capitol Hill pale by comparison to its main rival.
Google spent $18.2m ((EURO)13.65m) last year on its Washington-based lobbying
operation. Its budget topped many of the biggest names in US business.

The online search giant pressed for overhauls of policy on immigration, internet
privacy and intellectual property. The campaigning appears to have borne some
fruit. It avoided sanctions after a lengthy investigation into alleged breaches
of US competition law.

Apple is stepping up its efforts to establish a platform in Washington after
largely shunning the capital during the late Steve Jobs's reign. Tim Cook, the
current boss, has spent $2.5m since early last year, concentrating efforts on
the Department of Justice.

That looks like money well spent. This month President Barack Obama overturned a
patent ruling that would have blocked the import of some older Apple gadgets
into America. The decision, based on a recent justice department policy
statement, was the first time a president had torn up an import ban since 1987.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Paper profit: Bezos assured staff that the journal's duty remained to
its readers, not its new owner

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             August 07, 2006 Monday

'Hard-fought' 16th moves Gordon up one in standings

BYLINE: <Bz12f"ArialMT">By Bryan Bloodworth;bbloodworth@pantagraph.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 767 words


INDIANAPOLIS - Frustrating was the only way four-time defending champion Jeff
Gordon could describe his day at the track Sunday during the Allstate 400 at the
Brickyard.

Gordon started and finished 16th, but not before battling his way back from four
laps down early in the event. Gordon was forced to the pits on lap 9 for a
27.8-seconds stop to fix a left front flat tire and survey the damage of a
broken sway bar.

That put Gordon two laps down and he fell another lap down when the crew fixed
the sway bar under the first competition caution period eight laps later.

"When you get three laps down at this place, it's hard to ever come back," said
Gordon. "We were just actually fortunate to get back on the lead lap."

Gordon was able to get back on the lead lap by the midpoint of the 160-lap race
by being the recipient of the "lucky dog" pass, meaning he was the car the most
laps down when the caution flag waved. Those drivers are allowed to gain a lap
back.

"We had a great car," added Gordon. "We just didn't need those problems and we
needed track position. That was a hard-fought 16th. It was frustrating to have a
car like ours and not be able to race up front for the lead and for those top
positions."

Gordon's finish allowed him to move up one spot to eighth in the season-ending
NASCAR Nextel Cup Race for the Chase.

"Obviously, these next thee weeks are going to be crucial for us," he said. "I
can't be too disappointed. We could have been a heck of a lot worse than 16th."

Dale Earnhardt Jr. was another driver who was fortunate to move up in the points
from 11th to 10th.

Earnhardt was running mid-pack when the caution flag came out with 17 laps
remaining for debris on the track. Rather than pit, like all the leaders,
Earnhardt's crew kept him on the track and he was in second place when the green
flag waved 13 laps from the finish.

He managed to hang on for a sixth-place finish despite running against the
leaders, all of whom took on four new tires during their pit stops.

"I just had old tires trying to hold my position the best I could," said
Earnhardt. "I wasn't a factor to win. I'd love having a better car and not
having to make that call (to stay out). We can't make the Chase with 30-place
race cars. We took a chance and made it work and just got lucky."

Defending champion Tony Stewart came home eighth after starting 32nd to move
from 10th to ninth in points.

"I think I passed 60 cars or more, so we're pretty happy with it," said Stewart.
"We had an air gun break (on a pit stop). Rather than take a chance, we came in
to make sure the lugs were tight. We went back and battled our way back into the
top 10."

Kasey Kahne took the biggest hit among the points leaders when he crashed on the
last lap. He dropped from seventh to 11th in the standings.

"I was trying to get in a battle with all those guys for positions sixth,
seventh and eighth," said Kahne, who was running ninth and finished 36th.
"Trying to pass Stewart, I got loose. I was trying to stay off Tony and I guess
I ran into the wall."

Nuts and bolts

Next year's race at Indianapolis will be held a week earlier on July 29. It will
be the first of 17 races aired by ESPN and the first time the race will be
televised on cable instead of a broadcast network.

- Sunday's race marked the first time since November, 1975 that a member of the
Waltrip family was not in the starting lineup for a NASCAR race.

Darrell Waltrip retired after the 2000 season and Michael Waltrip failed to
qualify for Sunday's race. It snapped a string of 270 consecutive starts for
Michael Waltrip, which began in 1998. Mark Martin now has the longest string of
starts at 602.

- J.J. Yeley became the 10th driver Sunday to start both the Indianapolis 500
and the Brickyard 400. The others were John Andretti, Geoff Brabham, A.J. Foyt,
Larry Foyt, Robby Gordon, Jason Leffler, Scott Pruett, Stewart and Danny
Sullivan.

Yeley was among five drivers to make their first start in the Allstate 400. The
others were Clint Bowyer, Denny Hamlin, Martin Truex Jr., and Dave Stremme.

- Bill Elliott finished 22nd on the lead lap, again completing 160 laps. He has
now completed 2,080 of a possible 2,081 laps of Brickyard competition to lead
all drivers. Elliott and Jeff Burton remained tied for most times running at the
finish at 13.

- This year's race had the most drivers (35) finish on the lead lap. The
previous best was 31 last year.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Pantagraph


                              332 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                August 18, 2016

Pablo comes to SA: Kanye West to open pop-up store in Cape Town for three days

BYLINE: Arts reporter

SECTION: FRIDAY

LENGTH: 227 words



HIGHLIGHT: The shop opens on Friday and will feature apparel from the rapper's
clothing line, named after his latest album.


On Thursday, the famously unpredictable Kanye West announced via his Twitter
account that he would open 21 stores across the world for three days only.  What
will be on sale?

The rapper's Life of Pablo merchandise, named after his latest album, has been
zealously worn by members of the Kardashian Klan and thousands of fans who stood
outside pop-up stores in the US earlier this year to "feel like Pablo".Read
more: The greatest ever? The history and sounds of Kanye WestEarlier this year,
West launched Yeezy Season 3, a collection that brought New York's Madison
Square Garden to a standstill as Yeezy released his third consecutive
collection, on the periphery of the traditional Fashion Week circuit.  This
after West passionately tried to explain to radio host Sway of Sway in the
Morning how difficult it was for him to break into the fashion industry and how
much money he had lost after being rejected by big international labels like
Fendi and Louis Vuitton.  Other stores which will sell the rapper's famous
hoodies, bomber and biker jackets and T-shirts will be in cities like Melbourne,
Singapore, London, Berlin, Amsterdam and, of course, cities across the US. The
Cape Town pop-up, which opens on Friday August 19 is at 107 Bree Street, Cape
Town.  The store will open at 10am each day and close at 10pm on Friday, 8pm on
Saturday and 5pm on Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           November 3, 2001 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Macarthur parks its swinging vote;
THE CHOICE ELECTION 2001

BYLINE: Pilita Clark

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 654 words


Barry Brown is a retired police inspector who lives in one of the most
interesting seats in this election, the south-western Sydney electorate of
Macarthur.

It is the only electorate in the country that has voted in a member of the
winning party at every federal election since 1949. Forget swinging voters. This
is a swinging seat.

Just before the election was called, the Herald asked a group of uncommitted
Macarthur voters how they planned to vote this year. And back then, Mr Brown,
who lives in Narellan, was very sure of his plans.

"I'm going to vote against John Howard because of the GST," he said. "I'm
retired and we fared the worst out of anybody."

But four weeks later, Mr Brown, 69, has had a big change of heart. Two days ago,
he said: "I went into this believing that John Howard gave us the GST and I will
throw him out come hell or high water and nothing will sway me. Well I'm
starting to sway.

"I started to realise Kim Beazley isn't going to undo the GST. Why am I throwing
Howard out when he's going to retire anyway with a smile on his face?"

And one more thing about the Prime Minister: "I believe he is going to increase
the carers' pension, so I'm starting to swing. Every man has his price, doesn't
he?"

In fact, the Coalition is not promising to increase such pensions. But politics,
as they say, is all about perceptions.

And if today's ACNielsen poll in the Herald is correct, there are a lot more
people in Macarthur who are thinking of swinging to Mr Howard.

The poll shows the seat's neophyte Liberal candidate, the long distance runner
Pat Farmer, ahead of Labor's Meg Oates, a high school teacher and former
Campbelltown mayor, 58-42 per cent a swing of 10 per cent to the Liberals since
the 1998 election.

Jonathan Hyratt, 34, a student and part time drug and alcohol worker, is another
Macarthur voter who has swung from undecided to Liberal in four weeks.

`I'm really liking what I'm seeing John Howard doing," he said. "I'm liking what
he's doing about Tampa and supporting the Americans in Afghanistan. He's not
saying one thing and then doing another."

Mr Hyratt was particularly struck by Mr Beazley rebuking one of his NSW
candidates, Peter Knott, for saying America's terrorist problems were caused by
US foreign policy "coming back to bite them".

"I thought, `Look, come on, if you haven't got your own ranks in order you're
not a good leader'," he said.

James Kelly, 32, a Harrington Park sales representative, said before the
election he was toying with a vote for Labor because he was "basically sick of
the GST".

But yesterday he said bluntly: "There's no way in the world I would ever vote
Labor." He says he can't see how Kim Beazley can both roll back the GST and
spend more on education and health. "Where's the money going to come from?"

The ACNielsen poll found 51 per cent of Macarthur respondents supported the GST
and 44 per cent opposed it.

But not every swinging voter in Macarthur plans to vote Liberal.

Helen Freeman, 50, works at home in Camden and is thinking of voting for Mr
Beazley because "to me he's talking more about Australia and what he wants to
happen to us whereas Howard isn't saying anything".

The ACNielsen poll found the refugee issue did not rate highly in voters' minds.

But migrants are a big issue for voters like Madge Brown, 73, a retired school
matron married to Barry Brown.

Her grandmother worked with Depression-era NSW premier Jack Lang and she has
always voted Labor. But now she's thinking of voting One Nation because Labor
"isn't what it was" and Kim Beazley is "very weak".

"I've got nothing against all these foreign people coming in but for instance,
last year I went to Bankstown Square at Christmas time and there was no
Christmas carols, no decorations, nothing for Christmas because the Muslims
there won't let you have it. I'm frightened, I really am."

And if Macarthur votes the way the ACNielsen poll suggests, the ALP may be just
as frightened.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO ILLUS: Fruitful campaign ... Liberal candidate Pat Farmer visits a
greengrocer in Campbelltown. Photo: Brendan Esposito Not yet in the pink ...
Labor candidate Meg Oates with campaign volunteer Sally Fennell. Photo: Adam
Hollingworth

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2001 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                           January 31, 2015 Saturday

U.S. schoolbook raises ire of Japan;
Abe says history text inaccurately depicts his country's wartime actions

BYLINE: MARTIN FACKLER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 713 words

DATELINE: TOKYO

ABSTRACT

Shinzo Abe, the conservative prime minister of Japan, opened a new front in a
battle to sway American views of the country's wartime history.

FULL TEXT

Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan has criticized an American textbook that he
said inaccurately depicted Japan's actions during World War II, opening a new
front in a battle to sway American views of the country's wartime history.

Speaking in Parliament on Thursday, Mr. Abe pledged to increase efforts to fight
what he called mistaken views abroad concerning Japan's wartime actions, when
the Japanese military conquered much of Asia. He singled out a high school
history textbook published by McGraw-Hill Education that he said contained the
sort of negative portrayals that Japan must do more to combat.

In particular, he objected to a description of women forced to work in Japanese
military brothels during the war, a highly fraught issue in Japan and elsewhere
in Asia. The textbook is used in some public schools in California.

''I just looked at a document, McGraw-Hill's textbook, and I was shocked,'' The
Japan Times quoted Mr. Abe as saying during a meeting of a parliamentary budget
committee. ''This kind of textbook is being used in the United States, as we did
not protest the things we should have, or we failed to correct the things we
should have.''

McGraw-Hill has defended its textbook, saying its account is supported by
historical fact.

Mr. Abe's comments come as his government has sharply increased spending to
improve Japan's image abroad. Japanese conservatives like Mr. Abe have bridled
at historical depictions of Japan as the sole aggressor in the war, saying that
it fought to liberate Asia from Western domination.

Nevertheless, such views have drawn intense criticism from China and South
Korea, two victims of Japan's early-20th-century militarism, which call Mr. Abe
a revisionist out to whitewash Japanese wartime atrocities.

In the past few years, Japan and South Korea have increasingly taken their
rivalry to the United States, trying to sway American public opinion in their
favor. Korean-American groups have used their growing political clout to amend
textbooks and erect monuments promoting Korean views of historical and
territorial disputes with Japan.

Under Mr. Abe, Japan has scrambled to catch up, dispatching diplomats to combat
these efforts, with little success. Last year, the State of Virginia brushed
aside Japanese objections when lawmakers voted to require new textbooks to
include the Korean name, the East Sea, for the Sea of Japan, which lies between
Japan and the Korean Peninsula.

One of the most hotly contested issues has been the portrayal of so-called
comfort women, the euphemistic term for Japanese, Korean and other mostly Asian
women put to work in Japanese military brothels. Korean activists call the women
sex slaves, while Japanese conservatives contend that they were willing
prostitutes. Many scholars say that while there is no evidence that Japanese
soldiers forcibly rounded up Korean women, many former ''comfort women'' have
testified that they were tricked or otherwise trafficked to work in the brothels
against their will.

The textbook cited by Mr. Abe is the most recent target of Japanese government
efforts to alter what it sees as inaccurate portrayals of the issue. The book,
''Traditions and Encounters: A Global Perspective on the Past,'' contains a
passage saying, ''The Japanese Army forcibly recruited, conscripted and
dragooned as many as 200,000 women aged 14 to 20 to serve in military
brothels.''

In January, the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that diplomats from
the Japanese Consulate General in New York had met with McGraw-Hill officials in
December to demand revisions to the textbook. The diplomats told the publisher,
''There are serious factual errors pertaining to the comfort women and the name
of Sea of Japan, which run counter to the Japanese government's position,''
according to an account in the conservative newspaper Sankei Shimbun.

McGraw-Hill put out a statement a few days later saying that it had rejected the
request. ''Scholars are aligned behind the historical fact of 'comfort women,'''
the publisher said, ''and we unequivocally stand behind the writing, research
and presentation of our authors.''

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           January 2, 2013 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Selling PBIA to local businesses;
Officials are interviewing for a marketing director to help build customer
loyalty.

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 488 words


Airport leaders hope to choose a marketing director for Palm Beach International
Airport next month whose No. 1 priority will be to sway local business travelers
to use the hometown airport.

Finance and Administration Director Mike Simmons said five finalists have been
interviewed from within South Florida and someone from out of state will be here
early this month .

None of the local candidates work for the county or its affiliated agencies, he
said.

The field was winnowed from 140 applications, Airports Director Bruce Pelly
recently told the airport advisory committee.

"All the candidates were great," Simmons said. "Hopefully in a couple of weeks,
we'll have a decision."

The job pays $71,000 and is a new position.

County commissioners signed off on the airport's addition with its current year
budget approval.

In general, most travelers at PBIA are flying for vacation rather than business.
But airport officials say businesses that have significant travel budgets have
sway with airlines when those carriers choose where to keep flights or add new
ones.

If more local businesses used PBIA and let the airlines know it, it could help
the airport stem the flow of new flights to competing airports.

The industry has shrunk and is wholly focused on the bottom line, so it has
eliminated many destinations at smaller hubs.

The marketing job is a spinoff of a marketing survey with the intent of
improving the perception of the airport.

The director will attend business development, chamber, and homeowners meetings
and more to emphasize the advantage of using PBIA: convenience, ease of
boarding, safety, cheaper and easier parking.

The director will create a social media marketing campaign and a database of
users.

And the director will help develop strategies to sell the airport in the local
market -- Palm Beach, Martin, St. Lucie and even Indian River counties.

The airport competes with Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport to the
south and Orlando International Airport to the north.

A big part of the problem is that the airport has fewer nonstop flights and a
higher price tag compared with Fort Lauderdale.

Airport leaders hope better marketing helps local customers decide saving time
and hassle is worth a few more dollars.

"There's so much more out there that we're not touching," Pelly told the airport
advisory board last year.

The airport doesn't even have a separate website, he said, and no one is
promoting it on Facebook, twitter and other social media platforms.

New York flights are competitive on price, Pelly said. That should help build
corporate interest.

The airport also plans to join a loyalty program called "thanks again," which
gives points for parking, eating and shopping at member airports.

The cost would be no more than $2,000 a month, Simmons said at the same meeting.

"It would encourage people to spend more in the travel arena because they are
getting points," Simmons said.

eroach@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                              April 5, 2010 Monday

Mexico and southern California shaken by 7.2 magnitude quake

BYLINE: David Batty and agencies

SECTION: GUARDIAN INTERNATIONAL PAGES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 338 words


A 7.2 magnitude earthquake struck last night just south of the US-Mexico border,
rattling buildings as far away as Los Angeles and closing rides at Disneyland.

The earthquake struck at 3.40pm (10.40pm GMT) in Baja California, Mexico, about
19 miles (30km) south-east of Mexicali, according to the US Geological Survey.
The area has been hit by magnitude 3.0 quakes all week.

It was felt for about 40 seconds in Tijuana, Mexico, causing buildings to sway
and knocking out power in parts of the city.

Tremors were felt across Southern California and Arizona, but there were no
immediate reports of serious damage.

Strong tremors were reported in the Coachella Valley and Riverside, California.
The earthquake shook buildings on the west side of Los Angeles and in the San
Fernando valley.

The LA fire department began checking buildings and bridges for possible
structural damage and checking reports of people stuck in lifts, but no damage
has been reported. Rides were temporarily closed at Disneyland in Anaheim,
Orange County.

Across the western US, dozens of people reported feeling the quake on the US
Geological Survey Did you feel it? website. It was felt as far north as Santa
Barbara, USGS seismologist Susan Potter said.

"I'm shaking like a leaf . . . the pool water was going everywhere," Jean Nelson
in Indio, near Palm Springs, told Reuters.

In Phoenix, Arizona, Jacqueline Land said her bed in her second-floor apartment
felt like a boat gently swaying on the ocean. "I thought to myself, that can't
be an earthquake, I'm in Arizona," she said.

Mike Wong, who works at a journalism school in Phoenix, said he was in his
second-floor office when he felt the building start to sway. "I heard some
cracking sounds, like Rice Krispies," he said. "I didn't think much of it, but I
kept hearing it, and then I started feeling a shake."

An earthquake also hit northern California yesterday afternoon. The USGS said a
quake with a preliminary magnitude of 4.0 was recorded at 3.49pm local time
about 25 miles (40km) north of Santa Rosa.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                               May 8, 2009 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Party's message turns off would-be Republicans

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 366 words


Commentary writer Jonah Goldberg's opinion piece asked, "What does the future
hold for GOP?" As someone who has voted Republican since 1972, I am disheartened
to have to say that, unless some dramatic changes take place soon, the answer to
Goldberg's question is not much (The Forum, Tuesday).

Two things must happen for me to again confidently vote Republican:

*The Republican Party must officially state that evolution is a scientific fact,
and that "creation science" has no more validity than alchemy or claims that the
earth is flat. When this happens, I will know that reasonable, rational minds
run the party. Though I am not at all comfortable with the Democrats who are
moving the country toward socialism, I am nothing short of appalled at the idea
of the religious right pushing us toward a medieval theocracy.

*The party's true leaders must unambiguously state that a racist, self-righteous
blowhard (I'm thinking Rush Limbaugh) doesn't speak for the GOP. When this
happens, I'll know the party has returned to the ideals of the historical
leaders in whom I have always believed, such as Theodore Roosevelt, Robert Taft,
Margaret Chase Smith  and Barry Goldwater.

In the meantime, party affiliation will not sway my vote in favor of a
candidate, but it could very well sway my vote against one.

Harry Wastrack

Sterling, Va.

Stop dictating values

In his piece, Jonah Goldberg quotes Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine as  saying, "It
was when we began to emphasize social issues to the detriment of some of our
basic tenets as a party that we encountered an electoral backlash." Then he
responds, "Such analysis is gospel in many quarters, though it doesn't make much
sense."

I think he is wrong on both  counts. It isn't gospel, and it makes a lot of
sense. I have never been a member of either political party, but I voted
Republican for many years. When I realized that the party had been taken over by
those who were trying to legislate social values and religious beliefs, then I
could no longer vote for Republicans.

Political parties should be political, and they shouldn't be in the business of
making it illegal for me to follow my own values and religious beliefs.

Montez Beard

Casa Grande, Ariz.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Web Bryant, USA TODAY (Illustration)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: DEBATE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             August 28, 2015 Friday

LENGTH: 484 words


Retired brass seek to take shine off of Iran deal

Almost 200 retired generals and admirals sent a letter to Congress calling a
nuclear deal with Iran a threat to national security and urging legislators to
reject it, the Washington Post reports.

The message is the latest salvo in a national debate as advocates from both
sides try to sway congressional opinion before a vote that must occur by Sept.
17.

"The agreement will enable Iran to become far more dangerous, render the Mideast
still more unstable and introduce new threats to American interests as well as
our allies," the letter argues.

Leon A. "Bud" Edney, a retired admiral who rose to the post of vice chief of
Naval Operations under Ronald Reagan, said he initiated the letter because he
disagreed with what he called "very weak" arguments by three dozen retired
military officers who advocated the deal in a letter to lawmakers last week.

President Obama needs the support of only 34 senators to uphold a veto of an
expected Senate measure rejecting the deal. Twenty-nine Democrats have already
voiced support, which puts long odds on efforts to block the deal.

"I don't think this letter will sway anything," Edney said. "It's just the
opinion of people who have served their country."

Boehner glad of Cruz's absence for campaign

John Boehner might be waiting a long time for that Christmas card from Ted Cruz
this year.

The House speaker, at a Colorado fundraiser for GOP Rep. Scott Tipton, quipped
that he likes how Cruz's presidential campaign keeps "that jackass" out of
Washington and from telling Boehner how to do his job, The Daily Caller reports.

The remarks didn't sit well with some attendees.

"I don't think it's terribly speaker-like, and I think it kind of goes against
everything that Reagan ever said about disparaging Republicans," one says.

Recalls another: "I about fell on the floor. To build coalitions to work
together in Washington, D.C., you don't start it out by calling your colleague a
"[#x2dc]jackass.' "

The Texas senator and Boehner "" both Republicans "" have sparred over tactics
and policy. And Cruz often blasts the Republican establishment on the campaign
trail.

Tardy teacher keeps job

A New Jersey teacher whose employment was terminated because of 111 documented
instances of tardiness in two years will be able to return to his job with full
pay in January, thanks to an arbitrator's ruling, a Fox affiliate in New York
reports.

Arnold Anderson, a teacher with 15 years of classroom experience who makes
$90,000 a yearr, argued that "even when he is late he nevertheless delivers a
superb educational experience to his grateful students," according to arbitrator
David L. Gregory.

Gregory criticized the rationale, but nonetheless ruled that Anderson's
termination was improper, saying that "due process and fundamental fairness"
dictated that Anderson should face "progressive discipline" before firing.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            April 17, 2008 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Honor thy competitor

BYLINE: By Don Coble Morris News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C07

LENGTH: 578 words


AVONDALE, Ariz. - Legendary car owner Junior Johnson used to tell his team that
if they weren't cheating, they weren't trying hard enough to win. But, there
were lines Johnson refused to cross.

The recent flap between car owners Jack Roush and Michael Waltrip over a missing
suspension part stirred an old question in the garage: What's fair in the quest
to win?

While everyone admits to working in the gray area - and beyond - most said there
are some areas of cheating that are off limits. Cheating NASCAR is one thing;
cheating a competitor is another.

Roush was upset when one of his specialty parts, a sway bar, was taken from one
of his tool boxes last year at Dover, Del. It was returned earlier this year,
but only after Waltrip's race team tried to have the part duplicated.

Drivers and crews don't have a problem with fenders that don't fit NASCAR's
templates or tricked up gas tanks and suspensions. But they don't like thieves.

"Well, I don't like stealing, no matter what it is or how it's happening," Dale
Earnhardt Jr. said. "I don't think anybody should steal anything out of
anybody's garage or shop or through a change of hands with employees."

Danny Lawrence, trackside engine manager for Richard Childress Racing and Dale
Earnhardt Inc., believes there's always been an unwritten code of conduct in the
garage. Although cars are parked 4 feet apart, Lawrence said everyone is
supposed to operate with respect.

"You're always looking for an edge, but there are some things you don't do,"
Lawrence said. "When I talk to another team, I always do it behind the car. I
never walk up and look at somebody else's stuff, especially in the engines.

"You don't take pictures; you don't measure their stuff. You don't get under the
car and see what they're doing. And you don't pick up things that don't belong
to you."

The sway bar, a steel rod that keeps the car from leaning in the corners, was
taken from Greg Biffle's tool box.

Waltrip later admitted having the part, but he claimed it was an honest mistake,
saying, "Things get slung around everywhere" in the garage.

Waltrip, however, didn't know why the paint had been removed from the part
before his team tried to have it copied at a machine shop near Charlotte, N.C.

NASCAR refused to intervene, saying parts are misplaced and lost all the time.

But is there honor among thieves?

"It depends on the thieves," said NASCAR spokesman Ramsey Poston. "Setting up a
judiciary system doesn't make a lot of sense."

Roush was equally upset with the sanctioning body for not policing ethics in the
garage area. NASCAR's focus was the legality of the part, not how it ended up
with Waltrip.

"I've been racing for 22 years, and I have never stolen anything from somebody
else to gain an advantage or to figure out what they were doing," Roush said.
"... NASCAR, so far, has decided not to give me any relief in this."

Earnhardt said the racing community shouldn't need NASCAR to keep them honest.

"Oh, just a gentlemen's agreement or a trust factor, I don't know," he said. "I
would assume that nobody here would want to steal anything from our team.

"If that happened, whoever did it ought not to have a (NASCAR) hard card
anymore, hands down."

Jeff Gordon said if the sway bar was so special, it shouldn't have been in a
place where it could be stolen.

"I think the FBI should get involved," Gordon said, laughing. "If it's a
propriety part, why is it out in the open? We don't leave things laying around
(at Hendrick Motorsports)."

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            August 30, 2011 Tuesday
                                 FINAL Edition

Hamels back to form in Phillies' win over Reds

BYLINE: By DAVID MURPHY; dmurphy@phillynews.com

SECTION: SPORTS; P-com Biggie Sports; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 687 words



CINCINNATI - The surest sign that the tall, slender figure on the mound was
indeed Cole Hamels came at the end of the sixth inning, when pitching coach Rich
Dubee informed the lefty that his night was over. Hamels, who had held the Reds
to one dubious run in six innings of work, could have accepted the abbreviated
outing as a necessary display of caution after 16 days of inaction. Instead, he
protested.

"I don&apos;t think I&apos;ve been able to sway him for 6 years," a grinning
Hamels said later.

And he did not sway Dubee last night. But by the end of a 3-2 victory over the
Reds, brought to you in large part by a two-run homer by Shane Victorino that
cracked a tie game in the top of the eighth, Hamels&apos; unsuccessful
persuasion was a moot point. The important thing is that the lefthander is
healthy. After a bout with shoulder inflammation knocked him out of a start 17
days ago, Hamels did his best to silence the warning bells inside the heads of
fans across the Delaware Valley.

He allowed just two hits, one of them a Brandon Phillips triple that would have
been a long flyout if Hunter Pence had not slipped on the warning track while
settling beneath the ball for the catch. Phillips eventually scored on a one-out
groundout by Joey Votto, but the Reds managed just one more baserunner against
Hamels, who finished with seven strikeouts and no walks on 76 pitches in six
innings.

Before the game, Dubee and manager Charlie Manuel decided that they would play
it safe with Hamels, who had thrown more than 86 pitches just once in the
previous 31 days. His last outing was the one that caused so much concern, an
88-pitch effort against the Nationals in which his velocity was noticeably down.
Afterward, Hamels revealed that he had struggled to loosen up his shoulder,
which prompted the Phillies to send him to the doctor for an MRI.

Any time the word "shoulder" is used in the literal sense when connected to a
pitcher of Hamel&apos;s caliber, there is going to be some alarm. Last night,
though, Hamels said he has not even thought about the joint since that visit to
the doctor, which revealed only minor inflammation, not uncommon in pitchers
this time of year.

"It wasn&apos;t an issue, really, going into getting the MRI," said Hamels, who
is still in the NL Cy Young conversation with a 13-7 record and 2.58 ERA in 178
innings. "But safety first. They want to be cautious. I wanted to come back as
soon as I could, just knowing that I felt comfortable. But I guess it&apos;s
always better being cautious."

Still, the fact that Hamels was back on the mound pitching the way he has all
season provided some reassurance to the Phillies. By the end of his outing, the
velocity on his fastball was sitting around 89 and 90 mph, a couple clicks shy
of its normal range. But for his first four innings, it was 90-91, topping out
at 92 on a few occasions. The only hurdle left is to rebuild the arm strength
lost during the layoff.

During his six innings of work, Hamels located his fastball with precision while
throwing the rest of his arsenal - changeup, cutter and a healthy dose of
curveballs - to perfection.

The only drama occurred after he departed, when Victorino&apos;s two-run blast
off of an otherwise splendid Homer Bailey broke a 1-1 tie in the top of the
eighth. The Reds tried to rally in the bottom, getting a couple of hits off
rookie righthander Michael Stutes, two of which came on tough - but not
impossible - balls to Placido Polanco. After a Dave Sappelt single cut the lead
to 3-2, Stutes got Votto to ground out with a runner on third to end the inning.
Ryan Madson then closed out the ninth for his 24th save.

"The baseball gods were with us," Manuel said.

He was referring to the eighth-inning jam, but he might as well have been
talking about the return of the man who just might be the Phillies&apos; most
consistent starter this season.

"If you would have told me he spent 15 days on the DL, I would have said no
chance," said Victorino, who is hitting .308 with 15 homers and 14 triples while
making a push into the conversation for NL MVP. "That&apos;s a good sign."

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            January 22, 2006 Sunday

Home Rule // Southern Illinois keeps winning in Carbondale

BYLINE: bbloodworth@pantagraph;By Bryan Bloodworth

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 630 words


CARBONDALE - They cant help but hear people talk about it.

When it ranks as the second longest streak in the nation, people are naturally
going to talk about it.

Thats what happens when a team wins 31 straight games at home.

Welcome to venerable SIU Arena where the Southern Illinois basketball team hasnt
lost since Jan. 2, 2004, against nonconference foe North Carolina-Charlotte.

"I take a lot of pride in the streak," said junior guard Tony Young. "I was here
when our old streak was broken and now Ive had the chance to build it back up.
We think about the streak, but we dont let it run us. Its in the back of our
minds."

The Salukis are tied with the University of Illinois and trail Gonzaga by one
win for the longest home-court winning streak.

"Its great to be mentioned with some of the great programs in the country," said
Southern Illinois coach Chris Lowery, who hasnt lost in 22 home games as head
coach of the Salukis.

The Salukis also have the opportunity today to tie the Missouri Valley
Conference record for consecutive home victories in conference play when they
meet Illinois State.

SIU has won 40 straight Valley games at home, which is the longest streak since
1964. Former league members Oklahoma A&M and Cincinnati each won 41 straight.
The Salukis havent lost a home conference game since Feb. 24, 2001, when
Evansville performed the feat.

"In order to compete in this conference you have to win at home and thats what
theyve done the last few years," said freshman point guard Bryan Mullins. "Its
our house and we have to protect it every time.

"We definitely have some more energy when we get in here with our crowds. We
dont talk about it as a team, but everyone knows its there. We just try to go
out and win every time."

The Salukis will be playing their first game at home in 11 days after going on
the road for three straight contests.

"Its great to get back home," said Lowery. "Any time you play at home with a
winning streak and the types of crowds were getting is great for the program."

Lowery, who played for the Salukis, doesnt feel the need to talk with the team
about the streak.

"Were a young team and very impressionable," he added. "Im sure everybody around
them talks about it because thats all people talk about when we play at home. I
dont ever talk about it because the players dont need that extra stress.

"I have to watch how I talk to them because I dont want to sway them one way or
another. I dont want to sway them and make them be too confident and I dont want
to sway them and make them be nervous about making sure we have to win.

"I just want to keep them on one level and keep them focused on just winning
basketball games home or away. We just try to take a one-game approach and if
the games are at home thats even better because we seem to play a little harder.

"And there seems to be a little bit more magic at the arena. We seem to be able
to pull off some unbelievable things at home."

Lowery admits theres a sense of pride about the streak among the players.

"But thats because they are competitive," added the second-year coach. "They
want to win wherever we are playing. They like to be mentioned with some of the
other great programs. Thats where they get the most pride from about it."

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Pantagraph


                              342 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 31, 1999 Saturday

The rock god of Tiananmen Square beats a path west

BYLINE: ROD MICKLEBURGH The Globe and Mail

SECTION: THE ARTS; Pg. C16

LENGTH: 1290 words

DATELINE: Beijing


It's a hot summer night, the kind that drives residents out of their muggy
apartments and into the cool shade of the streets. But the stifling heat makes
no difference to the several hundred people who jam their way inside a
low-ceilinged, smoky bistro just across from the city's trendy Sanlitun
district.

And no wonder. The main menu at the CD Café tonight is a rare, uncensored, live
performance in Beijing by the godfather of Chinese rock 'n' roll, Cui Jian
(pronounced Sway Jee-en). Already perspiring by the time he hits the tiny stage
shortly after midnight, Cui quickly takes control, tearing into one of his long,
loud, questioning songs that make fans cheer and authorities quiver.

The band -- keyboard, drums, tenor sax and three guitars -- rattles the
floorboards with a driving, eclectic fusion of jazz, hip hop, reggae and
straight-ahead rock. Not to forget a trio of doo-wop backup singers, including
two young women wearing impossibly tight micro-minis, and a large guy strutting
around in a Cleveland Indians jersey.

Two hours later, as everyone sings along to a familiar song, Cui Jian punches
the air with his fist and disappears. This has been a great show.

Yet there is also a sense of poignancy. Ten years after he sang his famous
anthem of alienation and rebellion, Nothing to My Name, before huge crowds of
pro-democracy students at Tiananmen Square, Cui is no longer in the forefront of
Chinese pop culture.

His records continue to sell in state-owned music stores. There are sometimes
even stories about him in the Communist-controlled media. But outside of
occasional stadium gigs far from China's capital, these small, restricted
venues, such as the CD Café, are virtually the only places he is allowed to
play. Unable to maintain his audience through TV, rock videos or regular, large
concerts, Cui admits his once powerful sway over the youth of China is beginning
to wane.

Now, Cui Jian is getting a reprieve, a chance to escape the shackles of China's
uptight cultural czars and fans who prefer the past. Starting this afternoon at
a Womad world-music festival near Seattle, Cui is bringing his music and message
to North America, with better promotion than he had on a lukewarm tour five
years ago. Over the next month, further concerts will take him from the Pacific
Northwest to Los Angeles, Dallas and finally New York's Chinatown.

It may be Cui Jian's big chance to break free from his roots and connect with
audiences beyond the borders of China. While his earlier records may be
available in Chinese specialty shops, an improved, remixed version of his latest
album, Power of the Powerless, has just been released in the U.S. in conjunction
with the tour. (Though he sings only in Chinese, Cui understands English well.)

"He may start to realize his bread and butter is outside China," said Matthew
Corbin Clark, a Canadian from Meaford, Ont. who is working with the singer's
North American management team. Musical tastes are broadening all the time in
the West, Clark said. "A big record store in L.A. put his CD on and they had all
these people coming up wanting to know more about him."

During a long, relaxed conversation at his favourite hotel coffee shop recently,
Cui admitted he was frustrated at home, but said he accepts official harassment
as part of the price of living in China. "It's too risky for the people in
charge [to let me play larger concerts]. Something might happen, so you protect
yourself. Every Chinese grows up with this kind of deeply rooted fear."

With his slight build, cherubic face, and clothes rarely straying beyond
T-shirts and khakis, Cui hardly looks the sort to cause Communist officials to
toss and turn. Still, however little he professes to know and care about
politics, he has no shyness about speaking out.

"Yes, there's more freedom in China than there used to be, but it's not enough.
I'm not the kind of person to make political demands or hand out pamphlets, but
it's only natural for people to want more democracy and more freedom. It's for
their own well-being."

During Cui's U.S. tour, concertgoers will discover a passionate performer,
restlessly exploring the boundaries of music, refusing (like Bob Dylan, to whom
he is often compared) to stay with the sounds that first made him famous. They
will also get to see a living legend of rock 'n' roll. "It seems like the days
of genuine, rock groundbreakers are gone," Clark said. "Instead, we get bands
like Limp Bizkit and Korn. But this guy is a real hero. He's a total pioneer in
the political and culture scene of China."

Cui Jian came to rock 'n' roll in the mid-80s while a young, classical trumpet
player in the Beijing Philarmonic Orchestra. Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping had
launched his economic reforms opening the country to the outside world. Cui was
soon playing with some friends and a few hip Westerners in a rock band. He wrote
songs, too.

In 1988, he electrified the country during a nationally televised music festival
by singing Nothing to My Name, later adopted by Tiananmen Square demonstrators
as their theme song. "I want to give you my hope/ I want to help make you free/
But you always laugh at me/ For I have nothing to my name," the scruffy, unknown
musician sang. His first album, Rock and Roll on the New Long March, sold
millions.

"He sang about our bewilderment, ecstasy, frustration, ambition and all the
growing pains we felt back then in China," recalled Helena Wei, a Beijing-born
writer now living in the States. "He was the first rocker in a very
conservative, old-fashioned, ancient country like China, where tradition rules."

While Cui's lyrics were not overtly political, they summed up the angst of a
generation that no longer took communism as gospel. After the bloody crackdown
at Tiananmen Square, he was kept under tighter wraps. A 10-city tour in 1990 was
cancelled halfway through. A feature film based on his music was banned. And
only last summer, permits for a Woodstock-style festival featuring Cui Jian, on
the outskirts of Beijing, were mysteriously cancelled at the last minute.

And some long-time admirers find his recent embrace of rap-oriented music
disconcerting. "Most people my age still like him, but not as much as before,"
said Shao Min, a 27-year-old office worker. "I like his early stuff. His new
music seems a little strange."

But Cui, who has already earned enough money over the years for a secure,
comfortable lifestyle, seemed more concerned that lazy, pseudo-punk bands are
making inroads on his own high-calibre, hard-working brand of rock. "So often
these bands are just superficial and pretentious. They don't play from their
hearts. Maybe they just want girls. But without sincerity and effort, you won't
be successful."

The essence, according to Cui Jian, is honesty. "You encourage people to tell
the truth. You look deep into their hearts. That's the beauty of rock and roll.
It's direct, truth-telling music."

Yet Cui also wonders what to make of the younger generation. In a song called
Slackers on his latest album, he sings: "A couple of years ago when you were
poor, you still had ideals/ Now that you have money, your true face is finally
showing/ When I ask what you think the next generation will be like/ You tell me
straight, 'What's that got to do with me?' "

That's a discouraging thought for a rock star who turns 38 on Monday. Meanwhile,
Cui Jian remains a potent symbol of life in China, as its 5,000-year-old
civilization approaches yet another millennium: Far freer than anyone would have
dreamed possible during the terrible orthodoxy of the Cultural Revolution, yet
not completely free, either.

"That's all I want. To make modern music and be a free musician. So many people
are giving up in China today. I am not giving up."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1999 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     January 31, 2017 Tuesday 11:30 AM GMT

Vanessa Hudgens defends rock carving incident

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 291 words


Vanessa Hudgens claims her drawing would have washed off the rock as soon as it
rained.

Vanessa Hudgens has protested her innocence after coming under fire for
allegedly defacing a rock face in Arizona last year (16).

The High School Musical star sparked controversy when she posted a picture on
Instagram of a carving she had made featuring her and boyfriend Austin Butler's
name in a heart on a red rock during their romantic trip to Coconino National
Forest in Sedona during Valentine's Day weekend (13-14Feb16).

The image, which was swiftly deleted, caught the attention the Red Rock Ranger
District officials and she was reportedly fined $1,000 (£800) for violating
federal law which states people are prohibited from "damaging natural surfaces
or property of the United States".

Vanessa has now opened up about the incident for the first time, telling Sway
Calloway on his Sirius XM's radio show Sway in the Morning she didn't leave a
permanent mark on the rock and her drawing would have come off as soon as it
rained.

"It was this whole thing in Sedona," she said. "Me and my boyfriend were on a
hike and then wrote our names on a rock with another rock and then people
accused me of carving into this rock, but literally I took a piece of rock and
wrote on the rock... It's the type of thing where it's chalk, so if you rub it,
it comes off."

The 28-year-old also said she loves "mother nature" and the environment so found
the misunderstanding really frustrating.

"I don't mean to disrespect anyone or the land. It's not like I took a key and
carved it," she continued. "I donated a lot of money to the park to say 'Sorry'
for the drama it's caused you guys, but like literally with the first rain, it
would've washed off."

© Cover Media

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2017 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Albert Lea Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 4, 2014 Tuesday

Albert Lea Tribune, Minn., Tim Engstrom column

BYLINE: Tim Engstrom, Albert Lea Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 827 words


Nov. 04--Pothole Prairie by Tim Engstrom

Finally, Election Day is here. There remains one overarching question for people
going to the polls today. Why in the world did the Founding Fathers select the
first Tuesday after the first Monday in November for elections?

They didn't.

The Constitution, ratified in 1788, didn't set dates for the election process.
Federal laws did that in later years. It wasn't until 1845 that Congress set a
uniform date "for holding elections for electors of president and vice president
in all the States of the Union."

That law was passed because results would be known in some states before others
and could sway elections. Today, things are so much faster that we worry whether
results from East Coast states will sway voters in West Coast states.

"Electors" in that law is a reference to the Electoral College set up in Article
2, Section 1, and in the 12th Amendment of the Constitution. But people didn't
actually vote for electors. Like today, they voted for the presidential
candidates and then the electors cast ballots based one way or another or
sometimes not at all (that's another column right there) on the votes of the
people in their respective states.

Being the first Tuesday after the first Monday meant that federal elections
would take place nationwide between Nov. 2 and 8.

Before 1845, states held their own elections at any time in a 34-day period
before the first Wednesday in December to give time for the electors -- back
then appointed by state legislatures -- to cast their votes for president and
vice president.

The 12th Amendment, ratified in 1804 in the wake of the confusing election of
1800, mentioned no date for the general election or for the date the electors
cast their votes. I probably need a constitutional law professor just to wade
through all the early history of American elections to figure out all of this.

OK, so what were they thinking in 1845? Why November?

This is what the Federal Elections Commission has to say:

"For much of our history, America was a predominantly agrarian society.
Lawmakers therefore took into account that November was perhaps the most
convenient month for farmers and rural workers to be able to travel to the
polls. The fall harvest was over, (remember that spring was planting time and
summer was taken up with working the fields and tending the crops) but in the
majority of the nation the weather was still mild enough to permit travel over
unimproved roads.

"Why Tuesday? Since most residents of rural America had to travel a significant
distance to the county seat in order to vote, Monday was not considered
reasonable since many people would need to begin travel on Sunday. This would,
of course, have conflicted with church services and Sunday worship.

"Why the first Tuesday after the first Monday? Lawmakers wanted to prevent
Election Day from falling on the first of November for two reasons. First, Nov.
1 is All Saints Day, a Holy Day of Obligation for Roman Catholics. Second, most
merchants were in the habit of doing their books from the preceding month on the
1st. Apparently, Congress was worried that the economic success or failure of
the previous month might prove an undue influence on the vote!"

Very cool. We had to ride our horse and buggy to the county seat.

Still, presidential elections are every four years. What about the other years?
There is no presidential candidate on the ballot today. Why are we holding it on
the same schedule?

In 1872, the Apportionment Act established the election of members of the U.S.
House of Representatives to fall on the same date on the calendar that was used
for presidential elections. (Senators, as you recall, were appointed by state
legislatures until 1913.) The 1872 law made the second Tuesday after the first
Monday the key election date every two years, not just four, for all states. Of
course, because state and local governments already were holding elections, it
became convenient to hold state and local elections on the same date.

Isn't it fun being the world's oldest democracy? It is interesting to discover
how the Founding Fathers were pretty much taking a shot in the dark for how to
do this ancient concept and left the details such as dates and means to the
subsequent elected leaders. And it's not like they just figured out a voting
procedure the following year. It took decades upon decades to establish
practices.

I like that we vote on a Tuesday. Some folks have proposed voting on a weekend.
Who wants to be thinking about politics on a weekend? Besides, we have 169 years
of established practice with "first Tuesday after the first Monday." It's
American. If anything, I'd favor getting rid of purposeless Columbus Day and
making Election Day a federal holiday.

Editor Tim Engstrom's column appears every Tuesday.

___ (c)2014 the Albert Lea Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) Visit the Albert Lea
Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) at www.albertleatribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141104-1AL-Albert-Lea-Tribune-Minn-Tim-Engstrom-column-1104-20141104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AL


                       Copyright 2014 Albert Lea Tribune


                              345 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             August 21, 2011 Sunday
                                 Drive Edition

Open season in Texas if Ags left ;
REALIGNMENT;
SEC WOULD MOVE IN TO RECRUIT LONE STAR PLAYERS

BYLINE: Jenni Carlson

SECTION: SPORTS; Jenni Carlson; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 695 words


Joe DeForest has been recruiting Houston for more than two decades. He knows the
programs. He knows the coaches. He knows the prospects.

But he knows the lay of that fertile recruiting land will change if Texas A&M
goes to the SEC.

"It's going to let the SEC into Texas more," the Oklahoma State assistant coach
said. "You're just going to have more teams in there recruiting and fighting for
the same players.

"It'll be interesting."

Not just for DeForest and the Cowboys, but for every team in the Big 12 that
likes to recruit Lone Star State talent.

While the Aggies leaving for the SEC would have numerous ramifications for the
Big 12, the impact that move would have on recruiting is among the biggest. The
league that has produced the past five national champions will suddenly have a
foothold in the state of Texas.

This isn't to say that SEC have never recruited Texas before.

Jarrett Lee, the LSU quarterback who might be the starter if Jordan Jefferson's
bar-fighting ways are serious, is from Brenham. Knile Davis, the Arkansas
running back who was expected to carry the load before busting his left ankle
this preseason, is from Missouri City.

Still ...

"They're not blanketing like we do or any of the Big 12 schools are," DeForest
said of the SEC recruiting Texas.

Should Texas A&M eventually join the SEC, expect that to change.

Texas A&M would likely be in the Western Division with Alabama, Arkansas,
Auburn, LSU, Mississippi and Mississippi State. That means those teams would be
able to go into the Lone Star State and tell a recruit that they'd get to come
back to their home state to play every other year. That sort of thing holds sway
with recruits, especially when their families can't afford to travel very far
for games.

Obviously if a player is being recruited by a Big 12 school, that's a card that
those teams could play, too, but if a recruit is leaning toward the SEC, that
come-back-home-to-play carrot could be the thing that ultimately sways him.

But it might not just be the SEC teams in A&M's division that try to take
advantage of the new recruiting area.

"Now if there's a great player in Houston," DeForest said, "you might see a
Florida or a Georgia come over there and try to get 'em."

And why wouldn't they? Texas is one of the most fruitful recruiting areas in the
country. Just look at the number of Big 12 schools that build their programs on
the backs of Texans.

Texas has only nine players from outside the state, while Baylor has just a
dozen. Even though Texas Tech has more than those two schools combined - the Red
Raiders have 25 out-of-state players - don't be fooled. That still means that
more than three-quarters of their roster is comprised of in-state players.

And, of course, the schools south of the Red River aren't the only ones drawing
from the state's recruiting well. Oklahoma has 60 players from Texas, OSU 66.

Heck, even Iowa State has 22 Texans on its roster.

If the Cyclones can go into Texas and recruit, who's to think the likes of
Mississippi or Mississippi State or any other SEC team trying to upgrade its
talent can't go in there and have success?

Adding to the intrigue is the SEC's reputation in recruiting.

Recent days have reminded us that NCAA rules are being violated everywhere.
Miami. Boise State. Ohio State. Oregon. All have ongoing scandals. Still, the
SEC is the epicenter of the recruiting racket.

A year ago today, Alabama, South Carolina, Georgia and Florida were dealing with
agents run amok; LSU had an ongoing NCAA investigation; and Tennessee was
wondering what might come in the wake of Lane Kiffin. And that was before any of
the Cam Newton saga involving Auburn and Mississippi State came to light.

Dirty South, indeed.

But you have to wonder - if SEC teams bring any dirty tactics to the recruiting
scene in Texas, would Big 12 teams be more likely to turn them in? It's one
thing to recruit almost exclusively in SEC country. It's quite another to try
and stick your hands into another conference's recruiting honey pot.

There's no doubt that an A&M-to-the-SEC move would have an impact on recruiting
in the Big 12.

The only question is just how significant it would be.


LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: COMMENTARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 21, 2016 Tuesday

Banner center boosts level of concussion care

BYLINE: Shelley Ridenour, East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Ariz.)

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1269 words


June 21--After realizing that the level of concussion care for professional and
college athletes far exceeded that for high school and younger athletes, Dr.
Steven Erickson "jumped on an opportunity" to change that.

Erickson worked as the head sports physician at Arizona State University for 12
years and was the medical consultant for MLB umpires. During those years, he
says he "took care of a lot of concussions." He's now the medical director of
the Banner Concussion Center, operated by Banner Health.

He was asked to spearhead the center when it opened and said he is proud to lead
a team dedicated to reducing the incidence of concussions and improve their
treatment.

Erickson doesn't like the common approach of asking a person how he or she feels
after suffering a concussion to figure out how to structure care.

Basing a diagnosis or treatment purely on subjective feelings isn't the answer,
he said. Rather, "we need to objectively measure" vision and balance of those
patients.

"It used to be if you get knocked out, there's no play for seven days," he said.
Today, multiple sets of guidelines are used to determine when a young athlete
can return to play.

Erickson said the evaluation now is based on criteria including the
disappearance of all symptoms, whether the student is back in class full time
and whether visual, balance and cognitive functions are normal.

Generally, athletes who are in high school or younger return to play in about 21
days. But, Erickson cautions, it's different for every patient.

A critical part of that measuring process is having something to compare it to,
Erickson said. That's why he encourages athletes to have baseline testing
conducted before playing sports. Then, if an athlete suffers a concussion, the
doctors can compare pre- and post-concussion data.

Subjective balance testing already exists, Erickson said. So, the team at the
Concussion Center developed a protocol "to stimulate the inner ear and measure
balance and sway." Testing occurs on both a soft and a hard surface, because a
person's sway varies depending on what she is standing on. Everyone has some
natural sway which is measured to gather normative data.

In what's called a neurovistubal test, patients stand in front of a giant
tube-like piece of equipment which creates sort of a virtual reality setting. It
then measures sway and balance as the patient responds to the changing light and
images projected onto the background.

Concussion center patients undergo seven tests to develop four comparative
scores.

One test involves a patient memorizing 12 words and then being presented 24
words to see how many of the original ones the patient recalls.

Another test involves a patient standing in front of a large screen which lights
up with big dots. The patient tries to touch every dot as fast as possible. It
measures hand-eye coordination and peripheral vision, Banner Concussion Center
Athletic Trainer Sarah Schodrof said.

Vision tests at the center are similar to a standard eye examination.

For balance tests, the patient wears a head lamp and moves their head from side
to side while standing on a force plate -- both a hard surface, and a foam pad,
which simulates gravel or sand. The foot pads are connected to a computer and
the patient's balance is measured.

Erickson's belief in the value of baseline testing means that Banner offers
essentially free testing to area high schools.

"We test entire teams to measure speed and memory," he said. If any athlete
suffers a concussion, he returns to the concussion center to undergo the same
tests, which gives an accurate comparison, the doctor said.

Erickson tests local high school athletes who participate in football, soccer,
cheerleading, wrestling, basketball, softball, baseball and hockey.

The center is the medical consultant to the Arizona Youth Soccer Association and
works with the Arizona Interscholastic Association and many high schools and
youth hockey groups.

Erickson recommends annual testing for kids until they reach high school, then
testing every two years and increasing to every five years after they've
completed high school.

The methodology that Erickson and his staff use is based on impact testing
developed at the University of Pittsburgh. Users of it must be certified by the
university, and Erickson is one of a handful of those people, getting approved
in 2001. One physicians' assistant at the Banner center is also certified.

When diagnosing and treating concussions, Erickson says it's vital to remember
that "nothing is black and white. It's all shades of gray. We take the
interpretation of the whole test into account, not just one test."

Each patient is evaluated by the multi-disciplinary staff at the concussion
center. Staff expertise includes athletic trainers, vestibular therapists, an
occupational therapist, rehabilitation experts, a neuro-optometrist, a vision
therapist, a cognitive speech and language therapist, and a neuropsychologist.

Erickson points out people can still be treated for concussions if they haven't
undergone baseline testing. It's just that doctors don't have any data for
comparison.

Erickson is pleased that Arizona is "ahead of the curve" in concussion laws and
testing. Some states mandate baseline testing for all high school athletes, he
said. That's not the case in Arizona, but he wishes it was.

With proper treatment, most of the injured athletes can return to play, he said.

Education is key to preventing concussions

Prevention is always a topic when Dr. Steven Erickson and his staff at the
Banner Concussion Center meet with athletic teams.

Erickson reminds people leaning toward different types of helmets or gear that
"nothing on your head prevents your brain from rattling around inside your head
-- which is a concussion." Rather, good techniques and good coaching lead to
fewer concussions, Erickson said.

Youths need to be taught to not use their heads as weapons in sports, especially
in soccer where heading is common, and in football when they tackle another
player. Training needs to focus on strengthening players' necks so they can keep
their heads from striking the ground if they fall, a common cause of
concussions, Erickson said.

Likewise, athletes need to be educated to "not play with a sore brain," he said,
just like they don't play with a sore ankle.

Awareness of concussions needs to increase among parents, coaches and the
athletes themselves, Erickson said.

"Ten years ago, no one missed a game because of a concussion," he said. "Now
kids want to sit out, too.

The lawsuit against the National Football League has increased awareness of
concussions, Erickson said.

"The changing culture in professional sports is critical to this effort,"
Erickson said. Players "need to know what the risks are and understand what to
do and the cost-to-benefit ratio. You have to decide whether this risk is
something you want to take on. It's a personal decision."

It's not only athletes who are at risk of concussions, Bryce Nalepa said. He is
the athletic training coordinator at the Banner Concussion Center.

"We want baseline testing to become the norm," Nalepa said. "Weekend warriors,
test car drivers, firefighters, law enforcement officers, flight attendants
could all benefit from baseline testing. It isn't a sports-only problem, anyone
could be injured."

- Contact Shelley Ridenour at 480-898-6533 or sridenour@evtrib.com

- Check us out and like the East Valley Tribune on Facebook and follow EVTNow on
Twitter.

___ (c)2016 East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Ariz.) Visit East Valley Tribune (Mesa,
Ariz.) at www.eastvalleytribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160621-MZ-Banner-center-boosts-level-of-concussion-care-0621-20160621

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2016 East Valley Tribune


                              347 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            February 10, 2008 Sunday

The power of endorsements?

BYLINE: By Hillary Chabot

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 554 words


BOSTON -- Oprah fizzled. The court of Camelot crumbled. And Gov. Deval Patrick's
grassroots campaign wilted.

Despite three high-profile endorsements in the Bay State, U.S. Sen. Barack Obama
failed to win Massachusetts in his bid to become the Democratic presidential
nominee. Obama's showing left some local politicos questioning the power of
endorsements.

Reid Cherlin, spokesman for the Illinois senator, said the endorsements helped
Obama walk away with 41 percent of the vote and 38 delegates.

"When we came to Massachusetts, we were down more than 30 points. We didn't
close that gap entirely but we made great strides and Sen. Kerry, Sen. Kennedy
and Gov. Patrick were instrumental in doing so," Cherlin said.

Democratic analyst Mary Anne Marsh, however, begged to differ.

"This year endorsements don't mean what they used to. The endorsements that
matter are the ones that deliver votes, and people who deliver votes tend to be
more local or people with really active political operations who work it day in
and day out," Marsh said.

Case in point: Rep. Jamie Eldridge, D-Acton, who delivered several communities
in his area to Obama.

Politicians such as Kerry and Kennedy, who run every six years and don't often
face serious challengers, find their voter base a little rusty, said Suffolk
University pollster David Paleologos.

Kennedy had more sway than Oprah, with 43 percent of Bay Staters polled pointing
to his endorsement as the most influential, according to a poll conducted by
Suffolk University released Monday.

Bill Clinton was next, with 23 percent of those polled believing his endorsement
was most influential, and Oprah came in dead last with 9 percent.

"My experience is endorsements matter in smaller races. The more you head up the
food chain the less people pay attention," Paleologos said.

State Sen. Robert Antonioni and state Rep. Jen Flanagan, both Leominster
Democrats, seemed to sway residents to back U.S. Sen. Hillary Clinton, D-N.Y.
Clinton swept by almost 30 points in communities such as Leominster and
Lunenburg.

The more local the endorsement, the more weight it carries, Evangelidis said,
which proved accurate in Holden, where Mitt Romney nabbed 52 percent of the
vote.

Fitchburg Mayor Lisa Wong and Rep. Stephen DiNatale, D-Fitchburg, however, both
supported Obama, and he lost by more than 30 percent in Fitchburg.

The endorsements only swayed voters by a couple of points, if any, Paleologos
said. He pointed to other factors, like the fact that 62 percent of women went
with Clinton in Massachusetts.

Clinton also pulled a slim majority of the youth vote and the support of
residents 60 years old or older in a landslide.

Some aren't sure whether voters are following the lead of local politicians or
if local politicians are simply reflecting their constituent base with their
endorsements.

A quick look at the state of Florida -- considered a turning point in the quest
for a Republican nominee -- bolsters Marsh's faith in the sway of an
endorsement.

Charlie Crist, the extraordinarily popular governor of Florida "dragged (U.S.
Sen. John) McCain across the finish line," Marsh said.

Before Crist's endorsement, McCain was behind by one point in the polls,
virtually neck and neck with Romney. McCain squeaked out a win in the state by
five points, but the winner-take-all state turned the tide.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 16, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

AT BRADLEY AIRPORT, ART SWAYS IN THE AIR

BYLINE: By CHARLOTTE LIBOV

SECTION: Section 11CN; Page 10, Column 5; Connecticut Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 697 words


IT is more than a year since Bradley International Airport's new passenger
terminal opened, but construction seemed under way again last week as, with the
aid of an electric scaffold, T. Merrill (Tim) Prentice installed his new
creation, a 230-foot-long vermilion kinetic sculpture, which will sway gently
beneath the building's skylight.

For the last several months, Mr. Prentice, a sculptor, has been busy in his
studio in West Cornwall, making the thousands of wafer-thin aluminum plates and
the elaborate wire assembly that holds them. Last Monday, Mr. Prentice, along
with three assistants, arrived at the airport to begin the weeklong
installation.

The sculpture weighs 200 pounds and is intended to be a permanent part of the
terminal. It will hang near the ticket counters, suspended 14 feet off the floor
from a ceiling that is 17 feet 6 inches high. Named ''Red Zinger'' by the
artist, it is a serpentine ribbon designed to move with the air currents inside
the terminal.

Although he has built several models of the work, it was not until he began
hanging the piece that Mr. Prentice said he could judge how it would look inside
the airport.

''At this point, I have 98 percent of the idea of how it is going to look and
I'm delighted with it,'' he said after the piece was one-quarter installed.

Mr. Prentice, 56 years old, an architect-turned-sculptor, was awarded $58,000 to
do the sculpture by the State Commission on the Arts. The work is part of the
state's Art in Public Spaces Program, which requires that 1 percent of the total
cost of state-financed projects be set aside for art for the project.

In selecting the art work, virtually everyone involved was enthusiastic about
Mr. Prentice's design, said Pallas Lombardi, a public-art consultant in Boston
who served on the art jury for the project.

''Basically, we were looking for a work that could be pervasive, even in a large
space like that,'' she said. ''We weren't looking for a work that would be
isolated in a corner. We wanted something expansive, and ''Red Zinger'' is
certainly that.''

Also, the general public, and art lovers in particular, seem to appreciate
kinetic art, she said.

''This is public art, paid for by public money and it is wonderful if public art
can be enjoyed,'' Ms. Lombardi said. ''People will enjoy watching it undulate
back and forth. Standing in line, they can watch it, and fantasize and their
minds can take off.''

Mr. Prentice was an architect, but 12 years ago, he quit his New York City
company, Prentice & Chan, Ohlhausen, to design kinetic sculptures full time.
Since then, he has created works for such corporate clients as A. T. & T.,
American Express and Mobil Oil Corporation, among others.

Although he has built works similar to ''Red Zinger,'' the airport project was
not without snags. The installation was delayed twice, because of problems with
the application of the vermilion color to the aluminum plates. But the problems
were worth it, he said.

''This will be the dominant color in the space against all that natural
aluminum,'' Mr. Prentice said. ''And you can see it not only from inside the
terminal, but from outside in the parking lot.''

The installation process itself is fairly time-consuming; at the airport, each
of the eight sections of the mobile was assembled separately, taking more than
two hours each. But then, it took only about 10 minutes to hook each section
into place.

Any tedium, though, was relieved by the excitement Mr. Prentice said he
experienced seeing his work take form.

''No matter how many models you make, you just can't see exactly how it will
look until it is finished,'' he said.

Mr. Prentice also discovered that the air currents from the terminal's heating
and cooling units were stronger than he thought, so the mobile will sway more
than expected.

When installing his work, Mr. Prentice said he delighted in talking with
passers-by, to find out what they thought of the work. Thusfar, the reaction has
been positive, but he said he believed that people might be intimidated by his
presence.

''I think I'll come back later on, incognito, and find out what people really
think of it,'' he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of T. Merrill Prentice with part of his sculpture at Bradley
Airport (NYT/Steve Miller)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              349 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 10, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Martin, Who Took on PGA, Hired as Oregon Golf Coach

SECTION: Sports; E02

LENGTH: 600 words


Casey Martin, who battled the PGA Tour for the right to use a golf cart in
competition, was named head coach of the University of Oregon golf team
yesterday.

The 33-year-old Martin takes over for Steve Nosler, who announced in March that
this would be his final season. Martin had been serving as a volunteer assistant
for the Ducks since the start of the season.

Martin suffers from a birth defect in his right leg known as
Klippel-Trenaunay-Webber Syndrome, a circulatory disorder. Because of his
disability, Martin sought the use of a cart to get around the course in PGA Tour
events.

The tour argued in court that walking was an integral part of the competition.

Under the provisions of the Americans With Disabilities Act, Martin won the
right to use the vehicle. The legal case was ultimately affirmed by the Supreme
Court.

*  HORSE RACING: Lawyer Ron has a slight ankle injury and is unlikely to
challenge Kentucky Derby winner Barbaro in the Preakness.

"Looks like we probably aren't going to come," trainer Bob Holthus said from
Churchill Downs, where Lawyer Ron finished a disappointing 12th in Saturday's
Derby.

"We looked at the X-rays and saw some inflammation in the right hind ankle.
Unless something good happens before Saturday, it doesn't look favorable."

*  AUTO RACING: Crew chief Richard Labbe was suspended for four races and fined
$25,000 for using an illegal part on Dale Jarrett's car at Richmond
International Raceway.

NASCAR officials discovered the sway bar on Jarrett's car was illegally mounted
when the No. 88 Ford passed through Saturday night's pre-race inspection in
Richmond.

The sway bar, also called an antiroll bar, counteracts the rolling force of the
car body through the turns. Any alterations made to it would likely be in an
effort to help the car's agility through the corners.

Labbe and car owner Robert Yates were not immediately available for comment
yesterday. A team spokeswoman said they planned to appeal the penalties, which
included a loss of 25 driver points for Jarrett and 25 car owner points for
Yates. The points deduction drops Jarrett from 11th to 12th in the standings,
380 points behind leader Jimmie Johnson.

*  SOCCER: Tottenham asked to replay its season-ending loss in the Premier
League because 10 of its players were sick with suspected food poisoning.

Sunday's 2-1 defeat at West Ham allowed Arsenal to overtake Tottenham for fourth
place with a 4-2 win over Wigan and clinch a place in the Champions League
qualifying rounds.

The Premier League said yesterday the Tottenham-West Ham result will stand, but
its board will meet to discuss the matter today.

*  COLLEGE FOOTBALL: NFL great Jerry Rice and college football's career
winningest coach, John Gagliardi, were among seven new members to join the
divisional class of the College Football Hall of Fame.

The group, to be enshrined Aug. 11-12 in South Bend, Ind., also includes
defensive back Kevin Dent of Jackson State, quarterback John Friesz of Idaho,
wide receiver Ronnie Mallett of Central Arkansas and coaches Dick Farley of
Williams (Mass.) and Vernon McCain of Maryland State.

The divisional class considers players and coaches from NCAA Divisions I-AA, II,
III and the NAIA.

*  HOCKEY: Brendan Shanahan scored a power-play goal in the third period to help
Canada beat the United States, 2-1, and advance to the second round of the World
Hockey Championship in Riga, Latvia.

It was the third straight win for Canada and the first loss for the Americans,
who beat Norway and Denmark earlier in the preliminary round.

--  From News Services

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              350 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                            October 29, 2012 Monday

Skyscrapers May Shiver and Sway, But They're Perfectly Safe (Just Stay Away From
the Windows)

BYLINE: Kim Velsey

LENGTH: 776 words


"You can tell the building is rocking back and forth because you can see the
pocket doors hitting the wall," said Eric Williams, a computer engineer waiting
out Hurricane Sandy in his apartment on the 46th Floor on the W Hotel and
Residences in the Financial District. "It's such a slow sway you don't really
see it, but you can feel it."

Most of the building had been evacuated because of its proximity to the water,
and he'd just received an email from the building management warning residents
that the power would be shut off in the next hour, basically nixing elevator
use, but he and his roommate were planning to wait it out. They didn't fear
floods on the 46th floor, but both of them were motion sick. He couldn't see the
building's sway in glasses of water, but it was visible in the pots of water
they'd filled in preparation of outages, a slow ripple from one side to the
other, as though a hand were gently shaking the pots back and forth.

"If I would have known we were going to be motion sick, I don't think we would
have stayed. I didn't know it would affect me this way," said Mr. Williams, who
felt distinctly dizzy after a day of swaying back and forth. He knew the
building would move, of course, but it was hard to know how it would feel before
it happened; during Irene last year he'd lived in a mid-rise.

Still, the view was, as always, unparalleled. "We're facing south to the
Battery, we can see if the water's coming up, a lot of police are driving down
there."

Not that there is anything to worry about at the top of a skyscraper during a
storm, Tom Scarangello assured The Observer. Mr. Scarangello, the CEO and
Chairman of Thornton Tomasetti, the engineering firm behind many of the city's
recently-built skyscrapers, including the New York Times building, said that the
city's skyscrapers are built to withstand winds high above 100 miles per hour.
Indeed, the swaying is part of the building design (flexibility is an asset in
high winds), even though most new buildings are designed to minimize
perceptibility, dampening the motion that residents can feel.

Mostly, he said, skyscraper dwellers need an additional visual or audio cue to
perceive the building's motion: a creaking from the sheetrock, or a wobbling
flagpole seen from the window.

"The New York City building codes are designed for over 100 mph winds; they're
very robust. Tall buildings, because of the nature of the construction and their
possible exposure, they get a lot of scrutiny because the consequences of
failure would be so extreme," Mr. Scarangello told us. "The main danger to the
building in a storm is water damage. Once water breaches the building envelope
and wind gets inside, you have major structural damage."

None of this should concern building residents during a storm, Mr. Scarangello
said. The only thing they should worry about are flying debris hitting the
windows.

"We know that people put all sorts of things on their roofs in this wonderful
city," he said. "The glass is strong enough for wind loads, but not for impacts
from unanticipated objects flying around. It's a low probability, of course, by
I wouldn't be hanging around windows."

Andy, a resident who lives on the 21st floor of the W. Hotel in Hoboken, said he
was more worried about the water than the wind when we called him earlier today.
Not that the wind wasn't doing a number on his apartment.

"The building is rocking and rolling, the chandelier is shaking back and forth.
I actually saw it moving in a circular motion," he said, sending us a video of
said chandelier. When he wasn't watching his quavering lighting fixtures, he was
staring at the Hudson (of course, he had an excellent vantage point).

"It looks like the ocean, there are whitecaps," said Andy. "The building is only
about 30 or 40 feet from the Hudson. We're mostly concerned about flooding, that
the lobby will flood and we won't have a way to get out."

At New York by Gehry, 18th floor resident Kathy Williams said that she wasn't
feeling anything. Yet.

"I haven't really been looking; Ive been watching TV, " Ms. Williams confessed.
"I'm just hoping that the builders did their job right and I'll be ok."

At Mr. Gehry's other building, Beekman Tower in Midtown, the guests were
nonchalant, the front desk attendant told us. No complaints come back from
guests sickened by any swaying motions. But then, Beekman was a mere 26 stories.

"It's really nothing major. The restaurant is closed and most of the guests are
hanging out in the lobby, reading a book," he said.

In fact, the scariest thing about skyscrapers during Hurricane Sandy seems to be
living next to one that's under construction.

kvelsey@observer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            March 30, 2011 Wednesday

Johnny Cash couldn't sway Provo jury

BYLINE: By Cimaron Neugebauer The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 391 words


Even a mournful ballad from Johnny Cash couldn't sway a Provo jury Tuesday to
convict an Orem man on charges of aggravated assault.

Prosecutor Randy Kennard said after the first day of the trial he was thinking
about the case and a song popped into his head he couldn't shake -- "Don't Take
Your Guns to Town."

"I was driving home -- and I mean ... I like Johnny Cash," Kennard said. "I just
kind of thought that [the song] has a bit of the flavor of this case."

Fidel Ruiz Quintana, 43, was at a friend's house in Orem drinking whiskey in
October when an argument over the alcohol with two other men turned physical.

The prosecution alleged Quintana stabbed a man with a knife underneath his chin,
slicing the victim's mouth and tongue.

Quintana "got very drunk, was offended" and for "no apparent reason stabbed his
friend," Kennard said.

He felt using the lyrics of the song spoke to the prosecution's point -- when
people are intoxicated they may do things they wouldn't ordinarily do if they
were sober.

"Some people who heard [the song] thought it fit well, but at the same time, the
jury found we didn't prove beyond a reasonable doubt," Kennard said.

The 4th District Court acquitted Quintana on Tuesday.

Why the county-western ballad?

"Sometimes the legal profession gets a little dry," Kennard said.

The defense enjoyed Kennard's creative approach to the closing argument.

"He did a very good job, " said defense attorney J.C. Wright.

The defense's case revolved around Quintana acting in self-defense.

"One [person] he believed was a gang member and [the other] a former boxer,"
Wright said. "Those just weren't odds he felt comfortable about."

As for the man who was stabbed, Wright said, "He said he has healed, but
sometimes when he speaks in Spanish it causes difficulty."

Before being acquitted, Quintana spent the past five months in jail.

"This was a pretty costly decision for him," Wright said. Alt Heads:

Johnny Cash couldn't sway Provo jury Some of the lyrics from 'Don't Take Your
Guns to Town'

"He drank his first strong liquor then to calm his shaking hand. And tried to
tell himself he had become a man. A dusty cowpoke at his side began to laugh him
down. And he heard again his mothers words: Don't take your guns to town, son.
Leave your guns at home, Bill. Don't take your guns to town." On the Web

Hear the song » http://tinyurl.com/dgnds8

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

HEALTH;
Tango provides fun and therapy

BYLINE: Shelia M. Poole; Staff

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 701 words



HIGHLIGHT: Dance class for seniors helps those with Parkinson's.


Maria Birdseye's right hand trembled as she placed it on her dance partner's
arm.

Her legs were slightly unsteady.

Neither seemed to matter, though, once the music started and Birdseye began to
slowly move to the rhythm.

"It's tiring," Birdseye, 71, said after an hour-and-a-half lesson that includes
a 20-to-25-minute warm-up of stretches, punching and circular hand movements.
"But the benefit is that you feel invigorated the next day to do more. I walk
farther --- I might do 2 miles instead of 1 --- and I garden more."

Birdseye is among nearly two dozen seniors who have signed up for a free adapted
tango class at Clairmont Place retirement community. They gather twice a week in
a sunlit community room turned ballroom on the first floor to dance the tango.

The class has been offered at other sites. This class runs through Oct. 2.

"Listen to the music, its message," coos Madeleine E. Hackney, who created the
program to help seniors with Parkinson's disease increase their mobility and
cognitive skills. It's an approach supported by research. "Its message is to
move. Relax and shake it out."

She tells them to close their eyes and feel the music. "One, two, one, two," she
says gently. "Then sway, sway."

"No," one woman chides her peeping partner. "You're supposed to close your
eyes."

More than a million people in the United States have Parkinson's, a progressive
neurological disease that is characterized by mobility problems including
slowness, rigidity, balance and tremors. Some people may also have trouble
writing, experience a decrease in facial expressions, fatigue, depression and
have trouble sleeping, although symptoms vary by person.

The tango class was designed for vets and/or people with Parkinson's and their
families, friends and community volunteers.

Classical Argentine tango movements have been tweaked for people who may have
trouble with their balance, movements or remembering the steps.

"Tango is a very flexible dance," said Hackney, a former dancer and now a
research health scientist at the Atlanta VA Medical Center and an assistant
professor of medicine at Emory University. "It's improvisational, it has a
number of steps that challenges balance and it's aesthetically a very pretty
dance."

Beyond that, the social nature of the partner dance can improve a person's
quality of life and mood.

In adapted tango, steps are modified. For instance, extra steps might be added
before a pivot. It uses easier positions for someone whose balance might be off.

Those who need help and a steadier partner are paired with younger staffers or
volunteers.

Birdseye, a retired teacher who lives in Decatur, was diagnosed with Parkinson's
disease three years ago. She enjoys the social aspects as well as the exercise.

When she was diagnosed, she admits it was scary.

"I didn't know whether or not I would end up in a wheelchair," she said, much
less dance.

It's unknown what causes the disease that usually occurs when a person is in
their 50s or 60s, although it has been known to strike people much younger. At
least 60,000 are newly diagnosed each year. More awareness has been raised about
the disease after celebrities such as Michael J. Fox, Muhammad Ali and Linda
Ronstadt revealed they suffer from Parkinson's.

Research has shown that dance --- particularly tango --- can be therapeutic for
Parkinson's patients, according to Terry Ellis, a physical therapist and faculty
member at Boston University and director of the National Rehab Resource Center
of the American Parkinson Disease Association.

"We know exercise is beneficial, and more studies show it should be among the
standards of care," she said. "We don't really know what is it about tango, per
se, that is so special. People with Parkinson's have difficulty with automatic
movement. They can't turn on that movement. But there's something about the
music in general that makes moving easier."

Just watch Birdseye.

She's fine if her dance moves don't land her a spot on "Dancing With the Stars."

She's meeting new friends, even some who are dealing with the same health
issues.

"There are people here who are in the same boat," she said, "and we're fighting
it."

Go to MyAJC.com/living to see video from Hackney's adapted tango class.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              353 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                             January 2, 2017 Monday

PhysioWave, Inc. (California) applies for US Patent titled as "DETERMINING
PHYSIOLOGICAL PARAMETERS USING MOVEMENT DETECTION"

LENGTH: 240 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160374618 for US Patent, published on January 29, 2017, by
PhysioWave, Inc. (California), titled as "DETERMINING PHYSIOLOGICAL PARAMETERS
USING MOVEMENT DETECTION"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Giovangrandi; Laurent B.; (Palo Alto, CA)

Applicant: PhysioWave, Inc.   Santa Clara   CA   US (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Certain aspects of the disclosure are directed to determining cardiac
physiological parameters. Specific embodiments concern an arrangement of
apparatuses including a platform region configured and arranged with an area for
the user to stand, a plurality of force sensors including sensor circuitry, and
a processor circuitry. The force sensors provide a plurality of analog signals
while the user is standing on the platform region. The processor circuitry is
configured and arranged to determine cardiac physiological parameters of the
user corresponding to a graphical representation of cardiac movements, by
processing the analog signals, mitigating at least some effect on the analog
signals attributable to postural sway of the user, and generating data
indicative of the physiological parameters based on said processing of the
analog signals and the mitigating of at least some of the effect on the analog
signals attributable to postural sway of the user."


LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 17, 2010 Tuesday

BIRTHDAY BOOTH - THE NEW KIDDIE PARTY ZONE FOR ADULTS

BYLINE: Carrie Seim

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 258 words


ONE of the best new venues for birthday celebrations is at the Hester Street
Fair on the Lower East Side, which rents birthday booths Saturdays and Sundays
for $100 per day and lets birthday boys and girls kick it, kid style. The fair
played host to a babyish 42nd birthday bash for Ivan Wicksteed, vice president
of global marketing at Converse, last April. Wicksteed's wife, Annie Yun,
orchestrated a vintage photo booth, a giant happy birthday poster and bouquets
of balloons printed with Ivan's face and the message "Happy Birthday Ivanator."
Yun says the silly spectacle drew neighborhood kids, street-fair shoppers and
even local cops. "It was one of those New York moments - it was nice to share it
with other people," she says.

Last month, George Yzquierdo, who owns the Treasures & Pleasures antique jewelry
shop, hosted his 55th at the fair in the style of a childlike tea party -
complete with food tickets, balloons and punch.

"I've had fabulous birthday parties in fabulous locations - but this one was
about as fun as it gets," he says.

It's a sentiment echoed by Sway Calloway, a "30-something" MTV News
correspondent who partied young at the birthday booth two weeks ago with fruit
Popsicles, mini cupcakes and a deejay.

"I've thrown birthday parties in St. Thomas . . . in Miami - this time, I wanted
to do something to differentiate myself," he says. "People will be thinking, '
Sway did a party at a street fair - what does that mean exactly?' " Maybe that,
like the rest of us, he doesn't want to grow up - he's a big birthday kid.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                            October 16, 2009, Friday

Gay rights advocates win a round on California's Prop. 8

BYLINE: Michael B. Farrell Staff writer

SECTION: national; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 580 words


The case heads to trial in January. Many expect it to eventually land in United
States Supreme Court where it could amount to a landmark ruling in the divisive
nationwide debate over the definition of marriage.

Chief Judge Vaughn Walker ruled against the defendants in the case who argued
that the Prop. 8 suit should be summarily dismissed. They attempted to sway the
court on the grounds that the US Supreme Court has already set the legal
precedent in the matter because it opted not to abolish a Minnesota law in 1972
that restricts marriage to heterosexual couples.

Judge Walker maintained that Prop. 8 raises enough legal questions to warrant a
trial.

"We are disappointed but not surprised," says Andy Pugno, a lawyer representing
Prop. 8 supporters in the case, in phone interview following the judge's ruling.

The decision comes nearly a year after Californians narrowly approved Prop. 8
after a vigorous campaign by both sides to sway voters. Soon after the November
poll, the measure was challenged in state court and eventually upheld by the
California Supreme Court.

This new lawsuit brought by two same-sex couples represented by David Boies and
Theodore Olson, lawyers who gained national prominence for arguing against each
other in the Bush v. Gore 2000 election case, insists that Prop. 8 violates the
couples' "liberties and equal protection under the law that are guaranteed by
the Fourteenth Amendment of the Unites States Constitution."

Wednesday's ruling is certainly a major step for gay rights advocates who plan
on challenging Prop. 8 at the ballot box in 2010.

It also comes on the heels of two other recent victories for the gay rights
movement. Over the weekend, Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a law giving legal
protection in California to same-sex couples married in other states, and he
also inked a bill to create a holiday honoring one of the movement's most
celebrated heroes, slain San Francisco politician Harvey Milk.

Earlier this month, the legal team of Boies and Olson successfully argued they
should have access to internal documents of the Protect Marriage campaign, one
of the key groups behind the Prop. 8 initiative.

Defense attorneys countered that those documents should be kept private on First
Amendment grounds. They have appealed the decision to the US Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit.

In an earlier statement, Mr. Pugno said he would try to prevent Boies and Olson
from painting Prop. 8 supporters as being motivated by "bigotry and
discrimination."

But he also says there are bigger issues at play in the ruling over the campaign
documents.

"Never before has the winning side been forced to handover the playbook to the
losing side," he said on Wednesday. "This effects anyone in the political
process going forward. Any political campaign would be at risk of having to
expose their strategies."

But while the federal court challenge to Prop. 8 moves ahead, it also carries
potential risks for the national gay rights movement as it is seeing many gains
across the country. Six states have legalized gay marriage. If the case does
make it to the US Supreme Court a ruling against same-sex marriage would
certainly be a setback to their cause.

"Now that the fight has been started, there is a lot at stake for both sides and
[this case] will likely result in one single US Supreme Court decision that will
resolve the issue for generations to come," says Pugno.

--

Follow us on Twitter.

(c) Copyright 2009. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            June 19, 2010, Saturday

Manchin marshals the centrists;
Good for him; the nation is on the wrong path

BYLINE: Johanna Maurice

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 766 words


GOV. Joe Manchin recently announced formation of his Country Roads political
action committee and plans to begin soliciting contributions soon - from
Democrats, Republicans and "centrists."

"I am going for a centrist group of people who want to bring this country back
the middle," he told the Daily Mail's editorial board.

Bully for him. It's high time somebody did.

Somebody's got to save the country, and the clear-thinking and levelheaded
Manchin can make a difference.

He wants "balance" - between left and right, between the economy and the
environment, and more.

So do most Americans.

West Virginians have long had the reputation of being "yellow-dog Democrats" -
meaning they would vote for a yellow dog if he foamed at the mouth at the Labor
Day Picnic.

But even yellow dog Democrats are alarmed by the leftist lurch of the party
leaders who hold sway in Washington now.

And concern is warranted, because the course party leaders are pursuing would
bring the United States to ruin.

So far, the Obama administration and the liberal wing of the Democratic Party
have given the American people one enormous bailout after another, wild
spending, gynormous debt, and one grandiose scheme after another - first for
health care and next for wrenching "climate change" legislation.

Out with coal and reliable coal-fired power. In with wind farms on every ridge.

And what - intermittent power?

It's the progressive wing of the Democratic Party that holds sway in Washington
now, and they're practically rabid dogs.

They don't know much about the nation they would control, display no interest in
learning, and have made it plain that they don't care what anybody else thinks.

In fact, they've made it clear that they would destroy anyone who opposes them -
even Democrats.

On June 9, The Washington Post reported: "The progressive leaders meeting in
Washington this week were savoring the prospect - all but a certainty in their
minds - that they would claim their first scalp on Tuesday.

"Speaker after speaker said it wouldn't be the last, declaring that the push to
hold centrist Democratic lawmakers accountable to the party's liberal base would
continue beyond Arkansas."

One of the intended targets of the "progressive" Democrats gathered in
Washington was Democratic Sen. Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas, who faced a runoff
against a candidate supported by the "progressive" wing of her party.

Lincoln had committed several political sins. She didn't vote for a
government-run health insurance company, or for "card-check" legislation that
would have done away with secret ballots in union elections.

That made her, to the progressives, the enemy.

Vowed former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean at the progressives' conclave: "We are
going to hold their feet to the fire until they act like real Democrats. Those
are our seats, not their seats. They serve at our pleasure . . . . "

Unions alone spent $10 million on the effort to bury Lincoln.

She won the race.

Learning nothing, apparently, "Labor leaders said they would turn their
attention to other moderate Democrats," the Post said.

Some "progressive" Democrats don't think even President Obama is enough of a
leftist.

Philip Elliott of The Associated Press, again reporting on the progressives'
conclave:

"They faulted Obama for the ongoing wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, the slow pace
in repealing the ban on gays serving in the military, and last year's economic
stimulus package, which they described as inadequate at $787 billion . . . ."

"Activists say they would rather have 'good Democrats' - in the words of Daily
Kos founder Markos Moulitsas - than moderates who don't advance a progressive
agenda."

So, to "progressives," a "moderate Democrat" is not a "good Democrat" or a "real
Democrat."

Vast swaths of the nation disagree.

To many West Virginia Democrats, the people who rule Washington today are
economically ignorant, reckless, controlling nut cases.

To many Americans, a "progressive" is someone who intends to take progressively
more of your money and give it to somebody else.

A "progressive" is someone who would abolish coal mining, put tens of thousands
of people out of work to save a mayfly, and put windmills on every hilltop so we
could have the power reliability that Third World countries enjoy.

What's progressive about that?

Nothing.

It's time for Americans in both parties to assert themselves.

The Democratic Party is on the wrong course. The nation is on the wrong course.

Here's to those, like Manchin, who lead the race to the sensible center.

Maurice is editorial page editor of the Daily Mail. She may be reached at
348-4802 or hanna@dailymail.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                              357 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 31, 2012 Tuesday

Badge of honor, mark of shame: Oklahoma lawmaker rankings can have either effect

BYLINE: M. Scott Carter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 537  words


Getting a high ranking isn't always a good thing.

With the August primary election just days away and the November general
election just around the corner, groups and organizations of all political
stripes are sizing up members of the Legislature in report cards, analysis and
rankings.

Designed to sway voters and as a tool for membership, many rankings are based on
a litmus test of votes. Others fall along party lines and some take a look at
the legislator's success during the session.

State lawmakers said the rankings can help - or hurt - a legislator.

"Honestly, it depends on the organization," said state Rep. Joe Dorman, D-Rush
Springs. "Take the National Rifle Association. For years groups like the NRA
have had a great deal of sway with their members. And their rankings do matter,
especially in the eyes of their constituents. "

In Oklahoma, the NRA and its sister organization, the Oklahoma Rifle
Association, rank lawmakers based on their support for gun rights. Other groups,
such as the Research Institute for Economic Development, take a look at how
members of the Legislature come down on business issues.

In addition, groups such as Sally's List monitor and rank members on their
support for women's issues, while the Oklahoma Conservative Political Action
Committee identifies lawmakers who make conservative votes.

The evaluations, Dorman said, are all part of the process.

"There are some groups that people pay attention to and there are others that
you look at and say at the end of the day, 'thanks for the consideration,'" he
said.

And though many lawmakers are concerned by the rankings they receive, others
don't worry, and often don't even respond to questionnaires.

"Again, it depends on who is asking," Dorman said. "In some cases, it really
doesn't matter if you don't fill out the questionnaire. In other cases, it's
important. Some groups say they will notify their membership of nonresponses.
Others, like the NRA, send out little orange postcards which say if you are
endorsed by them or not. "

But not every ranking is based on a particular vote.

Some organizations evaluate legislative performance based on how successful the
lawmaker is during the legislative session.

At Oklahoma City's Oklahoma Observer, editor Arnold Hamilton said his newspaper
looks at the legislator as a whole.

"So many organizations use a series of particular votes as their litmus test,"
Hamilton said. "We don't. We try to access who is the most successful and why
they were the most successful for that session. "

That type of evaluation, he said, sometimes puts the Observer at odds with its
readers.

"This year we put (state) Sen. Steve Russell on our list of the best
legislators," Hamilton said. "And I got a vitriolic letter from one of our
readers. But our judgment was that he had been very successful and that he was
worthy of being on the list. "

Like Dorman, Hamilton said the rankings can be a good thing-bad thing for
lawmakers.

"Sometimes being listed in the top 10 is a good thing, but for other members
being listed as one of the top 10 by the Observer isn't helpful at all," he
said. "In some quarters it's a badge of honor if you get listed on the bottom.
It all depends on what group is paying attention. "

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 31, 2012 Tuesday

Badge of honor, mark of shame: Oklahoma lawmaker rankings can have either effect

BYLINE: M. Scott Carter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 540  words


Getting a high ranking isn't always a good thing. With the August primary
election just days away and the November general election just around the
corner, groups and organizations of all political stripes are sizing up members
of the Legislature in report cards, analysis and rankings. Designed to sway
voters and as a tool for membership, many rankings are based on a litmus test of
votes. Others fall along party lines and some take a look at the legislator's
success during the session.

State lawmakers said the rankings can help - or hurt - a legislator. "Honestly,
it depends on the organization," said state Rep. Joe Dorman, D-Rush Springs.
"Take the National Rifle Association. For years groups like the NRA have had a
great deal of sway with their members. And their rankings do matter, especially
in the eyes of their constituents. " In Oklahoma, the NRA and its sister
organization, the Oklahoma Rifle Association, rank lawmakers based on their
support for gun rights. Other groups, such as the Research Institute for
Economic Development, take a look at how members of the Legislature come down on
business issues. In addition, groups such as Sally's List monitor and rank
members on their support for women's issues, while the Oklahoma Conservative
Political Action Committee identifies lawmakers who make conservative votes. The
evaluations, Dorman said, are all part of the process. "There are some groups
that people pay attention to and there are others that you look at and say at
the end of the day, 'thanks for the consideration,'" he said. And though many
lawmakers are concerned by the rankings they receive, others don't worry, and
often don't even respond to questionnaires. "Again, it depends on who is
asking," Dorman said. "In some cases, it really doesn't matter if you don't fill
out the questionnaire. In other cases, it's important. Some groups say they will
notify their membership of nonresponses. Others, like the NRA, send out little
orange postcards which say if you are endorsed by them or not. " But not every
ranking is based on a particular vote. Some organizations evaluate legislative
performance based on how successful the lawmaker is during the legislative
session. At Oklahoma City's Oklahoma Observer, editor Arnold Hamilton said his
newspaper looks at the legislator as a whole. "So many organizations use a
series of particular votes as their litmus test," Hamilton said. "We don't. We
try to access who is the most successful and why they were the most successful
for that session. " That type of evaluation, he said, sometimes puts the
Observer at odds with its readers. "This year we put (state) Sen. Steve Russell
on our list of the best legislators," Hamilton said. "And I got a vitriolic
letter from one of our readers. But our judgment was that he had been very
successful and that he was worthy of being on the list. " Like Dorman, Hamilton
said the rankings can be a good thing-bad thing for lawmakers. "Sometimes being
listed in the top 10 is a good thing, but for other members being listed as one
of the top 10 by the Observer isn't helpful at all," he said. "In some quarters
it's a badge of honor if you get listed on the bottom. It all depends on what
group is paying attention. "

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              March 9, 2007 Friday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

Cities' use of taxes is targeted

BYLINE: STEVE BOUSQUET, Tallahassee Bureau Chief

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 279 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: Bill would stop use of tax revenue to influence voters.


A Pinellas lawmaker wants to stop cities and counties from using public money to
sway voters, but it was clear Thursday he still has some convincing to do.

Sen. Charlie Justice, D-St. Petersburg, postponed a vote on his proposal after a
flurry of skeptical questions from Senate Ethics & Elections Committee members.

The bill would fine an official $1,000 per count for spending public money to
support or oppose an election issue, referendum or amendment. It also prohibits
anyone from "acting on behalf of" local officials.

"What it does do is stop them from spending my tax dollars to take a position on
a referendum," Justice said.

Justice said his bill would not stop officials from giving speeches, writing
opinion pieces or appearing on TV. They simply couldn't spend taxpayers' money
to do it, he said.

The bill (SB 734) is a reaction to cases in Pinellas and Volusia counties in
which city and county officials used public money to try to sway public opinion
on referendums.

The Florida Supreme Court ruled it legal in a 1991 case for local governments to
spend public money to take sides.

Kraig Conn, a lobbyist for the Florida League of Cities, criticized the bill as
overly broad and "intrudes upon local government authority."

As written, Conn said, the bill would subject city officials to fines for using
city-owned phones or computers to send an e-mail to a reporter or a constituent.

Justice postponed a vote on his bill after fielding a series of skeptical
questions from Sens. Bill Posey, Steve Oelrich and JD Alexander.

"We certainly believe in the right of elected leaders to discuss issues in the
community," Alexander said.

Justice promised to bring the bill back.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LOCAL & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Sen. Charlie Justice ran into resistance with his bill.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cairns Post (Australia)

                           December 6, 2012 Thursday
                                1 - MAIN Edition

AROUND THE WORLD One of the world's longest-standing and most respected hip-hop
DJs drops in for one night only

SECTION: HIT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 278  words


IN the world of hip-hop, it doesn't come much bigger or influential than Los
Angeles turntable wizard DJ Revolution.

As the man on the wheels of steel for The Wake Up Show with hosts Sway and King
Tech, the world's most syndicated hip-hop radio show, DJ Revolution (pictured)
has been responsible for breaking some of the world's biggest names in rap,
including Eminem, Xzbit, Common and many others.

With more than 12 million listeners a week, DJ Revolution and The Wake Up Show
set the agenda for hip-hop not only in his native USA, but across the globe.

But it doesn't end there.

Aside from his legacy as DJ, producer and editor at Power 106 in Los Angeles,
Revolution has lent his amazing scratch techniques and production skills to many
artists, including Dilated Peoples, Canibus, Chino XL, Tha Alkaholiks, Mystic
and Bootcamp Click.

He has released three full-length solo albums and a collaboration with fellow
Wake Up Show hosts Sway and King Tech on one of America's biggest hip-hop
labels, Interscope, as well as lending his many musical talents to film and
television productions, most notably the soundtrack to Jet Li's 1997 martial
arts cult classic Black Mask. Yet it's in a live format where you'll catch
Revolution at his absolute best.

Cutting, juggling and scratching with military precision, Revolution tears up
the club wherever he goes, leaving dance floors in a state of frenzy with his
combination of bangin' hip-hop hits and turntable wizardry.

In the world of automated mixing and David Guetta glamour, this is a man who
reminds us what the art of DJing is all about.

SEE DJ REVOLUTION AT GILLIGAN'S MAIN ROOM TONIGHT, FROM 9PM-LATE. TICKETS AT THE
DOOR.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCP


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            July 25, 2012 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Startup turns tastemaking into game

BYLINE: BY PHYLLIS FURMAN NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: YOUR MONEY; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 360 words


WATCH OUT, Anna Wintour.

A mobile shopping game debuting Wednesday is looking to turn amateur fashion
observers into influential tastemakers.

Everyone has an opinion about what to buy. Tip or Skip (tiporskip.com),
available online and at Apple's App Store, turns that instinct into a mobile
game, giving you points when others agree.

Users do two things: recommend products and vote on items posted by others.
"Tip" if you like something. "Skip" if you don't.

The more others retip your tips, the more "sway" - game currency - you earn. The
goal: to be recognized as a top influencer.

It's like the "Hot or Not" game made famous in the movie "The Social Network,"
only you're voting on fashion, not people.

"We're trying to help everyone's inner tastemaker come out," Tip or Skip
co-founder and President Nathaniel McNamara, 39, told the Daily News. "The whole
premise is to let people share the things they authentically love."

Based in the Fashion District, Tip or Skip is part of a growing number of tech
companies, including Pinterest.com, Svpply.com and TheFancy.com that let
armchair product mavens tout the items they like.

The company is hoping to harness enough users to eventually attract dollars from
marketers who want to reach them.

The idea is that brands will pay a premium to reach people whose actions
influence others, just as celebs and athletes are paid big to endorse products.

"In the future, we assume brands will compete to give deals to players with the
most sway," McNamara said.

McNamara, a mobile commerce expert, was a founding member of PrivacyBank, the
creator of the online wallet that powered AT&T's original mobile shopping
platform.

His co-founder, Mike Weiksner, 39, is a Stanford University PhD and persuasive
technology expert who founded e-thePeople.org, a digital voter guide.

The two have been friends since they were second-graders at Public School 6 on
Manhattan's upper East Side.

They have raised $2 million to fund the venture and employ seven
workers.pfurman@nydailynews.com

Graphic: How it works

Sign up at -tiporskip.com

View products. Tip what you like, skip what you -don't like

Earn sway for spotting items the community also likes

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;INFOGRAPHIC, Michael Weiksner Nathnaiel McNamara

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.


                              362 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Philadelphia Daily News

                            February 13, 2006 Monday

Howard Gensler | Barker to L.A. zoo: This sway lies madness

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 855 words


"Price Is Right" host Bob Barker is battling the Los Angeles Zoo over the fate
of the zoo's three elephants.

On Friday, Barker pleaded with L.A.'s City Council to close the zoo's elephant
exhibit, saying the pachyderms lived in misery and that two of the elephants
were ill.

"I came here today to ask, to beg you... to vote to release those elephants from
that zoo," Barker said.

(Had council agreed, the beasts are sure to have slowed down traffic on the
Ventura Freeway.)

But John Lewis, the zoo's director, said Barker's information is wrong. "He was
making statements that were just factually untrue," he said.

Two of the zoo's elephants, Billy and Ruby, are healthy physically and mentally,
Lewis said.

(Must be the Pilates.)

Gita, he said, is recovering from October foot surgery.

Barker, 82, and a longtime animal rights activist, stood by his remarks Saturday
saying that Gita has had continuous problems with her feet (maybe if she lost a
little weight?) and she continues to stand on cement and hardpacked soil, which
exacerbates her condition. He also said that Ruby is under emotional stress and
has started to sway back and forth for hours at a time.

"The only place you see that is at zoos and circuses. When they are under such
emotional stress they begin to sway," Barker said.

Barker also denounced the zoo's plans to build a 2-acre, $19 million elephant
exhibit that supporters claim would provide more space and a more natural
environment.

Tattbits

Conan O'Brien, who endorsed the re-election of Finnish President Tarja Halonen
with mock ad campaigns, said Saturday in Helsinki that he expects to be rewarded
with a Cabinet position as inspector of saunas - "mostly women's saunas."

Of course if political patronage works there as it does here, Conan will
probably get a job in Traffic Court.

Although he has three Oscar nominations, George Clooney told reporters at the
Berlin Film Festival, he doesn't expect to win this year.

"There's been a lot of 'Brokeback Mountain' stuff," he said.

Given a choice between a push-up bra and letting it all hang out, Sharon Stone
is altogether fine with the altogether.

"You look around at women's dresses that are so low cut, you can see acres of
boobies," she told Esquire.

And Tattle knows many farmers who'd like to plow those acres.

"Frankly, I find the acres of shoved-up boobies so much more horrifying than
walking across the room nude.

"One is much more honest whereas the other looks like you have your bum on
backwards."

Robert Redford is moving in on Tattle's turf.

Talking to Newsweek about the Sundance Film Festival, which he founded, Redford
said, "To the outside world, it's a big fat market where you have people like
Paris Hilton going to parties. Now, she doesn't have anything to do with
anything... ."

Barry Manilow is set to play off his chart-topping, "The Greatest Songs of the
Fifties," with CDs of songs from other decades.

"We've already begun the '60s," BMG honcho Clive Davis told Billboard.

"Fifties" surprised everyone by becoming Manilow's first No. 1 album in 30
years, in part due to Barry's ceaseless promotion on any show that would have
him.

"I'm a media slut right now," he quipped. "Don't be surprised if you find me on
the Weather Channel."

The bosses at ABC would probably be a lot happier if their news division would
merely report the news, and stop making it.

First, beloved, longtime anchor Peter Jennings died in August. Then
co-replacement anchor Bob Woodruff was badly injured by a roadside bomb in Iraq.
Now his co-anchor, Elizabeth Vargas, is pregnant with her second child.

Sure this is happy news, but with Woodruff out indefinitely and Vargas due to
give birth late summer, it will be difficult for ABC to get any traction for its
new anchor team.

Zap2it.com reports that coming soon on the Hollywood remake schedule will be
"Black Christmas," based on the 1974 sorority house horror hit that helped
launch the slasher film generation.

The project, due, of course, at Christmas, is from the "Final Destination" guys
and its required pulchritude will be supplied by "FD3's" Mary Elizabeth Winstead
, Michelle Trachtenberg ("Buffy the Vampire Slayer"), Lacey Chabert ("Party of
Five") and Katie Cassidy (the soon-to-be released "Click").

In a bit of odd casting news, the Hollywood Reporter says Adam Sandler and Kevin
James are talking about playing firemen who pretend to be gay so they can get
domestic partner benefits in "I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry."

The odd part? While David Dobkin ("The Wedding Crashers") is slated to direct,
the screenplay is being written by critical fave Oscar-winners Alexander Payne
and James Taylor ("Sideways," "About Schmidt").

People reports Scott Stapp, the former lead singer of the annoying Creed,
married Jaclyn Nesheiwat Friday.

Stapp's 7-year-old son, Jagger, served as the best man.

In addition to being a former Miss New York, Nesheiwat is the director of public
affairs for the Scott Stapp Foundation, which promotes healthy parent-child
relationships.

And even healthier (wink, wink) boss-employee relationships.

Daily News wire services contributed to this report. Send e-mail to
gensleh@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Inside Bay Area

                              May 29, 2006 Monday

Stars, official honored as heroes

BYLINE: By Jacquinn Scales, CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 527 words


OAKLAND -- Covenant House of California honored two entertainment celebrities
and a local bank official for their efforts to help children living on the
streets.

MTV host Sway Calloway, actor Delroy Lindo and Wells Fargo Vice President Dale
Marie Golden received honorary awards at the third annual Community Hero
Celebration earlier this month at the Lake Merritt Hotel.

Since 1988, Covenant House has opened its doors to more than 145,000 homeless
young people throughout California. The staff provides outreach and residential
services to help kids living on the streets.

Covenant House started in Hollywood and opened an Oakland program in 1998. More
than 900 young people are helped each year in the Bay Area through the day
program, which offers job training, drug treatment and life skills. An estimated
150 young people in the Bay Area each year are housed in program shelters, and
more than 3,000 are helped through the street outreach program.

There are 23 staff members at the Bay Area Covenant House shelter and day
program.

Currently, there are 21 Covenant Housesites throughout the world. Fifteen are in
the United States, with the rest in other countries including Mexico, Canada and
Central America.

Executive Director George Lozano started as an associate executive director for
the Hollywood program in 1991 and became executive director in 1999 for both
Hollywood and Oakland programs.

"I have been involved in social work for 35 years and worked for many programs,"
Lozano said.

MTV's Sway Calloway was honored for his work in the hip-hop community. Calloway
rose through the ranks of hip-hop media, starting as a radio host for Bay Area's
106.1 FM-KMEL and later as MTV news correspondent and executive. Calloway, who
owns a clothing line, emphasizes the importance of education and leadership when
he is working with young people. He is involved in a local community mentorship
program in New York City, where he now lives. Calloway credited his brother for
his drive for success.

"There wasn't a moment in my career that my brother wasn't by my side," Calloway
said. His brother, Terrance, a Bay Area resident and hip-hop promoter, also
attended the awards ceremony.

Golden, an English teacher who later went into sales, made a name for herself in
Chicago. She became executive vice president of her own company and president of
the National Network of Women in sales. She began in Wells Fargo's training
program, becoming an officer in the private banking division. Golden was honored
by Covenant House for her volunteer and fundraising efforts for the group.

Lindo first came to the Bay Area in the 1970s. He has been in numerous movies,
including "Clockers," "Ransom" and "Malcolm X."

Lindo has been active in the community, working on fundraisers for various
causes. Most recently he helped with Hurricane Katrina relief work in Houston as
well as in the Mississippi communities of Jackson, Tylertown and Columbia.

In the Bay Area, he has helped on such projects as the Oral Lee Brown
Foundation, Bayview Hunters Point Center for Arts and Technology, and Covenant
House.

Young people who were helped by Covenant House also spoke at the awards event.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                           February 21, 2017 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Brawny rock-crawler flexes muscles; First Drive: Hardcore Ram Power Wagon has
plenty of power to tackle the most gruelling off-road climbs

BYLINE: Lesley Wimbush, The Province

SECTION: TRUCKING; The Truck Guy; Pg. A31

LENGTH: 905 words

DATELINE: VALLEY OF FIRE, Nevada


We're only 80 kilometres northeast of Las Vegas, but the contrast is startling.
Deep in the heart of the Mojave Desert, the striated cliffs, twisted rock
formations and vast blue sky are the perfect antidote to the tawdry lights of
the Vegas strip.

The deep canyons and great shifting sand dunes provide a terrific playground for
evaluating the rock-crawling prowess of the latest Ram Power Wagon. Its name is
derived, of course, from the iconic Dodge Power Wagon, introduced in 1946 as a
weapons carrier and the world's first 4x4 pickup truck. The badge was
resurrected in 2005 for special hardcore off-road versions of the Ram.

While the important mechanical bits in the 2017 Power Wagon remain unchanged, it
returns with a tough new exterior more fitting for a brawny rock-crawler. Where
the previous model was festooned with far too much brightwork for a serious
off-roader, the new design eschews gaudy chrome in favour of blacked-out grille,
a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips, rugged wheel arches, and black mirror
caps with matching wheels.

The interior gets some exclusive Power Wagon badging, an optional black
headliner and tire treadthemed seat inserts.

It certainly looks the part of dedicated rock-crawler. And underneath the macho
exterior is an arsenal of off-road equipment that leads Fiat Chrysler to claim
the Power Wagon is "the most capable truck in Canada." This includes complete
under-chassis armour, Bilstein mono-tube shocks, five-link coil rear suspension,
electronic disconnecting sway bar, electric locking front and rear
differentials, 33-inch Goodyear off-road tires and a 12,000-pound Warn winch up
front.

The Power Wagon boasts 363 millimetres (14.3 inches) of clearance, 660 mm (26
inches) of wheel travel and 762 mm (30 inches) of water fording.

It's powered by the 6.4-litre Hemi V8 engine, with 410 horsepower and 429
pound-feet of torque. The engine is mated to a heavy duty sixspeed automatic
transmission, and while the driveline lacks the prodigious torque of the Cummins
diesel, it's plenty powerful enough for even the most gruelling climbs.

As any hardcore off-roader knows, the secret to clambering over enormous
obstacles and inching up jagged cliffs lies in suspension articulation. Simply
put, it's the vehicle's ability to keep all four wheels in contact with the
ground, regardless of how rough the terrain. Many trail enthusiasts remove the
sway bar to get more flex, but the downside is a truck that wallows and rolls
when they leave the trail for everyday roads.

Getting to Fire Valley entailed nearly two hours of highway driving, over which
the Ram exhibited solid handling with very little roll. Potholes and washboard
pavement were nicely absorbed by the suspension damping, with little intrusion
into the cabin.

The secret to the Power Wagon's versatility lies in its "Ram Articulink" front
suspension setup, which uses high-movement joints between the control arm and
axle mount for more flexibility and up to 660 mm (26 inches) of vertical wheel
movement.

Instead of stopping at the trail head and grabbing the tool box, the Power Wagon
lets you disconnect the sway bar from inside the truck by simply pushing a
button. The class-exclusive, electronically disconnecting "smart bar" allows the
front axle to move independently of the frame, which of course lets the truck
flex over large obstacles while keeping rubber on the ground.

In the rear, the Power Wagon has the same multi-link coil rear suspension used
by all Ram 2500 HD trucks. Its advantages over traditional leaf springs include
less unsprung mass, better articulation and less shuddering over rough surfaces
from undesirable axle rotation.

Most of the sandy roads required only 4WD. But when our way became strewn with
large boulders and deeply rutted tracks, we switched over to 4LO, which allowed
us to climb steep hills quite effortlessly. The truck's hill-descent control
system allowed us to set a steady speed downward without touching the throttle
or brake pedal.

Fire Valley's name is derived from the deep red sandstone of its canyons, and
erosion has sculpted some unique rock formations which we had to circumnavigate
or clamber over.

Using the dash-mounted sway-bar disconnect frees up the front wheels, giving
them a greater range of movement to climb over even enormous boulders and slabs
of rock. Although there's the occasional wince-inducing clang of metal hitting
rock, the Power Wagon's underside is generously protected by steel armour.

Fiat Chrysler says the new Power Wagon is the most capable off-road truck in
Canada, a lofty claim that will have Ford F-150 Raptor owners throwing down the
gauntlet.

While there's a lot of overlap between the two vehicles, the Raptor is a
high-speed desert racer, able to launch itself off sand dunes, and the Power
Wagon is a tough, brawny rock-crawler with a 685-kilogram (1,510-pound) payload
and the ability to tow 4,550 kg (10,030 lbs) of gear to the trail site.

Its 5,445-kg (12,000-lb) electric winch comes in handy for extricating those
unfortunates who find themselves stuck.

In addition to the Class 5 receiver hitch, the Ram Power Wagon comes with an
optional cargo-view camera for monitoring payload, and a tailgate-mounted
rear-view camera.

The 2017 Ram Power Wagon is available in Canadian dealerships now, starting at
$58,945 and available with a Leather and Luxury package ($4,995). !@COPYRIGHT=©
2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Lesley Wimbush, Driving.Ca; The Ram Power Wagon 2500 is
equipped with under-chassis armour and electronic disconnecting sway bar.;
Photos: Lesley Wimbush, Driving.Ca;  The new design eschews gaudy chrome in
favour of blacked-out grille and a powder-coated bumper resistant to chips.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 The Vancouver Province
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     October 15, 2016 Saturday 2:30 PM GMT

John Legend reacts to Kim Kardashian hold-up: 'You can't go through life in
fear'

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 317 words


John Legend isn't making any changes in his family's life after his friend Kim
Kardashian was robbed.

John Legend isn't worried about experiencing the same scary drama his friend Kim
Kardashian endured in Paris earlier this month (03Oct15).

The All of Me hitmaker and his wife, model Chrissy Teigen, have been close with
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West for years, and Chrissy was one of the first
celebrities to defend Kim on Twitter after trolls joked about her pal's
frightening experience, when robbers raided the reality TV star's Paris, France
apartment, bound and gagged her and pointed a gun at her before making off with
jewellery and electronics.

"I don't think you should go through life thinking that the very worst thing can
happen all the time," John told Sway in the Morning radio host Sway Calloway on
Friday (14Oct15).

"That was an extremely rare kinda thing that isn't likely to happen very often
in anyone's life, that's a one-in-a-billion situation, so you don't want to go
through life expecting one-in-a-billion things to happen to you all the time.

"You can't go through life in fear all the time, and we try not to."

Sway asked Legend if he thought there was any truth to the rumours of insurance
fraud surrounding the robbery, and the singer immediately responded, "I don't
buy that."

He added, "People were criticising (her) security... but (if) five people with
guns come up, I don't care. If you've got two or three security people, they've
got to back up. You don't want to get in a gun fight... Just give them what they
want and escape with your life."

Reports suggest Kim's regular security guard was looking after her sister
Kourtney elsewhere in Paris, leading many to believe the thugs had inside
information about the Kardashians' whereabouts in the city and safety details.

The Kardashians are now back home in Los Angeles. Kim has yet to comment on her
ordeal.

© Cover Media

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           November 22, 2012 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

In Brief

BYLINE: From wire reports<br>

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 256 words


Co-anchors say goodbye on air

From wire reports

Bangor, Maine - Two news co-anchors for a Maine television station surprised
viewers and colleagues by quitting on the air, later citing frustration with
their management.

Cindy Michaels and Tony Consiglio announced their resignations at the end of
Tuesday's 6 p.m. newscast on WVII.

The two didn't give specific reasons on the air for their sudden departure.
Consiglio said that while they enjoyed reporting the news, "some recent
developments have come to our attention, though, and departing together is the
best alternative we can take."

Michaels said she and Consiglio"are very sorry for having to say goodbye for
now, but we'll still be around." She plans to pursue a writing career and paint,
and Consiglio said he would continue his career "in a different capacity."

Their boss said Wednesday they had been on their way out the door anyway.

Buildings sway in strong quake

Santiago, Chile - A strong 5.9-magnitude earthquake shook central Chile on
Wednesday, causing office buildings in the capital to sway for almost a minute,
but authorities said no damage was reported and ruled out the possibility of a
tsunami along its coast.

The U.S. Geological Survey said the quake's epicenter was 37 miles southwest of
the port city of San Antonio, Chile.

Chile is highly earthquake-prone.

In 2010, a devastating 8.8-magnitude quake, one of the strongest recorded, and
the tsunami it unleashed killed 551 people, destroyed 220,000 homes and washed
away docks, riverfronts and seaside resorts.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              367 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 2, 2012 Tuesday

What to look for in first debate

BYLINE: Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1272 words


Oct. 02--Most of us already know who we want our next president to be.

Polls show that only about 2 or 3 percent of voters are still undecided whether
they'll vote for Democratic incumbent Barack Obama or Republican challenger Mitt
Romney on Nov. 6.

So, Wednesday night in Denver, during the first of three presidential debates,
those undecideds are whom Obama and Romney will be trying hardest to convince.

A big television audience is expected, so even many of those who already know
whom they'll vote for will be paying close attention to what the candidates say.

But local experts say past debates have shown that it's not always what the
candidates say, but how they say it. And how they look while saying it. And what
they're doing while the opponent is saying his piece.

Here are some tips from local experts on how to determine who wins that first
debate:

Does it matter?

When the candidates square off at the University of Denver, each will be aiming
to create momentum for his campaign. But do televised debates really have the
power to sway voters and launch a campaign on the path to victory?

According to one election expert, probably not.

"We in the media, and I include myself in that, greatly dramatize the effect of
these debates," said Dr. G. Terry Madonna, a political analyst and pollster
affiliated with Franklin & Marshall College in Lancaster.

Despite all the fuss the media and political talking heads make over debates,
Madonna said, they rarely do much to sway voters.

"It's just not accurate to say that these have been transformative moments," he
said of past debates.

Of course, there are always exceptions. Madonna said two debates in the modern
age did change the trajectory of elections.

The first, he said, was during the 1960 election between John F. Kennedy and
Richard M. Nixon. That debate, which was viewed by about 60 percent of the
people in the United States watching television that night, is widely viewed as
the spark that led Kennedy to victory.

The other, Madonna said, was during the 1980 election between Ronald Reagan and
Jimmy Carter. Reagan was able to shed his negative image -- he had been
portrayed as wanting to end Social Security and bomb the Soviet Union -- and
ended up looking rather amiable, Madonna said.

But those cases are rarities, he said.

These days, he said, fewer people watch the debates -- only about half the
number that watch the Super Bowl. And those who do watch tend to already have
their minds set on a candidate.

"This year in particular, there's a small pool of undecided voters," Madonna
said.

That means Wednesday night is pretty unlikely to be an earth-shattering,
election-altering evening.

"The myth is that they do," Madonna said of debates changing elections. "The
fact is, they rarely do."

Body language a factor

Body language in a presidential debate may be more telling than the candidates'
overall style and what they actually say, according to those who study body
language.

Dr. Jennifer Schlegel, an assistant professor of anthropology at Kutztown
University, said viewers should be aware that both positive and negative spins
can be placed on any body movement, depending on the one doing the perceiving.

"The debate format allows Romney to play to his strength as a boardroom chairman
and multimillionaire in a low-touch culture," Schlegel said. "He is not being
asked to interact in this situation to the degree where Obama may appear more
appealing and comfortable as a former community organizer playing to a crowd,
while taking the measure of that crowd.

"Obama is linguistically flexible, but he sometimes comes off a little flat in a
more formal setting such as a debate. I might give the edge to Romney in this
type of debate as opposed to a town-hall format, where there is more interaction
with the audience, which might allow Obama to fare better."

But Schlegel said viewers should look for what she called adapters in body
movement such as sighs, scratching oneself inadvertently or finger-tapping
usually done to relieve stress.

"Typically, these movements don't come off well because they may appear
patronizing, look too much like performing or indicate an uncomfortable degree
of nervousness," she said.

Schlegel urged viewers to be particularly watchful when the candidates greet
each other.

"Look at who gets their hand out first; who invades the other's space; who puts
their hand on top of their opponent's hand," she said.

Granted, different spins can be placed on any of these actions: Obama being
respectful and presidential, or weak and tentative; Romney strong and forceful,
or pushy and overly aggressive.

A sure sign that a debate is becoming more intense and confrontational, she
said, is when candidates look less at the audience to deliver their message
(which is what they want to do), but rather their shoulders turn more in line
with each other.

"In those cases, expect more direct speech than indirect speech, more
accusations and directives flying at each other," Schlegel said.

She said finger-pointing has a long history in American political debate when
the purpose is to make points in a response. But using the end of the index
finger to target the opponent may come off as too aggressive.

"There was a time when candidates interrupting one another might have seemed
rude," Schlegel said. "But in today's media culture with multiple hosts always
talking over one another, the interruption has become the norm.

"There is an art to (interruption) though, and some attempts to interrupt can
make a candidate come off as weak."

But what is the one movement that is deadly for any candidate?

"If you start seeing a candidate rocking back and forth, the message is that
they are having a difficult time containing themselves, or the debate has gone
beyond their degree of comfort; they are beginning to feel crowded in that
space, not usually a good sign," Schlegel said.

And if viewers aren't busy enough watching the candidates, they can watch the
audience for cues as to what is really going on.

"It takes a lot fewer muscles to smile, so if you are seeing people frowning or
looking stern, you know there is a lot of intense energy being expended in that
room," she said.

Check facts and fact-checkers

The most important part of the presidential debates may not be the debates at
all, said David Peshlar, a history teacher at Wilson High School.

"I think one of the biggest things is watching the post-debate analysis," he
said. "They give you fact-checking sites you can use to determine whether the
facts and statistics mentioned by the candidate are actually true.

"Candidates like to throw out percentages and it is important to know where they
are getting their information and how biased it is."

Peshlar said watching the post-debate coverage will enhance the information
voters take away from the debate itself, like positions on the economy, foreign
policy and the war in Afghanistan.

But don't just rely on your favorite source of news.

For example, Fox News is known to lean right and favor Republican Romney. MSNBC
is a left-leaning network whose pundits go easy on Obama, a Democrat.

"It's definitely important to check all the major news outlets," Peshlar said.
"It's important to get both sides, left and right."

If you are still undecided, Peshlar advises, arm yourself with information and
don't rely on someone else to make up your mind for you.

"The best way is to help yourself," he said.

Reporters Bruce Posten, Holly Herman, Dan Kelly, Mike Urban and David Mekeel
contributed to this story.

___ (c)2012 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121002-RE-What-to-look-for-in-first-debate-1002-20121002

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2012 Reading Eagle


                              368 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 2, 2012 Tuesday

What to look for in 1st debate

BYLINE: Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1275 words


Oct. 02--Most of us already know who we want our next president to be.

Polls show that only about 2 or 3 percent of voters are still undecided whether
they'll vote for Democratic incumbent Barack Obama or Republican challenger Mitt
Romney on Nov. 6.

So, Wednesday night in Denver, during the first of three presidential debates,
those undecideds are whom Obama and Romney will be trying hardest to convince.

A big television audience is expected, so even many of those who already know
whom they'll vote for will be paying close attention to what the candidates say.

But local experts say past debates have shown that it's not always what the
candidates say, but how they say it. And how they look while saying it. And what
they're doing while the opponent is saying his piece.

Here are some tips from local experts on how to determine who wins that first
debate:

Does it matter?

When the candidates square off at the University of Denver, each will be aiming
to create momentum for his campaign. But do televised debates really have the
power to sway voters and launch a campaign on the path to victory?

According to one election expert, probably not.

"We in the media, and I include myself in that, greatly dramatize the effect of
these debates," said Dr. G. Terry Madonna, a political analyst and pollster
affiliated with Franklin & Marshall College in Lancaster.

Despite all the fuss the media and political talking heads make over debates,
Madonna said, they rarely do much to sway voters.

"It's just not accurate to say that these have been transformative moments," he
said of past debates.

Of course, there are always exceptions. Madonna said two debates in the modern
age did change the trajectory of elections.

The first, he said, was during the 1960 election between John F. Kennedy and
Richard M. Nixon. That debate, which was viewed by about 60 percent of the
people in the United States watching television that night, is widely viewed as
the spark that led Kennedy to victory.

The other, Madonna said, was during the 1980 election between Ronald Reagan and
Jimmy Carter. Reagan was able to shed his negative image -- he had been
portrayed as wanting to end Social Security and bomb the Soviet Union -- and
ended up looking rather amiable, Madonna said.

But those cases are rarities, he said.

These days, he said, fewer people watch the debates -- only about half the
number that watch the Super Bowl. And those who do watch tend to already have
their minds set on a candidate.

"This year in particular, there's a small pool of undecided voters," Madonna
said.

That means Wednesday night is pretty unlikely to be an earth-shattering,
election-altering evening.

"The myth is that they do," Madonna said of debates changing elections. "The
fact is, they rarely do."

Body language a factor

Body language in a presidential debate may be more telling than the candidates'
overall style and what they actually say, according to those who study body
language.

Dr. Jennifer Schlegel, an assistant professor of anthropology at Kutztown
University, said viewers should be aware that both positive and negative spins
can be placed on any body movement, depending on the one doing the perceiving.

"The debate format allows Romney to play to his strength as a boardroom chairman
and multimillionaire in a low-touch culture," Schlegel said. "He is not being
asked to interact in this situation to the degree where Obama may appear more
appealing and comfortable as a former community organizer playing to a crowd,
while taking the measure of that crowd.

"Obama is linguistically flexible, but he sometimes comes off a little flat in a
more formal setting such as a debate. I might give the edge to Romney in this
type of debate as opposed to a town-hall format, where there is more interaction
with the audience, which might allow Obama to fare better."

But the 44-year-old professor said viewers should look for what she called
adapters in body movement such as sighs, scratching oneself inadvertently or
finger-tapping usually done to relieve stress.

"Typically, these movements don't come off well because they may appear
patronizing, look too much like performing or indicate an uncomfortable degree
of nervousness," she said.

Schlegel urged viewers to be particularly watchful when the candidates greet
each other.

"Look at who gets their hand out first; who invades the other's space; who puts
their hand on top of their opponent's hand," she said.

Granted, different spins can be placed on any of these actions: Obama being
respectful and presidential, or weak and tentative; Romney strong and forceful,
or pushy and overly aggressive.

A sure sign that a debate is becoming more intense and confrontational, she
said, is when candidates look less at the audience to deliver their message
(which is what they want to do), but rather their shoulders turn more in line
with each other.

"In those cases, expect more direct speech than indirect speech, more
accusations and directives flying at each other," Schlegel said.

She said finger-pointing has a long history in American political debate when
the purpose is to make points in a response. But using the end of the index
finger to target the opponent may come off as too aggressive.

"There was a time when candidates interrupting one another might have seemed
rude," Schlegel said. "But in today's media culture with multiple hosts always
talking over one another, the interruption has become the norm.

"There is an art to (interruption) though, and some attempts to interrupt can
make a candidate come off as weak."

But what is the one movement that is deadly for any candidate?

"If you start seeing a candidate rocking back and forth, the message is that
they are having a difficult time containing themselves, or the debate has gone
beyond their degree of comfort; they are beginning to feel crowded in that
space, not usually a good sign," Schlegel said.

And if viewers aren't busy enough watching the candidates, they can watch the
audience for cues as to what is really going on.

"It takes a lot fewer muscles to smile, so if you are seeing people frowning or
looking stern, you know there is a lot of intense energy being expended in that
room," she said.

Check facts and fact-checkers

The most important part of the presidential debates may not be the debates at
all, said David Peshlar, a history teacher at Wilson High School.

"I think one of the biggest things is watching the post-debate analysis," he
said. "They give you fact-checking sites you can use to determine whether the
facts and statistics mentioned by the candidate are actually true.

"Candidates like to throw out percentages and it is important to know where they
are getting their information and how biased it is."

Peshlar said watching the post-debate coverage will enhance the information
voters take away from the debate itself, like positions on the economy, foreign
policy and the war in Afghanistan.

But don't just rely on your favorite source of news.

For example, Fox News is known to lean right and favor Republican Romney. MSNBC
is a left-leaning network whose pundits go easy on Obama, a Democrat.

"It's definitely important to check all the major news outlets," Peshlar said.
"It's important to get both sides, left and right."

If you are still undecided, Peshlar advises, arm yourself with information and
don't rely on someone else to make up your mind for you.

"The best way is to help yourself," he said.

Reporters Bruce Posten, Holly Herman, Dan Kelly, Mike Urban and David Mekeel
contributed to this story.

___ (c)2012 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121002-RE-What-to-look-for-in-1st-debate-1002-20121002

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2012 Reading Eagle


                              369 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Herald (Sharon, Pennslyvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 4, 2010 Friday

BRIEF: Supporters don't sway sentencing

BYLINE: Matt Snyder, The Herald, Sharon, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 151 words


Jun. 4--SHENANGO VALLEY -- A Shenango Valley man who fought with and injured
several Sharon police during an arrest in 2008 received the full-throated
support of his friends and family at his sentencing Thursday.

Kevin Washington, 52, who has lived in both Sharon and Farrell, was sentenced to
3 years, 3 months to 10 years in prison and is on the hook for another 5 years
from an Ohio case.

For the rest of the story, please click here to buy a digital copy of today's
Herald or read our print edition.

To see more of The Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sharon-herald.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Herald, Sharon, Pa.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100604-XS-BRF-Supporters-don-t-sway-sentencing-0604

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XS


                           Copyright 2010 The Herald


                              370 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             March 23, 1997, Sunday

TO HAVE ... AND HAVE NOT; Films made outside Hollywood litter the nominations
for the 1997Oscars, to be awarded in Los Angeles tomorrow night. But will a
historic bias towards local product hold sway? ill a historic bias towards local
product hold sway? ? Four of the nominees for Best Picture Oscars are either
foreignor 'independent' - which means far more economical, less beholden to big
money, and closer to being the work of uncompromised individuals

BYLINE: DAVID THOMSON

SECTION: ARTS; Page  12

LENGTH: 2575 words


The oddest thing about movies in 1996 has proved to be the way Hollywood
apparently listened to its toughest critics. As the year unwound, the big-name
studios were doing terrific business with product that few esteemed. Twister,
Mission:Impossible and Independence Day dominated the summer and shattered
records. But their technical excellence far surpassed their artistic merit. A
lot was written about the retreat of the business from making box-office
pictures that also won raves and Oscar nominations.  I'm thinking of a
mainstream that stretches from Gone With the Wind through Casablanca, The Best
Years of Our Lives, and All About Eve to The Apartment, the Sound of Music, The
Godfather and Schindler's List. All of those won Best Picture in their day and
filled theatres. Schindler's List played only a modest number of theatres,
maybe, but it has just had its American network TV debut (without commercials -
Ford sponsored the whole event, and never asked for so much as a red car on the
streets of Krakow) and an audience of 65 million.

But Hollywood needs to think well of itself: that's how American it is.  And its
dream has been to roll in money while winning cultural respect.  In a way,
that's why Oscars night holds such sway in America still: beyond the immediate
contest, profound myths about the pursuit of happiness are being affirmed.

Not this year. When the nominations were announced, early on the morning of 11
February, mainstream Hollywood was nearly shut out. Four of the Best Picture
nominees were either foreign or "independent" - which means far more economical,
less beholden to big money, and closer to being the work of uncompromised
individuals. Those pictures were Fargo, Secrets and Lies, Shine and The English
Patient. The one "Hollywood" film was Jerry Maguire. Similarly, in the top six
Oscar categories, independent and foreign outplayed mainstream by two to one.
The clearest proof of how the wind was blowing was The English Patient. The
adaptation of Michael Ondaatje's Booker Prize-sharing novel had been set up by
the independent producer, Saul Zaentz. But he had to deal with Twentieth
Century-Fox to raise the money, and the studio then backed off at the last
moment - allegedly because they wanted someone better known than Kristin Scott
Thomas in the female lead. At that point, the smaller, art-house distributor
Miramax stopped in (they are owned by Disney, but they operate in reasonable
freedom), and they have built the picture to 12 Oscar nominations and close to $
50 million at the box office. (The English Patient cost $ 30 million, which is
cheap for such an epic scale).

The nominations were encouragement for companies like Miramax, and for anyone
urging more adventure in American film-making. And those nominations were the
decision of 5,000 or so members of the Academy, all voting for their particular
arts and crafts. Still, the town was stung. Variety, the trade paper, responded
with a snooty article that estimated (rather mean-spiritedly, I thought, that
all the independent films together accounted for under five per cent of the
domestic box office. So there!

It is rather more likely that this hard wisdom will prevail than that a major
studio will want to remake Breaking the Waves. For the summer of 1997, Hollywood
is readying nearly a squadron of films that will cost over $ 100 million each
(Titanic; Men in Black; Speed 2; Alien Resurrection; The Lost World of Jurassic
Park; Batman and Robin; Starship Troopers).  One doubts that many of those will
be among next year's Oscars, though Alien Resurrection brings Sigourney Weaver
back to life. Hollywood has one more big-budget item that offers plenty of
embarrassment. Last year, Disney's Michael Eisner fired Mike Ovitz, former agent
supreme, as his number two after Ovitz had served 18 months. It had been a
mistake. Eisner said Ovitz had been a fish out of water. But the poor fish swam
away with a contract settlement (cash and stock) valued at well over $ 100
million.  Some Disney shareholders got angry at this, but nothing could disturb
the serene insanity with which the Hollywood club looks after its own greed.

All of this needs to be weighed in picking the Oscars this year. Hollywood is
pouting; it is resentful; it may strike back and stand by its own kind of guys.
That is why I have some doubts over Best Picture. The English Patient was
winning, until the nominations. It happens to be as good a picture as the
Nineties has produced; it is also that mix of epic and intimacy that Hollywood
has always cherished. What's more, Saul Zaentz is getting the Irving Thalberg
Award, the most prestigious of all the prizes, saved for people who regularly
make money and dignity seem like true brothers.

Zaentz has already won Best Picture twice before - for One Flew Over the
Cuckoo's Nest and Amadeus. In the history of Hollywood, only two other men have
won Best Picture three times - Darryl Zanuck, for How Green Was My Valley,
Gentleman's Agreement, and All About Eve; and Sam Spiegel, for On the
Waterfront, The Bridge Over The River Kwai, and Lawrence of Arabia. But suppose
that enough Academy members reckon they need to support home-grown product -
then Jerry Maguire could win Best Picture. As well as being big box office and
widely liked, Maguire is a very deft, funny and touching picture that tells a
story about how American successes can discover true love and moral purpose
along the way. It pleases everyone; it has Tom Cruise's best performance yet;
and it is the work of a real movie-maker, Cameron Crowe. It shouldn't win. It
could. I'll go for The English Patient just because it's in a different class.

That settled, Anthony Minghella should get two Oscars for Patient - for
directing and for adapted screenplay. In many respects, that second Oscar is the
most deserved. Ondaatje's book did not make any movie obvious or easy. Minghella
made changes and sacrifices (he cut all the scenes set in England, for
instance), and yet he found a movie. This took astonishing skill and it must
overwhelm the other contenders for adaptation (Arthur Miller for The Crucible;
Kenneth Branagh for Hamlet; John Hodge for Trainspotting; and Billy Bob Thornton
for Sling Blade).

Similarly, I pick Minghella for direction over Joel Coen for Fargo; Miles Forman
for The People vs Larry Flint; Mike Leigh for Secrets and Lies (surely this is
not as taut as the films he was making a few years ago); and Scott Hicks for
Shine. The latter is an intriguing case. When Shine opened in America, it rode a
huge wave of emotion. A lot of people tipped it as a big winner. That mood has
passed, in great part because of a disastrous concert tour in America by its
subject, David Helfgott, who proves to be a poor pianist and a nervous wreck.
Nothing matches the confidence and sweep of The English Patient.

Logically, therefore, I should go for Ralph Fiennes as Best Actor in a group
that includes Cruise in Jerry Maguire, Woody Harrelson as Larry Flynt, Geoffrey
Rush in Shine, and Billy Bob Thornton in Sling Blade.  Thornton's nomination is
a fond eccentric nod to a maverick. Geoffrey Rush's performance is a tour de
force, even if technically he is only a supporting actor (Helfgott is played at
different ages by three actors).  He could get an Oscar, just as he won the
Golden Globe. But that award came before the real Helfgott raised doubts about
this inspirational film. Harrelson is too monotonous as Flynt - and very few
want to see the real Flynt get any credit. And Fiennes? He doesn't quite seem to
need it - there's an aloofness in the actor that chills Hollywood. I think
Cruise will win: the mainstream sentiment can get behind a popular, still very
young actor (only 34) who also sustained Mission: Impossible this year.

For Best Actress, the nominations are Brenda Blethyn in Secrets and Lies; Diane
Keaton in Marvin's Room; Frances McDormand in Fargo, Kristin Scott Thomas in The
English Patient; and Emily Watson in Breaking the Waves.  (Clear proof of this
year's tendency away from "stars", for the Academy overlooked Madonna in Evita,
Debbie Reynolds in Mother and the truly deserving Courtney Love in The People vs
Larry Flynt). The choice here is between Blethyn and McDormand, I believe.
Watson is an outsider, Scott Thomas is touched by Fiennes's remoteness , and
Keaton is not forceful enough.  America has been much taken with Brenda Blethyn,
and few Academy members realise how far her performance comes out of Mike
Leigh's tendency to caricature. But I have a hunch for McDormand's steady, stoic
cop at the centre of Fargo (an esteemed film) and for the body of her work.

For supporting actor, we have Cuba Gooding Jr in Jerry Maguire; William H. Macy
in Fargo; Armin Mueller-Stahl in Shine; Edward Norton in Primal Fear; James
Woods in Ghosts of Mississippi. Norton's is by far the best performance - and he
did good work in Woody Allen's Everyone Says I Love You and as the lawyer in
Larry Flynt. So be it. No one, I think, can muster the will to prevent Cuba
Gooding Jr coming on stage with all his enormous charm, cocking his head,
winking at the camera and saying, "Show me the money!" That line from Jerry
Maguire has become an American catchphrase, for it has the perfect mix of ironic
distance and unalloyed desire. (There's a nice footnote in the way that Gooding
Jr - who plays a guy loyal to his agent in 'Maguire' - has since dumped his
small agent for big-time representation.)

There are four superb performances in the best supporting actress category -
Joan Allen in The Crucible, Juliette Binoche in The English Patient (exquisite
and closer to a complex portrait of goodness than anyone has come in decades);
Barbara Hershey, whose Madame Merle in The Portrait of a Lady would have won a
bow from Henry James; and Marianne Jean-Baptiste, who is the heart of Secrets
and Lies. I would happily give Oscars to any or all of them. I hate to have to
pick a winner.

There is no need: the Academy will honour the one conventional performance in
the group, Lauren Bacall's in The Mirror Has Two Faces. Old Hollywood will
strike again. Bacall has been around since 1944; she stands for Bogey, Hawks,
Huston, and for two eternal performances, in To Have and Have Not and The Big
Sleep, that she has never come close to matching. Truth to tell, she is not a
very good actress - when she was a kid she did everything without thinking; now
she thinks and the thinking is like underlining - and that shows in the Barbra
Streisand film. But it's a fancy part and Bacall, as they say, has paid her
dues.

In original screenplay, we have the Coen Brothers for Fargo; Cameron Crowe for
Jerry Maguire; John Sayles for Lone Star; Mike Leigh for Secrets and Lies; and
Scott Hicks for Shine. Here is the chance for Fargo - released early in the year
- to win an award. It's not just that the script is so dry and comic; it's that
Fargo is a subtle study of decency.

The totally realised depth of The English Patient makes it the outstanding
contender for many of the craft awards. For example, its art direction (Stuart
Craig) leaves the look of The Birdcage, Evita, Hamlet or Romeo and Juliet
seeming flashy or decorative. The feel for period in Patient is a labour of
love, even if the decor isn't fancy. I would also pick it for cinematography
(John Seale) over Evita, Fargo; Fly Away Home and Michael Collins. But its most
deserving winner would be Walter Murch for editing. The long-time collaborator
of Francis Coppola, Murch is a master- craftsman and a genius with sound.
Anthony Minghella has conceded how far Murch helped him discover the final form
and texture of The English Patient in post-production. Finally, the Oscar for
dramatic score should go to Gabriel Yared for The English Patient.

That's a lot of Oscars for one film (though I'm not giving any prizes to the
three nominated and deserving actors). Anything like this many awards will keep
The English Patient alive at the box office for a few months more - it has
opened in Britain only just in time for the Oscars.  That may help others follow
its example and show Saul Zaentz as a worthy holder of the Thalberg award.

Elsewhere, I think The Nutty Professor will win for make-up; When We Were Kings,
the Muhammad Ali story, may win best documentary. The Portrait of a Lady could
got one Oscar, for costumes. The foreign Oscar rests between the Czech Kolya and
the Russian Prisoner of the Mountains. There will also be an honorary Oscar for
the 77-year-old Michael Kidd, who did the choreography for The Band Wagon, It's
Always Fair Weather, Seven Brides for Seven Brothers and Guys and Dolls, among
others. Aged 80 later this year, but overlooked, is a man named Robert Mitchum
who once in his life, for The Story of GI Joe, got a supporting actor
nomination. And no more.  How long is a guy expected to hang around?

The Oscars ceremony will be broadcast live on BBC2 in the early hours of Tuesday
(2-6am). Highlights will be shown later in the day on BBC1 (10pm-12m't).

NOMINATIONS IN THE LEADING CATEGORIES

BEST PICTURE The English Patient; Fargo; Jerry Maguire; Secrets and Lies; Shine

ACTOR Tom Cruise, Jerry Maguire; Ralph Fiennes, The English Patient; Woody
Harrelson, The People vs Larry Flynt; Geoffrey Rush, Shine; Billy Bob Thornton,
Sling Blade

ACTRESS Brenda Blethyn, Secrets and Lies; Diane Keaton, Marvin's Room; Frances
McDormand, Fargo;

Kristin Scott Thomas, The English Patient; Emily Watson, Breaking the Waves

SUPPORTING ACTOR Cuba Gooding Jr, Jerry Maguire; William H. Macy, Fargo; Armin
Mueller- Stahl, Shine; Edward Norton, Primal Fear; James Woods, Ghosts of
Mississippi

SUPPORTING ACTRESS Joan Allen, The Crucible; Lauren Bacall, The Mirror Has Two
Faces; Juliette Binoche, The English Patient; Barbara Hershey, The Portrait of a
Lady; Marianne Jean-Baptiste, Secrets and Lies

DIRECTOR Anthony Minghella, The English Patient; Joel Coen, Fargo; Milos Forman,
The People versus Larry Flynt; Mike Leigh, Secrets and Lies; Scott Hicks, Shine

FOREIGN FILM A Chef in Love, Georgia; Kolya, Czech Republic; The Other Side of
Sunday, Norway; Prisoner of the Mountains, Russia; Ridicule, France

SCREENPLAY (written directly for the screen) Ethan Coen and Joel Coen, Fargo;
Cameron Crowe, Jerry Maguire; John Sayles, Lone Star; Mike Leigh, Secrets and
Lies; Jan Sardi andScott Hicks, Shine

SCREENPLAY (based on material previously produced or published) Arthur Miller,
The Crucible; Anthony Minghell, The English Patient; Kenneth Branagh, Hamlet;
Billy Bob Thornton, Sling Blade; John Hodge, Trainspotting

ART DIRECTOR The Birdcage; The English Patient; Evita; Hamlet; William
Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet.

CINEMATOGRAPHY The English Patient; Evita; Fargo; Fly Away Home; Michael Collins

ORIGINAL MUSICAL OR COMEDY SCORE Emma, Rachel Portman; The First Wives Club,
Marc Shaiman; The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Alan Menken and Stephen Schartz;
James and the Giant Peach, Randy Newman; The Preacher's Wife, Hans Zimmer

ORIGINAL DRAMATIC SCORE The English Patient, Gabriel Yared; Hamlet, Patrick
Doyle; Michael Collins, Elliott Goldenthal; Shine, David Hirschfelder; Sleepers,
John Williams

COSTUME Angels and Insects; Emma; The English Patient; Hamlet; The Portrait of a
Lady

FILM EDITING The English Patient; Evita; Fargo; Jerry Maguire; Shine.


LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Independent Print Ltd


                              371 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            January 21, 2007 Sunday

KMEL's still making radio history

BYLINE: Brad Kava, MEDIANEWS STAFF

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 926 words


Two decades ago, Huey Lewis & the News sang the National Anthem, and said
goodbye to rock station KMEL. A few minutes later, Billy Ocean sang "Caribbean
Queen," and launched a new generation of rhythmic dance music to the Bay Area on
what later became "the people's station, KMEL."

In an era when formats come and go, KMEL-FM (106.1) has hung on long enough to
have some serious history and to have been instrumental in breaking artists from
Mariah Carey to E-40. The station pioneered two-day-long Summer Jam concerts,
the first place that underground hip-hop went overground.

And its DJs and music directors have set styles across the country and around
the world, not the least of whom is Sway, the former Friday night and morning DJ
who is now MTV's arbiter of all things cool.

"This was one of those stations where everyone was welcome," says program
director Stacy Cunningham, who came from KMEL's Los Angeles sister station, the
Beat. "There were no color lines."

The station has been gathering a living history on its Web site, www.kmel.com,
where you can hear podcasts of interviews and performances from the past, or
write up your favorite KMEL memories.

In one segment, rapper E-40 remembers hearing himself played for the first time
on KMEL. In another, he and Too $hort recall meeting morning man Chuy Gomez and
being surprised at how short he was.

(An aside here: For years, radio treated the Web like it was the enemy. Mel
Karmazin, CBS's then-president, wouldn't let his stations stream or keep Web
sites current. Now they have come around big time, and KMEL's is a great example
of a site that gives what marketers call "value added.")

You can hear live history segments that will be updated over the year. One
Cunningham is looking forward to presenting is an interview with comedian Jim
Carrey, back when he was known as the white guy on "In Living Color."

The station is also gathering memories from listeners on a phone line,
415-538-5665.

Cunningham is hoping to revive the annual Summer Jam concert, which started as a
two-day show at Shoreline debuting scores of artists, including Paula Abdul,
Lisa Lisa, Maxwell and the former San Jose firefighter later known as Coolio.

The concert has had highs and lows, suspended a few years because of trouble
after the concerts. I can remember sitting with Bill Graham at Summer Jam in
1991, shortly before his death, and marveling at an audience that looked like
California's future. It was evenly mixed racially and was practically all under
20. With all the warnings in the '80s about rap and hip-hop's violent element,
Graham noted that the audience was like a new Woodstock nation and was much more
polite than a Guns N' Roses crowd.

KMEL always fought against tightly formatted programming with shows that brought
to mind the old days of "freeform" FM radio, when DJs played what they wanted.

The station simulcast its Summer Jam shows so people who couldn't afford
amphitheater prices could hear it for free. That's a progressive concept that
has fallen by the wayside in these days of making bigger bucks.

The Sway and King Tech show won awards from the Coalition for Eclectic Radio, a
group formed to foster new approaches to programming and to bring back the days
when disc jockeys, not marketing executives, decided what to play. Sway and Tech
brought in local talents to perform live and play the music they liked.

Its show "Westside Radio" featured famous rappers as DJs, including Ice-T, Ice
Cube, Kid Frost, the L.A. Dream Team, Rodney O and Joe Cooley.

One of my fondest memories was the November 1996 night when then-25-year-old
Snoop Dogg hosted the show, hours after being acquitted of a murder charge in
Los Angeles. He and his Dogg Pound had no worries about the law as they pulled
out a garbage bag of marijuana, passed around joints and played music for two
hours, waiting an awful long time to introduce themselves to the only white guy
sitting in the corner of the studio, taking notes. "How do they know I'm not an
undercover vice officer," I wondered.

But for Snoop, the night was a celebration of freedom and West Coast hip-hop,
and it gave him a chance to connect directly to his local audience for two
hours, with no other DJ in the house.

Who knew that the '90s would be remembered as freewheeling radio days, like when
KMEL competitor Mancow Muller hired a cherry picker crane and harassed KMEL's
morning show with a bullhorn. Now both stations are owned by Clear Channel
Communications, and they greet each other politely in the halls.

In 1995, Summer Jam had its low point, when the concert was cut short before its
headliner, the Isley Brothers, reached the stage after backstage threats and
gunplay by people associated with Too $hort and the Luniz.

The following year, Mountain View police had to review the station's musical
lineup before allowing the show to be booked.

The station will be making some big announcements through the year, including a
big February soul show at Ruby Skye with Fantasia, Tyrese, J. Valentine and Joe.

FALL RATINGS: The new ratings book is in, for the Fall season.

KMEL is No. 4 with listeners older than 12 for all of the Bay Area. Above it
are, from top down, KGO, KOIT and KCBS, followed by KSOL, KSFO, KBLX, KYLD, and
rounding out the top 10, KDFC. For the record, that's news/talk, easy listening,
news, hip-hop, regional Mexican, conservative talk, soul, hip-hop and classical.
Although the figures aren't released for public radio, KQED usually falls within
the top five.

Contact Brad Kava of the San Jose Mercury News at bkava@mercurynews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             August 12, 2013 Monday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

With one click, Bezos adds influence on Capitol Hill to Amazon's cart

BYLINE: SIMON DUKE

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 882  words


THREE years ago the billionaire founder of Amazon made one of the shrewdest
investments of his garlanded career.

Faced with the spectre of a higher tax bill in his home state of Washington,
Jeff Bezos fought back in the time-honoured American way. He used his wealth to
sway the political process.

With Mr Bezos's $US100,000 donation, a campaign to quash a new income tax on the
state's affluent residents won the day. The tycoon avoided a big hit to his
$US25 billion ($27bn) fortune. Legislators, meanwhile, were forced to cut deeper
into school and hospital budgets to tame a gargantuan deficit.

The 2010 skirmish in the Pacific Northwest was just the latest in a decade-long
battle that has pitched the online retail giant against legislators across the
US and beyond. Buying influence with Washington has become an increasingly
important weapon in this struggle.

Last week Mr Bezos made what some observers see as the ultimate power play as he
sought to have his views heard by policymakers on Capitol Hill. In a move that
shocked the US's media industry and political classes, he splashed out $US250m
on The Washington Post, the newspaper that broke the Watergate story in the
1970s but has since fallen on hard times.

Mr Bezos has bought the title with his own money, not Amazon's, and pledged to
preserve its editorial independence. Nevertheless, the takeover gives him what
critics call a ``bully pulpit'' in the corridors of power as Amazon exerts a
tighter grip on the world's largest e-commerce market.

Amazon is already one of the biggest spenders on political lobbying among its
technology peers. Between January and June it spent $US1.7m on lobbyists and it
has two former senators on its payroll, said the Centre for Responsive Politics.
The company tried to sway many issues, from the government's plan to impose a
US-wide tax on internet sales through to web privacy, patents and
cyber-security, Senate filings show. Its desire to woo legislators has grown in
step with its heady rise.

In 2000, when it began courting Capitol Hill, Amazon spent just $US246,000 on
lobbying. The bulk of the millions it has spent in the ensuing 13 years has been
ploughed into its efforts to torpedo a tax on all internet sales in the US.

Under a long-standing loophole in US law, websites and mail-order retailers are
not obliged to collect local sales taxes in states where they do not have a
substantial physical presence. So a virtual retailer in Nevada would be able to
sell goods to residents of California without incurring the tax.

Mr Bezos, a former hedge fund trader, was alive to this anomaly when he set up
Amazon in the mid-1990s. After considering basing the company on an Indian
reservation near San Francisco -- an idea stymied by regulators -- he alighted
on Washington state.

``Physical location,'' Mr Bezos said in an interview at the time, was ``very
important for the success of a virtual business''. Because Amazon would have to
charge customers in any state where it had offices, ``it made no sense for us to
be in California or New York'', he added.

Amazon's groundbreaking click-and-buy technology and exemplary customer service
are the bedrock of its online dominance. But the ability to offer goods free of
the 5 per cent-10 per cent sales tax in most US states has conferred a pivotal
cost advantage on the internet company.

It is a benefit that Mr Bezos has fought hard to maintain in the face of
mounting complaints from rivals. His tactics have often been brutal. When Texas
tried to claim back taxes totalling $US269m in 2010, Amazon closed down a Dallas
distribution centre and sacked 119 workers. Its overseas trouble includes a
$US252m tax demand from Parisian authorities.

The tide, however, appears to have turned. The US government is pushing through
a universal internet sales tax -- a policy Mr Bezos now supports. It was not
only a change in the prevailing wind that forced the U-turn. Amazon has been
opening new distribution centres all over the US to provide overnight and even
same-day deliveries to customers, heralding a possible move into groceries.
Because of this expansion it would have had to start collecting sales taxes in
all US states, regardless of whether the rules on internet sales were changed.

Amazon's imperial advance underlines its desire to become the 21st-century
Walmart -- though these stratospheric ambitions mean it is likely to come under
greater scrutiny from regulators, as have Microsoft and Google.

Owning the Post would provide a prominent platform to disseminate Mr Bezos's
libertarian world view, if he chose to do so. For the time being, though, he is
likely to use his new acquisition to promote Amazon's interests.

``The values of the Post do not need changing,'' he wrote in a letter to staff.
``The paper's duty will remain to its readers and not to the private interests
of its owners.''

However, some analysts said owning the local paper in the US capital would at
the very least turn Mr Bezos into a power broker.

The takeover of the Post ``looks to be an investment that is more about power
than money'', said Kathy Kiely of the Sunlight Foundation, a Washington think
tank. She added: ``For someone with his amount of cash he has a low political
profile at this point but this certainly gives him a bully pulpit.''

MEDIA P23

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                          September 10, 2011 Saturday
                            All but Ontario Edition

Earthquake strikes off Vancouver Island; No damage

BYLINE: Bradley Bouzane, Kelly Sinoski And Gordon Hoekstra, Postmedia News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 519  words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


VANCOUVER - A magnitude 6.4 earthquake struck off the coast of Vancouver Island
on Friday afternoon, causing buildings to sway as far away as downtown
Vancouver.

While no tsunami warning was triggered by the quake, a geophysicist with the
U.S. Geological Survey said many B.C. regions experienced tremors.

"It's been felt pretty widely -- we have reports of it being felt in Vancouver,
Victoria and even in Seattle," said Paul Caruso. "In the north, it's been felt
as far as Port Hardy.

"We don't have any reports of damage yet, but we would probably expect to see
some damage -- especially for anybody living on the central-west coast of
Vancouver Island."

The earthquake, which occurred just after 12:40 p.m. local time, was centred
about 280 kilometres west of Vancouver and about 25 kilometres beneath the
seabed.

Mr Caruso said people in Campbell River, on Vancouver Island, likely would have
felt the quake also because it was centred about 135 kilometres west of that
city.

No tsunami warning was issued, he said, because "the magnitude of the quake
isn't big enough to generate a tsunami by itself." Regardless, he said, some
residents will be directly affected by the earthquake.

"People might experience -- if they're near the epicentre on the west coast of
the island -- they might have some damage, with things falling off shelves and
cracked foundations," Mr. Caruso said. "As far as the mainland, we would
probably expect to see very minor damage. People would probably see their
chandeliers swinging back and forth and feeling a little bit of shaking."

There were no immediate signs of damage in downtown Vancouver, although lights
swayed for a half-minute when the quake struck.

The earthquake shook buildings in the tiny Vancouver Island community of
Zeballos, but there appeared to be no damage and there were no injuries. The
power went down but came back quickly, said Arlene Coburn, a 38-year resident of
the remote West Coast community.

Ms. Coburn was at the school when the earthquake hit. She said it felt like the
whole building was going to topple over, but nothing fell off the walls. "One
big one, and a little tremor, and that was it," she said. "It gave [the school]
a good sway."

The 60 or so children who attend the Zeballos Elementary Secondary School were
ushered out and across a bridge, a measure used when there's a threat of a
tsunami, said Ms. Coburn, a part-time janitor at the school.

Brent Ward, a professor in Simon Fraser University's Department of Earth
Sciences, said people were more likely to feel the quake if they were in tall
buildings because of the sway. He said it was one of the biggest quakes
experienced on the West Coast.

"Six point seven [the quake's originally estimated magnitude] is nothing to
sneeze at," he said. "You think of the earthquake in Haiti and it was about the
same, but it was shallow."

He said the quake likely originated in stress built up due to the oceanic Juan
de Fuca plate subducting under the North American plate.

The quake created a slight rattling as far away as Seattle, Wash., but police in
the U.S. city said there were no reports of damage.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            November 8, 1988 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

HOMEMAKER BARBARA ESCHEWS PERSONAL POWER;
THE WOMAN WHO WOULD BE FIRST LADY

BYLINE: Source: Reuter

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 540 words


Barbara Bush is a genial, down-to-earth woman who says she is more interested in
running a household than in helping her husband run the country

"I don't fool around with his office and he doesn't fool around with my
household," the 63-year-old wife of the Republican presidential candidate,
George Bush, is fond of saying.

Speculation on the political influence exerted by US presidents' wives has
become a popular pastime in recent years, with such powerful personalities as
Nancy Reagan holding sway. But Mrs Bush, the mother of six and grandmother of
10, discourages such talk in her case.

"First of all, I'd hope to be the wife and mother I've always been," she said in
written replies to questions.

That seems consistent with what friends say.

Mr Jack Steel, a Bush aide who has known the couple for 27 years, said: "She'll
speak her mind, but only to him. And she won't try to sway him, because she
thinks George Bush got where he is because of what he is."

This is not to say that Barbara Bush is a timid soul without strong views or, on
occasion, a tart tongue.

"Her fingernails will get a little sharp if she thinks people are not treating
George right," says a family friend, Mr George Strake.

Her fierce protectiveness towards her husband - a trait she shares with Mrs
Reagan - has occasionally led Mrs Bush into controversy. The most notable
example came during the 1984 Reagan-Bush re-election campaign when she described
Geraldine Ferraro, the Democratic vice-presidential nominee, as a"$4 million ...
I can't say it, but it rhymes with 'rich'."

Mrs Bush refuses to discuss publicly her views on controversial topics such as
abortion, an issue on which she differed in the past from her husband's strong
opposition. She has said she owes him her silence out of loyalty.

A year younger than her husband of 43 years, Mrs Bush met the young George at a
Christmas party when she was 17 - they both came from wealthy families living
near New York - and says he swept her off her feet.

She was born Barbara Pierce in Rye, New York, on June 8, 1925. Her father was
Marvin Pierce, the publisher of McCall's magazine.

She attended Smith College, one of the most highly regarded women's institutions
in the US, but dropped out during her second year to marry Mr Bush on January 6,
1945.

He was then a decorated navy pilot home on leave from World War II duty in the
Pacific.

Since their marriage, Mrs Bush has set up households in 17 cities as her husband
moved from being a Texas oilman to being a member of Congress, Republican Party
leader, envoy to China and the UN and head of the CIA.

An avid campaigner, Mrs Bush does have a few pet causes she says she would
promote as First Lady, among them the fight against illiteracy.

"I would continue to work for a more literate America and I would like to
broaden my focus to our nation's children," she said.

Her interest in literacy problems was sparked by the discovery that her son Neil
was dyslexic.

She works with groups promoting reading skills and also supports efforts to find
cures for cancer, a quest that began with the death of her daughter Robin from
leukaemia at the age of three.

The surviving Bush children are George jun, 42; Jeb, 35; Neil, 33; Marvin, 31
and Dorothy, 29. All are married.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing: Mrs BUSH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1988 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 25, 1993 Thursday

SOCIAL STUDIES   A DAILY MISCELLANY OF INFORMATION BY MICHAEL KESTERTON
Reaching for the top

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 530 words


To ease crowding in Japan, a pair of construction companies have
unveiled plans for a 200-storey skyscraper they believe could be built in
seven years. The DIB-200, which would be the world's tallest building, is
designed in stacks of 50-storey units. Notes about tall buildings:
 The term "skyscraper" was used in the United States as far back as the
1840s, to describe a tall tale, a tall person - or a building that was
four storeys high. Greater heights depended on the development of a safe
elevator and the refinement of the Bessemer process for steel-making.

In Roman times, architects designed five-storey high-rises with stores at
ground level and apartments above. However, the first modern building to
be designated a skyscraper and constructed with an all-steel skeleton was
a Chicago insurance building finished in 1885. (In 1891, Chicago
architects built an all-masonry, 16-storey skyscraper, the Monadnock
Building. It was tapered, and required foundation walls six feet thick.)
 Skyscrapers are the physical hallmark of New York. In 1930, the city's
Chrysler Building became the world's first structure taller than the
Eiffel Tower. The next year, the Empire State Building topped the 1,046-
foot Chrysler high-rise by four feet.
 It's a myth that skyscrapers sway eight feet in the wind, that occupants
get seasick or that whitecaps can be observed in high-rise toilet bowls,
says The Dictionary of Misinformation. No high-rise moves more than a few
inches. The 110-storey Sears Tower in Chicago, the world's tallest
skyscraper, is 1,454 feet tall and designed to withstand a wind expected
once every 10,000 years - when it would move three feet. Problems with
weatherstripping and swaying chandeliers may create the illusion of
greater movement. (Toronto's First Canadian Place tower, the 17th-tallest
skyscraper in the world, sways as much as 26 inches at its top in a high
wind, says Canadian Geographic.)
 A skyscraper's population can be as big as that of a small city. Its
height can cause a variety of headaches for designers, safety experts and
occupants. For instance, one reason for Japan's DIB-200 to be designed in
50-storey stacks is that "when you're descending, 100 storeys is about the
maximum (an elevator passenger) can cope with in one go, because of the
change in air pressure," said Lynn Beedle, director of the Council on Tall
Buildings, based in Pennsylvania.
 A 70-storey skyscraper at 40 Wall St. in New York - it was the world's
tallest for a few months in 1929 - is now the world's emptiest, says The
Associated Press; 80 per cent of its million square feet is vacant. (The
structure was half-empty during the Great Depression, when it limped along
for a decade before falling into foreclosure.) "We know what to do with an
old house," says architect Joseph Lombardi, "but what do we do with an old
skyscraper?"
 Sources: a two-foot stack of reference books, Globe files, news services.

Right stuff for the top?

Whither, voyager?

Thoughts du jour

"To do great things is difficult, but to command great things is more
difficult." - German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche.   "Most of the trouble in
the world is caused by people wanting to be  important." - Poet T. S. Eliot.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1993 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                          September 24, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Balsillie willing to wait to move Coyotes

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. F2

LENGTH: 277  words


Canadian billionaire Jim Balsillie agreed on Wednesday to keep the Phoenix
Coyotes in Arizona for this season, should his bid be accepted to purchase the
bankrupt NHLteam.

During a Wednesday morning hearing in a Phoenix courtroom, a lawyer for
Balsillie told Judge Redfield T. Baum that he'd be willing to wait to move the
franchise at the Olympic break in February, or keep it there for the entire
season if necessary.

"In order to get this done, we would be willing to just say this team would stay
here this year," Jeffrey Kessler said. "We will wait to see if there's going to
be a Glendale buyer by the end of December. If there's not, then we would move
the team thereafter."

Wednesday's hearing was held at the request of Coyotes owner Jerry Moyes, in an
effort to sway Baum into sending the case to mediation to solve some of the
contentious sale issues.

The hearing went more than an hour despite Baum's initial call for it to last no
more than 30 minutes,

Kessler also said that Balsillie is willing to give the City of Glendale $25
million US no matter what happens, and another $25 million if he takes control
of the franchise and moves it to Hamilton.

The City of Glendale, the NHL and the major creditors involved in the bankruptcy
are against mediation, while Balsillie is hoping his concessions will sway Baum.
The judge, however, declined to rule immediately on the mediation request.

"I do have a very strong sense that you all are not going to reach a consensual
agreement on this on your own," Baum said.

The league has stated that mediation would delay the sale process, which will
hurt potential ticket sales and the staff who work for the Coyotes.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Jim Balsillie ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

'Locker room' talk sways few opinions;
Female voters are disgusted by the 2005 comments, but many don't support Clinton

BYLINE: Kathleen Ronayne The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 397 words

DATELINE: MANCHESTER, N.H.


Female voters in swing states are expressing deep disgust about Republican
presidential nominee Donald Trump's assertion that a 2005 videotape featuring
him talking about groping women amounted to "locker-room banter" and not sexual
assault.

But interviews with several dozen on Monday show Trump's latest actions,
including bringing women who have accused former president Bill Clinton of
sexual harassment or rape to Sunday's debate, did little to sway their opinions.

Many Republicans and independents said they already weren't going to support
Trump, but weren't convinced to vote for Hillary Clinton. Some said they
wouldn't vote at all or would choose Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson.

"It didn't surprise me that it came from him. It makes it even more shameful
that there's a possibility that he would represent the United States," said
Chris O'Rourke, a New Hampshire voter who doesn't identify with a political
party. But, she added, "I'm not a fan of the Clintons ... I don't know if I'm
going to vote."

In the video released Friday, Trump is heard saying he can grab, kiss and "do
anything" with women because he is famous. On Sunday he denied that he's ever
grabbed women without their consent and again characterized the comments as
"locker-room talk."

Before the debate, he met with three women who have accused Bill Clinton of
harassment or rape. The former president never faced criminal charges in
relation to the allegations and a lawsuit over an alleged rape was dismissed. He
did settle a lawsuit with one of the women who claimed harassment.

Trump was already struggling with women voters, while Clinton is looking to run
up her margins with them to make up for her challenges among men. Among
registered voters, women were more likely than men to say they'd be afraid if
Trump were elected, 60 per cent to 52 per cent, according to a recent Associated
Press-GfK poll released before the tape of Trump came to light.

And 51 per cent of women said they planned to vote for Clinton compared to 34
per cent for Trump.

Marie Cote, of New Hampshire, is one voter who said the tape did sway her vote.
Cote, 60, said she was on the fence about voting for Trump because she sees him
as a "go-getter." But she has five daughters, and Trump's comments about
grabbing and kissing women disturbed her.

"It concerns me about what their future will be like if he's president," she
said.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              378 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            February 22, 2008 Friday

Felt it or not ...

BYLINE: Compiled by Lynn Arave

LENGTH: 416 words


Comments from readers to the Deseret Morning News Web site about Thursday
morning's earthquake in Wells, Nev.:

I felt that and saw items on a small table sway back and forth. It wasn't much,
but enough to make me notice and wonder if there was a quake. I live on the west
bench of Salt Lake Valley. -- MC

We felt the earthquake in Burley, Idaho. It shook us awake and lasted for less
than 10 seconds. -- Jared

I didn't feel a thing in Park City. -- Kevin

We felt it in Delta, Utah. Then we felt additional one about 20 minutes later.
--Brian

I was wheeling the trash out to the curb at the time it hit, I didn't notice
anything. -- Lehi

I felt it too ... I live in Heyburn, Idaho. Quite strong. -- Gary

I live in Carlin, Nev. It was pretty good here. It made the house shake and my
chimes go off in the house and also made some things fall of my hutch. -- Karin

I was in bed this morning and thought someone was moving my bed a couple of
times to wake me up ... I am in West Jordan. -- SD

I felt it for about 40 seconds this morning. I am staying in a hotel in Elko and
items fell off my nightstand. It felt as if the whole building was swaying back
and forth. -- Rob.

I am in California (Northern) as I was getting ready this morning I thought I
felt a strange sway around the same time. We also have property in Elko County.
-- Stacy

I work in West Valley and we felt it here. The whole building shook and the
plants and window blinds were swaying/jiggling. -- Michelle

I was sitting right here at my desk in Draper ... Didn't feel a thing. It's
really fascinating to me to see how strong it was in some places, and nothing at
all in others not too far away. Felt in West Jordan, but not in South Jordan?
That's really weird. -- Kia

I was at a stop light at 3200 West just coming off 2100 South. My car was
rocking and I thought something was wrong with it (I've been having some other
car issues this week). I was surprised to hear it was an earthquake when I got
to work. -- Lynn

I'm so disappointed, I didn't feel a thing. I live in Farmington. -- Josie

We were up and alert in Orem at the time and felt nothing at all. -- Robert

Felt it good. I was on my computer at 7:18 am at home and everything started
swaying. I thought maybe I was getting dizzy, but then I noticed the blind cords
swaying side to side several inches and I knew it was an earthquake. -- Rob

We were in a Board Meeting on the 6th floor of a downtown SLC building. It
caused a pause in the meeting as the building gently swayed. -- David

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              379 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            November 10, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

HAGGARD AND HYPOCRISY

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 472 words


Last week, Ted Haggard -- a leading religious adviser to President Bush, a
married father of five and an outspoken opponent of homosexuality and gay
marriage -- was forced to resign as pastor of a 14,000-member Colorado church
and president of the 30 million-member National Association of Evangelicals
after admitting that he had for years bought illegal drugs and had sex with a
man.

Two days after Haggard was removed because he "demonstrated immoral conduct,"
President Bush resumed his own politically immoral conduct. Campaigning in
Haggard's home state, President Bush urged Colorado voters to reelect a
Republican congresswoman who "has worked to prevent the institution of marriage
from being redefined by activist judges." In fact, Mr. Bush redefined marriage
as a political issue, spurred on not by so-called "activist judges" but by such
hypocrites as Haggard.

Last year, Harper's Magazine wrote of Haggard meeting with the president or his
advisers each Monday: "No pastor in America holds more sway over the political
direction of evangelicalism than does Pastor Ted." And no president or party has
given extreme evangelicalism greater political sway than President Bush and the
GOP.

So, it is no surprise that the political-minded Haggard initially tried The
Hastert Defense. Recall that in response to Mark Foley's resignation from
Congress on Sept. 29 over sexually explicit e-mails to underage male pages,
House Speaker Dennis Hastert, R-Ill., first denied knowing anything about the
e-mails, then acknowledged knowing about only some of them.

Similarly, Haggard first denied knowing the Denver man who said Haggard's
hypocrisy prompted him to go public about their sexual trysts. Later, Haggard
said, "Yeah, I did call him" -- for a massage, not sex. And of his purchase of
methamphetamine: "I was tempted, I bought it, but I never used it."

As Haggard's mentor and now the lead investigator at his former church told The
Rocky Mountain News, "...When we began to interview him, we began to realize
he's not in touch with truth and reality." Neither are many of the GOP leaders
who have used a "traditional values" agenda to draw votes from religious
conservatives. On Tuesday, seven more states approved bans on gay marriage, but
the votes were closer, and Arizona rejected such a ban. Also, a number of
"values" voters rejected Republicans because of GOP corruption in Washington.

Haggard's homosexuality and infidelity -- and even plans for his exorcism of
sorts by "godly men" -- would be a matter between him and his wife and his
children were he not the leader of America's largest evangelical organization
and the architect of the gay-marriage ban that was on Tuesday's ballot in
Colorado. Because of his political agenda and the Republican Party's pandering
to homophobia, Haggard's hypocrisy matters to the nation.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 THE AUSTRALIAN

                            December 16, 2005 Friday
                           All-round Country Edition

US to spend $400m to win back some friends

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 291  words


WASHINGTON: The US military is to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to sway
international opinion of the US war on terrorism, through messages placed in
foreign media outlets.

Run by psychological warfare experts at the US Special Operations Command, the
$US300 million ($397million) campaign is being designed to counter terrorist
ideology and sway foreign audiences to support US policies.

The US military wants to fight the information war against al-Qa'ida through
newspapers, websites, radio, TV and ''novelty items'', such as T-shirts and
bumper stickers.

Pentagon spokesman Lawrence DiRita said the aim was to ''provide factual,
truthful information with some degree of transparency''.

He would not say whether the psychological warfare experts in charge had been
authorised to place messages in foreign media without disclosing the US
Government as their source.

But USA Today quoted the deputy director of the Joint Psychological Operations
Support Element, Mark Furlong, as saying the source of the material would not
always be identified.

''While the product may not carry the label 'Made in the USA', we will respond
truthfully if asked'' by journalists, he said.

The latest disclosure comes amid an investigation of a military ''information
operations'' campaign in Iraq that reportedly planted hundreds of favourable
stories in Iraqi media outlets without disclosing their source.

Mr DiRita said the US Special Operations Command had been granted authority to
wage the campaign but was still planning how to carry it out.

''We're in an environment where public information is being thrown out there in
countries all around the world that say untruthful, inaccurate, harmful things
about the United States (and the) war on terror,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

AFP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            January 26, 2007 Friday

Long-running KMEL helped launch Carey, hip-hop

BYLINE: By Brad Kava, MEDIANEWS STAFF

SECTION: BAY AREA LIVING; Music

LENGTH: 860 words


TWO DECADES AGO, Huey Lewis and the News sang the National Anthem, and said
goodbye to rock station KMEL. A few minutes later, Billy Ocean sang "Caribbean
Queen," and launched a new generation of rhythmic dance music to the Bay Area on
what later became "the people's station, KMEL."

In an era when formats come and go, KMEL-FM (106.1) has hung on long enough to
have some serious history and to have been instrumental in breaking artists from
Mariah Carey to E-40. The station pioneered two-day long "Summer Jam" concerts,
the first place that underground hip-hop went overground.

And its DJs and music directors have set styles across the country and around
the world, not the least of whom is Sway, the former Friday night and morning DJ
who is now MTV's arbitor of all things cool.

"This was one of those stations where everyone was welcome," says program
director Stacy Cunningham, who came from KMEL's Los Angeles sister station, The
Beat. "There were no color lines."

The station has been gathering a living history on its Web site,
http://kmel.com, where you can hear podcasts of interviews and performances from
the past, or write up your favorite KMEL memories.

In one segment, rapper E-40 remembers hearing himself played for the first time
on KMEL. In another, he and Too Short, recall meeting morning man Chuy Gomez and
being surprised at how short he was.

(An aside here: For years radio treated the Web like it was the Enemy. Mel
Karmazin, CBS' then-president, wouldn't let his stations stream or keep Web
sites current. Now they have come around big-time and KMEL's is a great example
of a site that gives what marketers call "value added.")

You can hear live history segments that will be updated over the year. One that
Cunningham is looking forward to presenting is an interview with comedian Jim
Carrey, back when he was known as the white guy on "In Living Color."

The station is also gathering memories from listeners on a phone line, (415)
538-5665.

Cunningham is hoping to revive the annual "Summer Jam" concert, which started as
a two-day show at Shoreline debuting scores of artists, including Paula Abdul,
Lisa Lisa, Maxwell and the former San Jose firefighter later known as Coolio.

The concert has had highs and lows, suspended a few years because of trouble
after the concerts.

I can remember sitting with Bill Graham at Summer Jam in 1991, shortly before
his death, and marveling at an audience that looked like California's future. It
was evenly mixed racially, and was practically all under 20. With all the
warnings in the'80s about rap's and hip-hop's violent element, Graham noted that
the audience was like a new Woodstock nation, and was much more polite than a
Guns N' Roses crowd.

KMEL always fought against tightly formatted programming with shows that brought
to mind the old days of "freeform" FM radio, when DJ's played what they wanted
(and in some cases, what the record companies plied them with drugs to play).

The station simulcast its Summer Jam shows so people who couldn't afford
amphitheater prices could hear it for free. That's a progressive concept that
has fallen by the wayside in these days of making bigger bucks.

The Sway and King Tech show won awards from the Coalition for Eclectic Radio, a
group formed to foster new approaches to programming and to bring back the days
when disc jockeys, not marketing executives, decided what to play. Sway and Tech
brought in local talents to perform live and play the music they liked.

Its show "Westside Radio" featured famous rappers as DJs including Ice-T, Ice
Cube, Kid Frost, the L.A. Dream Team, Rodney O and Joe Cooley.

One of my fondest memories was the November 1996 night when then 25-year-old
Snoop Dogg hosted the show, hours after being acquited of a murder charge in Los
Angeles. He and his Dogg Pound had no worries about the law as they pulled out a
garbage bag of marijuana, passed around joints and played music for two hours,
waiting an awful long time to introduce themselves to the only white guy sitting
in the corner of the studio, taking notes. "How do they know I'm not an
undercover vice officer," I wondered.

But for Snoop, the night was a celebration of freedom and West Coast hip-hop,
and gave him a chance to connect directly to his local audience for two hours,
with no other DJ in the house.

Who knew that the'90s would be remembered as freewheeling radio days, like when
KMEL competitor Mancow Muller hired a cherry picker crane and harrassed KMEL's
morning show with a bullhorn. Now both stations are owned by Clear Channel
Communications and they greet each other politely in the halls.

In 1995, Summer Jam had its low point, when the concert was cut short before its
headliner, the Isley Brothers, reached the stage after backstage threats and
gunplay by people associated with Too Short and the Luniz.

The following year, Mountain View police had to review the station's musical
lineup before allowing the show to be booked.

The station will be making some big announcements through the year, including a
big February soul show at Ruby Skye with Fantasia, Tyrese, J. Valentine and Joe.

Reach Brad Kava at bkava@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5040.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                          September 24, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Balsillie would keep Coyotes in Phoenix for this season

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 279  words


Canadian billionaire Jim Balsillie agreed on Wednesday to keep the Phoenix
Coyotes in Arizona for this season, should his bid be accepted to purchase the
bankrupt NHL team.

During a Wednesday morning hearing in a Phoenix courtroom, a lawyer for
Balsillie told Judge Redfield T. Baum that Balsillie would be willing to wait to
move the franchise at the Olympic break in February, or keep it there for the
entire season, if necessary.

"In order to get this done, we would be willing to just say this team would stay
here this year," Jeffrey Kessler said. "We will wait to see if there's going to
be a Glendale buyer by the end of December. If there's not, then we would move
the team thereafter."

Wednesday's hearing was held at the request of Coyotes owner Jerry Moyes, in an
effort to sway Baum into sending the case to mediation to solve some of the
contentious sale issues. The hearing went more than an hour despite Baum's
initial call for it to last no more than 30 minutes,

Kessler also said Balsillie is willing to give the City of Glendale $25 million
U.S. no matter what happens, and another $25 million if he took control of the
franchise and was allowed to move it.

The City of Glendale, the NHL and the major creditors involved in the bankruptcy
are against mediation, while Balsillie hopes his concessions will sway Baum. The
judge, however, declined to rule immediately on the mediation request.

"I do have a very strong sense that you all are not going to reach a consensual
agreement on this on your own," Baum said.

Balsillie's concessions did little to change the NHL's view. "This is nothing
more than a desperate attempt to delay things," said NHL lawyer Alan Meda.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           January 17, 2007 Wednesday

Kava: For 20 years, KMEL has been king of the hip-hop hill

BYLINE: Brad Kava, Mercury News

SECTION: AE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 969 words


Two decades ago, KMEL played the national anthem by Huey Lewis and the Newsto
bid goodbye to its rock station history. A few minutes later, Billy Ocean'ssong
``Caribbean Queen'' launched a new generation of rhythmic dance music in the Bay
Area on what later became ``the people's station, KMEL.''

In an era when formats come and go, KMEL-FM (106.1) has hung on long enough to
have some serious history and to have been instrumental in introducing listeners
to artists from Mariah Careyto E-40. The station pioneered two-day-long ``Summer
Jam'' concerts, the first place that underground hip-hop went above ground.

And its DJs and music directors have set styles across the country and around
the world. A good example is Sway, the former Friday night and morning DJ who is
now MTV's arbiter of all things cool.

``This was one of those stations where everyone was welcome,'' says program
director Stacy Cunningham, who came from KMEL's former Los Angeles sister
station, the Beat (KKBT). ``There were no color lines.''

The station has been gathering a living history on its Web site,
http://kmel.com, where you can hear podcasts of interviews and performances from
the past or write about your favorite KMEL memories.

In one segment, rapper E-40 remembers hearing himself played for the first time
on KMEL. In another, he and Too Short recall meeting morning man Chuy Gomez and
being surprised at how short he was.

(An aside here: Until recently, radio treated the Web as the enemy. Mel Karmazin
, CBS's former president, wouldn't let his stations stream or keep Web sites
current. Now they have come around big-time, and KMEL's site is a great example
of a site that gives what marketers call ``value added.'')

You can hear live history segments that will be updated over the year. One that
Cunningham is looking forward to presenting is an interview with comedian Jim
Carrey, back when he was known as the white guy on ``In Living Color.''

The station also is gathering memories from listeners on a phone line, (415)
538-5665.

Cunningham hopes to revive the annual ``Summer Jam'' concert, last held in 2005.
It started as a two-day show at Shoreline Amphitheatre debuting scores of
artists, including Paula Abdul,Lisa Lisa,Maxwell and the former San Jose
firefighter later known as Coolio.

The event has had highs and lows, and was suspended a few years because of
trouble after the concerts.

I can remember sitting with Bill Grahamat Summer Jam in 1991, shortly before his
death, and marveling at an audience that looked like California's future. It was
evenly mixed racially, and it was practically all under 20. With all the
warnings in the '80s about rap's and hip-hop's violent element, Graham noted
that the audience was like a new Woodstock nation, and was much more polite than
a Guns N' Rosescrowd.

KMEL always fought against tightly formatted programming with shows that brought
to mind the old days of ``free-form'' FM radio, when DJs played what they wanted
to play (and in some cases, what the record companies plied them with drugs to
play).

The station simulcast its Summer Jam shows so people who couldn't afford
amphitheater prices could hear them for free. That progressive concept has
fallen by the wayside in these days of making bigger bucks.

The Sway and King Tech show won awards from the Coalition for Eclectic Radio, a
group formed to foster new approaches to programming. Sway and Tech brought in
local talents to perform live and play the music they liked.

Its show ``Westside Radio'' featured famous rappers as DJs, including Ice-T,Ice
Cube,Kid Frost, the L.A. Dream Team,Rodney Oand Joe Cooley.

One of my fondest memories was the November 1996 night when then 25-year-old
Snoop Dogghosted the show, hours after being acquitted of a murder charge in Los
Angeles. He and his Dogg Pound had no worries about the law, as they pulled out
a garbage bag of marijuana, passed around joints and played music for two hours,
waiting an awful long time to introduce themselves to the only white guy sitting
in the corner of the studio, taking notes. ``How do they know I'm not an
undercover vice officer,'' I wondered.

But for Snoop, the night was a celebration of freedom and West Coast hip-hop,
and it gave him a chance to connect directly to his local audience for two
hours, with no other DJ in the house.

Who knew that the '90s would be remembered as freewheeling radio days, like when
KMEL competitor Mancow Mullerhired a crane and harassed KMEL's morning show with
a bullhorn. Now both stations are owned by Clear Channel Communications, and
their employees greet each other politely in the halls.

In 1995, Summer Jam had its low point, when the concert was cut short before its
headliner, the Isley Brothers, reached the stage after backstage threats of
violence by people associated with Too Short and the Luniz.

The following year, Mountain View police had to review the station's musical
lineup before allowing the show to be booked.

The station will be making some big announcements through the year, including a
big February soul show at Ruby Skyewith Fantasia, Tyrese, J. Valentine and Joe.

FALL RATINGS: The new ratings book is in for the fall season.

KMEL is No. 4 with listeners over 12 for all of the Bay Area. Above it are, from
top down, KGO, KOIT and KCBS, followed by KSOL, KSFO, KBLX, KYLD,KDFCand,
rounding out the Top 10, KISQ. For the record, that's news/talk, easy listening,
news, hip-hop, regional Mexican, conservative talk, soul, hip-hop, classical and
soul. Although the figures aren't released for public radio, KQEDusually falls
within the top five.

In San Jose the order goes: KGO, KSOL,KBAY,KOIT,KUFX,KRTY,KSFO,KYLD,KEZRand KSJO
, followed by KCBS,KDFCand KMEL.

Contact Brad Kava at bkava@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5040. Fax (408)
271-3786. Read his radio blog at www.mercextra.com/bkava

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            January 16, 2007 Tuesday

Kava: For 20 years, KMEL has been king of the hip-hop hill

BYLINE: Brad Kava, Mercury News

LENGTH: 969 words


Two decades ago, KMEL played the national anthem by Huey Lewis and the Newsto
bid goodbye to its rock station history. A few minutes later, Billy Ocean'ssong
``Caribbean Queen'' launched a new generation of rhythmic dance music in the Bay
Area on what later became ``the people's station, KMEL.''

In an era when formats come and go, KMEL-FM (106.1) has hung on long enough to
have some serious history and to have been instrumental in introducing listeners
to artists from Mariah Careyto E-40. The station pioneered two-day-long ``Summer
Jam'' concerts, the first place that underground hip-hop went above ground.

And its DJs and music directors have set styles across the country and around
the world. A good example is Sway, the former Friday night and morning DJ who is
now MTV's arbiter of all things cool.

``This was one of those stations where everyone was welcome,'' says program
director Stacy Cunningham, who came from KMEL's former Los Angeles sister
station, the Beat (KKBT). ``There were no color lines.''

The station has been gathering a living history on its Web site,
http://kmel.com, where you can hear podcasts of interviews and performances from
the past or write about your favorite KMEL memories.

In one segment, rapper E-40 remembers hearing himself played for the first time
on KMEL. In another, he and Too Short recall meeting morning man Chuy Gomez and
being surprised at how short he was.

(An aside here: Until recently, radio treated the Web as the enemy. Mel Karmazin
, CBS's former president, wouldn't let his stations stream or keep Web sites
current. Now they have come around big-time, and KMEL's site is a great example
of a site that gives what marketers call ``value added.'')

You can hear live history segments that will be updated over the year. One that
Cunningham is looking forward to presenting is an interview with comedian Jim
Carrey, back when he was known as the white guy on ``In Living Color.''

The station also is gathering memories from listeners on a phone line, (415)
538-5665.

Cunningham hopes to revive the annual ``Summer Jam'' concert, last held in 2005.
It started as a two-day show at Shoreline Amphitheatre debuting scores of
artists, including Paula Abdul,Lisa Lisa,Maxwelland the former San Jose
firefighter later known as Coolio.

The event has had highs and lows, and was suspended a few years because of
trouble after the concerts.

I can remember sitting with Bill Grahamat Summer Jam in 1991, shortly before his
death, and marveling at an audience that looked like California's future. It was
evenly mixed racially, and it was practically all under 20. With all the
warnings in the '80s about rap's and hip-hop's violent element, Graham noted
that the audience was like a new Woodstock nation, and was much more polite than
a Guns N' Rosescrowd.

KMEL always fought against tightly formatted programming with shows that brought
to mind the old days of ``free-form'' FM radio, when DJs played what they wanted
to play (and in some cases, what the record companies plied them with drugs to
play).

The station simulcast its Summer Jam shows so people who couldn't afford
amphitheater prices could hear them for free. That progressive concept has
fallen by the wayside in these days of making bigger bucks.

The Sway and King Techshow won awards from the Coalition for Eclectic Radio, a
group formed to foster new approaches to programming. Sway and Tech brought in
local talents to perform live and play the music they liked.

Its show ``Westside Radio'' featured famous rappers as DJs, including Ice-T,Ice
Cube,Kid Frost, the L.A. Dream Team,Rodney Oand Joe Cooley.

One of my fondest memories was the November 1996 night when then 25-year-old
Snoop Dogghosted the show, hours after being acquitted of a murder charge in Los
Angeles. He and his Dogg Pound had no worries about the law, as they pulled out
a garbage bag of marijuana, passed around joints and played music for two hours,
waiting an awful long time to introduce themselves to the only white guy sitting
in the corner of the studio, taking notes. ``How do they know I'm not an
undercover vice officer,'' I wondered.

But for Snoop, the night was a celebration of freedom and West Coast hip-hop,
and it gave him a chance to connect directly to his local audience for two
hours, with no other DJ in the house.

Who knew that the '90s would be remembered as freewheeling radio days, like when
KMEL competitor Mancow Mullerhired a crane and harassed KMEL's morning show with
a bullhorn. Now both stations are owned by Clear Channel Communications, and
their employees greet each other politely in the halls.

In 1995, Summer Jam had its low point, when the concert was cut short before its
headliner, the Isley Brothers, reached the stage after backstage threats of
violence by people associated with Too Short and the Luniz.

The following year, Mountain View police had to review the station's musical
lineup before allowing the show to be booked.

The station will be making some big announcements through the year, including a
big February soul show at Ruby Skyewith Fantasia, Tyrese, J. Valentine and Joe.

FALL RATINGS The new ratings book is in for the fall season.

KMEL is No. 4 with listeners over 12 for all of the Bay Area. Above it are, from
top down, KGO, KOIT and KCBS, followed by KSOL, KSFO, KBLX, KYLD,KDFCand,
rounding out the Top 10, KISQ. For the record, that's news/talk, easy listening,
news, hip-hop, regional Mexican, conservative talk, soul, hip-hop, classical and
soul. Although the figures aren't released for public radio, KQEDusually falls
within the top five.

In San Jose the order goes: KGO, KSOL,KBAY,KOIT,KUFX,KRTY,KSFO,KYLD,KEZRand KSJO
, followed by KCBS,KDFC and KMEL.

Contact Brad Kava at bkava@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5040. Fax (408)
271-3786. Read his radio blog at www.mercextra.com/bkava

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            October 4, 1986 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

US SENATE REBUFFS REAGAN OVER VETO

BYLINE: PAUL SHEEHAN, Staff Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 429 words


WASHINGTON, Friday: South Africa moved closer to economic isolation yesterday
when the United States Senate voted overwhelmingly to impose economic sanctions.

The vote represents the biggest foreign policy defeat for President Reagan
during his six years in office.

Mr Reagan had vetoed the sanctions legislation when it was first passed in
August and Congress needed a two-thirds majority to override that veto.

In the end it was easy: 78 votes to 21 in the Senate yesterday and a similarly
overwhelming majority in the House of Representatives last week.

The votes proved what had become obvious for some time - that Mr Reagan is
simply out of touch with the nation on the question of South Africa and
apartheid.

The US will now follow the lead of the Hawke Government and sever South African
Airways' landing rights in the US.

South Africa has already begun a retaliatory economic boycott against Australian
exports because of the move to end South African Airways'profitable route to
Australia, and other anti-apartheid sanctions.

Mr Reagan's attempts to sway senators from strong sanctions met with dismal
results. He managed to sway only seven votes.

In an emotional senate roll-call, the President's South Africa strategy of only
cosmetic sanctions was demolished before a packed public gallery, which included
Coretta Scott King, the widow of Martin Luther King.

The result was also a defeat of the Senate majority leader, Robert Dole, who
voted against the sanctions, arguing that the President should be in charge of
US foreign relations. Senator Dole is also from a farm-belt state.

Another opponent of the sanctions, the ultra-conservative Senator Jesse Helms,
warned that "the thrust of this legislation is to bring about violent
revolutionary change and following that, violent tyranny".

"There is no question who is behind all this violent tyranny and burning and
that is the Soviet Union," Senator Helms said.

But Senator Edward Kennedy, a leading supporter of the bill, told the Senate:
"This is one of those votes that will go down in history."

When it became obvious that the President would lose the vote, the White House
said it would enact most of the proposed sanctions by executive order, but by
then it was too late.

Many senators were angered by what they saw as attempted blackmail by the South
African Foreign Minister, Mr Pik Botha, who telephoned two farm-state senators
this week and warned them of South Africa's proposed grain boycott.

Mr Botha also warned them that South Africa would close its ports to US grain
shipments to Zimbabwe, Lesotho and Mozambique.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: illus: Senator Edward Kennedy looks on as Mr Mickey Leland, a Texas
Republican (left), hugs Mr Randall Robinson, a lobbyist for Trans Africa, on
Capitol Hill after the Senate voted 78-21 in favour of sanctions

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1986 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                          September 24, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Balsillie backs away from any quick Coyotes move

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 306  words


Canadian billionaire Jim Balsillie agreed on Wednesday to keep the Phoenix
Coyotes in Arizona for this season, should his bid be accepted to purchase the
bankrupt NHL team.

During a Wednesday morning hearing in Phoenix, a lawyer for Balsillie told Judge
Redfield T. Baum that he'd be willing to wait to move the franchise at the
Olympic break in February, or keep it there for the entire season if necessary.

"In order to get this done, we would be willing to just say this team would stay
here this year," Jeffrey Kessler said. "We will wait to see if there's going to
be a Glendale buyer by the end of December. If there's not, then we would move
the team thereafter."

Wednesday's hearing was held at the request of Coyotes owner Jerry Moyes, in an
effort to sway Baum into sending the case to mediation to solve some of the
contentious sale issues.

The hearing went more than an hour despite Baum's initial call for it to last no
more than 30 minutes.

Kessler also said that Balsillie is willing to give the City of Glendale $25
million US no matter what happens, and another $25 million if he takes control
of the franchise and is willing to move it to Hamilton. The City of Glendale,
the NHL and the major creditors involved in the bankruptcy are against
mediation, while Balsillie is hoping his concessions will sway Baum. The judge,
however, declined to rule immediately on the mediation request.

"I do have a very strong sense that you all are not going to reach a consensual
agreement on this on your own," Baum said.

The league has stated that mediation would delay the sale process, which will
hurt potential ticket sales and the staff who work for the Coyotes. Balsillie's
concessions on Wednesday did little to change the NHL's view.

"This is nothing more than a desperate attempt to delay things," said Alan Meda,
a lawyer for the NHL.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Moyes ;
Photo: Balsillie ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                          September 24, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Balsillie relents on quick move of Coyotes

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 373  words


Canadian billionaire Jim Balsillie agreed on Wednesday to keep the Phoenix
Coyotes in Arizona for this season, should his bid be accepted to purchase the
bankrupt NHL team.

During a Wednesday morning hearing in a Phoenix courtroom, a lawyer for
Balsillie told Judge Redfield T. Baum that he'd be willing to wait to move the
franchise at the Olympic break in February, or keep it there for the entire
season if necessary.

"In order to get this done, we would be willing to just say this team would stay
here this year," Jeffrey Kessler said. "We will wait to see if there's going to
be a Glendale buyer by the end of December. If there's not, then we would move
the team thereafter."

Wednesday's hearing was held at the request of Coyotes owner Jerry Moyes, in an
effort to sway Baum into sending the case to mediation to solve some of the
contentious sale issues.

The hearing went more than an hour despite Baum's initial call for it to last no
more than 30 minutes,

Kessler also said that Balsillie is willing to give the City of Glendale $25
million US no matter what happens, and another $25 million if he takes control
of the franchise and is willing to move it to Hamilton.

The City of Glendale, the NHL and the major creditors involved in the bankruptcy
are against mediation, while Balsillie is hoping his concessions will sway Baum.
The judge, however, declined to rule immediately on the mediation request.

"I do have a very strong sense that you all are not going to reach a consensual
agreement on this on your own," Baum said.

The league has stated that mediation would delay the sale process, which will
hurt potential ticket sales and the staff who work for the Coyotes.

Balsillie's concessions on Wednesday did little to change the NHL's view.

"This is nothing more than a desperate attempt to delay things," said Alan Meda,
a lawyer for the NHL.

The Coyotes, meanwhile, are trying to win back fans, who have stayed away from
pre-season games in droves.

The team announced on its website on Wednesday afternoon that it will be
celebrating its home-opener with discounted tickets as part of its "Welcome Back
Whiteout" promotion. Tickets for the Oct. 10 opener against Columbus will be $25
for the lower bowl and $15 for the upper bowl.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2009 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                          September 24, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Balsillie relents on quick move of Coyotes franchise

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 373  words


Canadian billionaire Jim Balsillie agreed on Wednesday to keep the Phoenix
Coyotes in Arizona for this season, should his bid be accepted to purchase the
bankrupt NHL team.

During a Wednesday morning hearing in a Phoenix courtroom, a lawyer for
Balsillie told Judge Redfield T. Baum that he'd be willing to wait to move the
franchise at the Olympic break in February, or keep it there for the entire
season if necessary.

"In order to get this done, we would be willing to just say this team would stay
here this year," Jeffrey Kessler said. "We will wait to see if there's going to
be a Glendale buyer by the end of December. If there's not, then we would move
the team thereafter."

Wednesday's hearing was held at the request of Coyotes owner Jerry Moyes, in an
effort to sway Baum into sending the case to mediation to solve some of the
contentious sale issues.

The hearing went more than an hour despite Baum's initial call for it to last no
more than 30 minutes,

Kessler also said that Balsillie is willing to give the City of Glendale $25
million US no matter what happens, and another $25 million if he takes control
of the franchise and is willing to move it to Hamilton.

The City of Glendale, the NHL and the major creditors involved in the bankruptcy
are against mediation, while Balsillie is hoping his concessions will sway Baum.
The judge, however, declined to rule immediately on the mediation request.

"I do have a very strong sense that you all are not going to reach a consensual
agreement on this on your own," Baum said.

The league has stated that mediation would delay the sale process, which will
hurt potential ticket sales and the staff who work for the Coyotes.

Balsillie's concessions on Wednesday did little to change the NHL's view.

"This is nothing more than a desperate attempt to delay things," said Alan Meda,
a lawyer for the NHL.

The Coyotes, meanwhile, are trying to win back fans, who have stayed away from
pre-season games in droves.

The team announced on its website on Wednesday afternoon that it will be
celebrating its home-opener with discounted tickets as part of its "Welcome Back
Whiteout" promotion. Tickets for the Oct. 10 opener against Columbus will be $25
for the lower bowl and $15 for the upper bowl.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

Women's field deep and the blades are out

BYLINE: Rosie DiManno

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S3

LENGTH: 971 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


They could be called The Three Amigas. Except that would be a nose-stretcher.

For one thing, figure skating is a cutthroat sport, beneath the air-kiss veneer
and the tragic tears in the kiss 'n' cry.

For another thing - the most crucial thing at the moment - only two of the trio
will leave the capital on Sunday having punched her ticket to the world
championships in Helsinki, a couple of months hence.

Alaine Chartrand. Kaetlyn Osmond. Gabrielle Daleman. Going mano-a-mano-a-mano
over the weekend at the Canadian championships.

Chartrand, just a stone's throw from her Prescott, Ont. home - although the
20-year-old, in an oft-told story, rides the Chartrand-mobile in weekly training
treks to Minto and Toronto - is the defending women's champion.

Osmond, the raven-haired dark orchid from Newfoundland, twice won the national
crown before suffering a hideous leg fracture when trying to avoid a training
collision, which cost her a full year of rehab sideline.

Daleman is the Newmarket teenager whose intense focus on skating once led her to
tell reporters that her favourite off-ice activity was doing physio. Daleman was
the higher-finishing Canadian lady at Worlds last spring.

As different from each other as black and white and day-glo orange.

To the defender, perhaps, go the keenest spoils of anxiety. And - for this
country - a rare three-way bid for belle of the nationals, where so often in the
past it wasn't even much of a one-two contest.

With the exception of Joannie Rochette, female skating has not been Canada's
strong sequined suit since Elizabeth Manley's surprising silver at the Calgary
Olympics. We just don't do great gals as solo skaters, certainly not in bunches.

But the head-to-head-to-head here provides a much-anticipated chunk of this
weekend's Canadians. The restored polish of Osmond, who took silver at both her
Grand Prix assignments in the fall and qualified for the final, albeit sinking
from second after the short to fourth after a sloppy long? The charm of
Chartrand, who's ditched her big-thud "Sway" short routine, running back to the
"Pina" program that served her so well last season - and which had been intended
for revival in the upcoming Olympic year? Or the take-no-prisoners approach of
Daleman, victor in 2015, second in '16.

Perhaps the weight presses most heavily on Chartrand's shoulders as the one with
a crowd to lose, though she full-out beat both the more decorated Osmond and the
buzzing Daleman in Halifax in 2016. Since then, however, Chartrand had not fared
well - 17th at Worlds in Boston last spring, fifth at Skate Canada, a woebegone
10th at NHK, her other GP assignment in the fall.

"Both programs were far from what I wanted," says Chartrand of her NHK disaster.
"But you can always learn from when things don't go well.''

Apparently, what the pride of Prescott learned best was to relinquish "Sway,"
resurrecting the "Pina" routine which had brought career-best scores last year
and which had been carefully mothballed with a do-not-open-until-2018 label.

"The plan was to bring it back for the Olympic season because I liked it so
much," said Chartrand. "But now seemed like the time that I needed it."

Because the other "Sway" she could not bring to heel.

"It just wasn't given me the results I wanted and needed," Chartrand admits,
though it's hard to pinpoint why, though specifically she was botching her
opening combination. "It's a different style for me," she adds of "Sway" by The
Pussycat Dolls and the routine, choreographed by Shae-Lynn Bourne. "It was
giving me a lot of problems in practice. It's a different style for me. When I
was going into that opening combination, I didn't have the right feeling. I need
to feel like I'm aggressive and I need the opening combination. That's a lot of
points and I wasn't getting it."

For Daleman, just turned 19, runner-up in three of her four Canadians as a
senior is getting kind of old, although cracking the top 10 at '16 Worlds sent a
here-I-come message to international judges. She was fourth at Skate America and
second in the short program at the Trophee de France. "I'm just focusing on what
I can control and am capable of doing," Daleman - always reliable for a cliche
quote - told her hometown weekly.

And then, of course, there's Osmond, at 21 just a smidge older than the rest but
somehow miles more mature in presentation, chastened by her national team bump
of last season, keen to climb back atop the women's heap in Canada.

"A big kick in the butt for me," says Osmond of missing a '16 Worlds berth with
a third-place finish. "I've been wanting to get back on the national world
team.''

That year off, following two surgeries to the broken leg, Osmond scarcely
glanced at competitive figure skating. It hurt too much, being a mere watcher.
"I just took myself out of it completely.'' But she was taken aback, once
restored to the fray, by how far the women's faction globally had advanced. "It
was almost a shock how good the world competitors and even the Canadian skaters
had gotten in that year. A big shock to my system. I knew they were good and I
knew they'd be doing really well, but mostly I'd lost the confidence in myself
last year.''

By which she means the 2015-16 season.

This year, with two new programs that silhouette her strengths, Osmond had
double-silver results on the Grand Prix stage, qualifying for the final in
Marseilles last month. She was second after a lovely short program, but a
jittery long dropped her into fourth overall. "I hit myself in the head a few
times after I made those mistakes."

Not so much that she concussed herself. Has had quite enough of triage and
rehabilitation, thank you very much. "The biggest thing that I learned was that
I was able to compete with the top skaters in the world. That felt amazing to
me."

Now, about those top skaters in Canada . . .

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2017 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              390 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 1, 2007 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

BYLINE: By Henry Fountain

SECTION: Section F; Column 1; Science Desk; OBSERVATORY; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 839 words


In Detecting Mass, One Laboratory Mimics the Diving Board

Picture a diving board that is oscillating regularly, its tip going up and down.
Climb on it and what happens? Your mass dampens the oscillations, reducing their
frequency and height.

That's the principle behind an analytical device developed by researchers at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Only their ''diving board'' is a
cantilever of silicon, just one-fifth of a millimeter long and much thinner,
made to oscillate electrostatically. And instead of putting mass on top, they
put it in a U-shaped channel inside the cantilever.

The result is an easy-to-fabricate, robust device that could be used to detect
biomolecules, say, or nanoparticles, by measuring minute changes in the
oscillations of the cantilever as the molecules or particles flow inside it,
adding mass.

Scott R. Manalis, an M.I.T. professor in whose lab the device was developed (and
who is a co-author of a paper  in Nature describing it), said no one had figured
out how to make a cantilever mass-detection tool work at a high level of
sensitivity in a liquid, a necessity for biological assays. It would be like
having a diving board underwater, he said: the liquid dampens the oscillations
too much.

His team's solution was to put the liquid inside the cantilever by fabricating
the enclosed channel. ''It was an 'Aha!' moment,'' he said.

The cantilever can work two ways. To detect a specific antigen, for example, the
channel walls could be coated with an antibody that binds with it. As the
antigen molecules traveled through the channel they would accumulate, adding
mass to the cantilever and eventually affecting the oscillation frequency.

A more novel approach could measure relatively large single particles traveling
through the channel. As a particle moved toward the tip of the cantilever, it
would affect the oscillations to a greater degree. Measuring that dip in
frequency would give the particle's mass.

Dr. Manalis said that with either method, the channeled cantilever holds promise
as an analytical tool. Most current biomolecule detection systems involve
optics, which can make them both expensive and delicate. A cantilever device
should be relatively inexpensive to make and robust enough for field use, he
said.  Instead of Leaping, Sumatran Orangutans Sway From Tree to Tree

For animals that spend most of their time in trees, getting around can be
costly. Jumping the gap from a thin branch to another tree can be inefficient
(not to mention risky), because the bending branch absorbs some of the jump
energy. Another option is climbing down one tree and up the other, but this
takes energy, too.

Orangutans in Sumatra take a third approach: they cause the entire tree to sway
until the top is close enough to a neighboring tree for the animal to reach a
branch or vine.

While tree-swaying might seem to be the most labor-intensive technique of all, a
study by Susannah K. Thorpe of the University of Birmingham in England and
colleagues shows that it uses about half the energy of a typical jump, and about
a tenth or less of the energy expended in climbing up another tree or vine.

Dr. Thorpe videotaped wild orangutans in the Gunung Leuser National Park, and
calculated energy costs based on the weight of the animal, its height on the
tree, the thickness of the trunk and the amount of sway. The findings  were
reported in Biology Letters.

Sumatra orangutans are preyed upon by tigers, so they spend almost all their
time in trees. Tree swaying (and a few other observed movements that also rely
on tree and branch bending) is a way to avoid having to descend to the ground.

''Our study shows that not only do these forms of gap crossing increase
safety,'' Dr. Thorpe said, ''but they also decrease the cost of crossing the
gap.''  Looks Like a Tree Fossil But Acted Like a Fungus, Researchers Discover

Among fossils, few are stranger than that of Prototaxites, which lived about 400
million years ago. The fossils are like tree trunks -- about 3 feet in diameter
and up to 25 feet long -- but Prototaxites is unlike any known tree, living or
extinct. In fact, it is unlike most anything, and scientists have never been
sure if it was a lichen, a giant alga, a fungus or something else entirely.

Now isotopic analysis of fossils from Ontario and Quebec strongly suggest that
''giant fungus'' is the proper description. The analysis, by C. Kevin Boyce of
the University of Chicago and colleagues, shows that Prototaxites probably dined
off other living things, as a fungus would. The findings are published in the
journal Geology.

The researchers looked at concentrations of carbon isotopes in the fossils.
Isotopic concentrations in some fossils, for example, approximated those in
fossil plants from the same area, indicating that Prototaxites consumed land
plants. Other fossils from other locations had different concentrations of
isotopes, and in those cases, the researchers suggest, the fungus may have
consumed microbes in soil crusts.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: A tiny cantilever, shown with its channel exposed, detects mass
through changes in its vibrating frequency. (Photo by Thomas Burg/M.I.T.)
 A Saudi Arabian fossil of Prototaxites, which new evidence suggests was a
fungus. (Photo by Francis Hueber/Review of Paleobotany and Palynology,
Smithsonian Institution, via Elsevier)  Drawing (Drawing by Chris Gash)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              391 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 7, 2006 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Voters' Turn: Voices in an Uneasy America

SECTION: Section A; Column 4; Editorial Desk; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1297 words



To the Editor:

As we watch -- if we do -- our country being destroyed by a government we
allegedly chose, Americans have an opportunity and responsibility on Tuesday
that's unique. We can take back the reins of government, the ultimate duty of
each of our citizens.

It's unique because the situation has never been worse. For too long, we have
apathetically ignored what those in charge have been doing, and it's almost too
late.

Let's restore our place in the family of nations. Let's restore integrity in our
own land. Let's restore our commitments to one another.

Robert F. Longley
Green Valley, Ariz., Nov. 6, 2006

To the Editor:

American politics has plummeted to a new level that can only be described as
embarrassing and despicable.

Our leaders and aspiring political candidates should be standing before the
citizens of this great country and speaking about platforms and their own
personal leadership ideals, strengths and capabilities. Instead, they are
slinging mud, making contextual exaggerations and lying about their opponents to
sway an already confused, misguided voter.

In my mind, the candidates who stand on platforms based primarily on political
accusation and rhetoric are the candidates who deserve to lose.

The nauseating fact about the midterm election, and frankly, all of the
elections in this administration's tenure, is that there doesn't seem to be a
candidate on either side of the political fence who hasn't succumbed to using
scare tactics and propaganda to sway the American voter.

God bless America, and please help restore our right to know the truth, see the
truth and to vote in confidence.

Minette Herman
Weston, Fla., Nov. 4, 2006

To the Editor:

Re ''The Difference Two Years Made'' (editorial, Nov. 5):

Something is sorely amiss in Congress, and it is priorities.

It seems the elected members of both parties have a completely inverted value
system that more often than not operates to the detriment of the country's
well-being.

Their upside-down priorities seem to be as follows, in this order:

Make sure they take care of themselves first.

Do the selfish bidding of their major contributors.

Right or wrong, march and vote in lock step with their party.

Vote the interests of their district.

Vote what's best for the well-being of the country as a whole.

It is no surprise that we find ourselves in a national and international mess.

Unabashed greed, selfish motives, low ethics and a lack of personal courage seem
to be the job description of much of today's Congress. Where are the honorable
statesmen and women the country so desperately needs?

Reverse these five priorities, restore integrity to the system, and, just maybe,
America will once again have an honest and honorable government.

Robert Brandes
Fredericksburg, Tex., Nov. 5, 2006

To the Editor:

''The Difference Two Years Made'' (editorial, Nov. 5), in which a vote for a
Republican is condemned, and fear and finger-pointing are used as weapons
against an opposing party, is a prime example of the unfortunate shift in
strategy by Democratic supporters.

The Democrats should have it easy in this election. We are headed to an
inevitable success, yet we are beginning to self-destruct.

Finger-pointing, fear-mongering and flawed logic have become the triumvirate of
the Republican Party. But America has had enough of that.

The only chance the Democrats have at succeeding is by continuing to play a
different game from the Republicans and not playing a dirty one.

The Republicans are playing a losing game, and the American public is becoming
more and more aware of it every day.

At this point, preaching to the choir by Democrats and/or changing strategy will
swiftly annihilate the Democratic Party's greatest weapon: its image.

Joe Resnek
Chelsea, Mass., Nov. 6, 2006

To the Editor:

Re ''Throw the Truthiness Bums Out,'' by Frank Rich (column, Nov. 5):

If the Democrats win these Congressional races, they should abandon the politics
of ''truthiness'' in favor of the politics of truth and facts.

Republicans do not respect the intelligence of the American people. Wouldn't it
be refreshing if policy were based on science and results?

Statistics and facts? If politicians respect us -- if they are honest with us --
we will respect them enough to vote for them again and again.

Truthiness need not be a tool for our approval anymore.

Geoff Wawrzyniak
West Lafayette, Ind., Nov. 6, 2006

To the Editor:

Frank Rich's Nov. 5 column took me back to the honeymoon the media gave George
W. Bush after his election in 2000, when reporters gushed with admiration for
the discipline that the president and his administration showed in staying ''on
message.'' It was a mistake then, as now, to value consistency over content.

This administration's oft-told lies have not only gotten us into a tragic war,
but they have also undermined the integrity of the civic discourse on which our
Republic depends.

Carolyn Jackson
New York, Nov. 5, 2006

To the Editor:

Re ''New Telemarketing Ploy Steers Voters Down a Republican Path'' (front page,
Nov. 6):

If one result of the new Republican polls is that people will take fewer calls
from the so-called ''more objective pollsters,'' with luck lessening the
influence of those pollsters, that would be welcome.

We are about at the point where the news is not what actually happened, but what
the ''more objective pollsters'' and the media tell us polls show about
reactions to what happened.

Donald Nawi
Scarsdale, N.Y., Nov. 6, 2006

To the Editor:

Re ''New Telemarketing Ploy Steers Voters Down a Republican Path'' (front page,
Nov. 6):

Negative campaigning tactics like these are nasty, unfair -- and effective. The
reason candidates resort to these new tricks, despite voters' protestations that
they dislike attack ads, is that individuals are more likely to recall negative
advertising than positive spots. This may be due to the psychological power of
negative information.

If you have ever had the experience of ruminating on the one negative remark a
friend made about you in a sea of positive comments, you can appreciate why
negative campaigning persists.

Richard M. Perloff
Cleveland, Nov. 6, 2006

The writer is director of the School of Communication at Cleveland State
University.

To the Editor:

Re ''As Vote Nears, Parties Prepare for Legal Fights'' (front page, Nov. 4):

Does not the article sum up the panorama of Tuesday's election: the fear of the
Democrats that not enough voters will be counted; the fear of the Republicans
that too many voters will be counted?

Phyllis Yampolsky
Brooklyn, Nov. 4, 2006

To the Editor:

Re ''Protecting the Right to Vote'' (editorial, Nov. 6):

It is apparent that the entire voting process -- voter registration, ballot
design, vote-counting technology, vote count validation and voter access --
needs a thorough overhaul resulting in enforceable national standards.

The current process violates the concept of equal protection under the law.

Lee Tanzer
Cedar Park, Tex., Nov. 6, 2006

To the Editor:

Democracy is new for me. Also new for me is the idea that my opinion might
count.

I grew up in Communist Romania, and I remember my Mom going to vote, an
obligation to no avail: always the choice between two members of the same party,
with no political platform or view.

Later, when the regime changed, I got the right to vote. But after each
election, I also had the feeling that my vote was useless. Nothing had changed,
no matter who the winner was.

So, here I am, in the United States, the land of freedom and democracy. Why is
it I'm still afraid that my opinion won't count? That my vote will be
disregarded in a so-justifiable technical error? Here, in the most
technologically advanced country in the world?

Mihaela Costin
Mount Vernon, N.Y., Nov. 6, 2006


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Drawing by Felix Sockwell)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              392 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

Delight as elder masters of jazz return to perform at Montreux

BYLINE: Nina Larson Inmontreux, Switzerland Agence France Presse

LENGTH: 531  words


As saxophone supremo Charles Lloyd pushes out a cascade of soaring notes, jazz
aficionados in Montreux sway in rapture.

The legendary American musician was back on stage at the opening of this year's
Montreux Jazz Festival, half a century after he headlined the first festival in
the idyllic Swiss town in 1967.

He was followed by fabled jazz pianist Monty Alexander, who first played
Montreux in 1976, and who returned to revisit the celebrated recording he made
on that occasion called "Montreux Alexander".

Forty years on, his fingers fly over the keys, prompting some in the 300-seat
venue to jump out of their seats and start dancing in the aisles.

"It was just a mythical concert," enthused Jacques Emery, a 69-year-old
pensioner.

"I was floating. I think actually I levitated in my seat."

That was the kind of almost spiritual experience Lloyd, 78, was aiming for, he
told AFP ahead of Thursday's concert, saying he himself receives the music from
a higher authority and just allows it flow through him.

"I like to go as an empty vessel as possible and let the creator fill me up and
fill all of us," he said, smiling behind his dark glasses.

The septuagenarian sways and grooves on stage like a man half his age, arching
his back and lifting his knee up to meet his saxophone.

"I'm drunk with the music and it informs me and it elevates me and puts me in
the zone," he said.

'When giants roamed'

Lloyd, who was one of the first jazz artists to sell more than a million copies
of a record, first began playing with stars as a boy growing up in Memphis.

"I've been blessed to play with some of the greatest musicians on the planet.
I've been around when giants roamed the earth," he said, listing blues legends
like Howlin Wolf and BB King among those he has accompanied.

Jazz greats like Duke Ellington, Johnny Hodges and Harry Carney, who used to
stay at his childhood home when they came to town, also played a formative role
in his musical education.

"They told my mother to have me be a doctor, lawyer or Indian chief, not this
(jazz musician), because it's too hard," he said, "But I was bit by the cobra,
so it was too late."

Jamaica-born Monty Alexander, 72, has also played with a number of luminaries
over the course of his career.

"I recorded with Tony Bennett, (and) I knew Miles Davis very well," he told AFP.

Like Lloyd, he also found a mentor in the Duke.

"Duke Ellington was one of the people that wrote a letter to the US immigration
to allow me to stay in America," he said. "The other one was Frank Sinatra."

Alexander, who taught himself to play the piano as a boy but never learned to
read music, says he considered himself "so fortunate to do something that didn't
feel like I was working".

"I still feel like it's a dream. How can you make music and get paid for it?" he
said.

The entrance of the Auditorium Stravinski is seen during the 50th edition of the
Montreux Jazz Festival in Montreux. The festival starts with big names such as
Neil Young and PJ Harvey. Fabrice Coffrini / AFP

(China Daily 07/09/2016 page19)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/62/146802637279.jpg

00221917e13e18ea7f8308.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/52/146802637473.jpg

00221917e13e18ea7f8409.jpg

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              393 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

Delight as elder masters of jazz return to perform at Montreux

LENGTH: 531  words


As saxophone supremo Charles Lloyd pushes out a cascade of soaring notes, jazz
aficionados in Montreux sway in rapture.

The legendary American musician was back on stage at the opening of this year's
Montreux Jazz Festival, half a century after he headlined the first festival in
the idyllic Swiss town in 1967.

He was followed by fabled jazz pianist Monty Alexander, who first played
Montreux in 1976, and who returned to revisit the celebrated recording he made
on that occasion called "Montreux Alexander".

Forty years on, his fingers fly over the keys, prompting some in the 300-seat
venue to jump out of their seats and start dancing in the aisles.

"It was just a mythical concert," enthused Jacques Emery, a 69-year-old
pensioner.

"I was floating. I think actually I levitated in my seat."

That was the kind of almost spiritual experience Lloyd, 78, was aiming for, he
told AFP ahead of Thursday's concert, saying he himself receives the music from
a higher authority and just allows it flow through him.

"I like to go as an empty vessel as possible and let the creator fill me up and
fill all of us," he said, smiling behind his dark glasses.

The septuagenarian sways and grooves on stage like a man half his age, arching
his back and lifting his knee up to meet his saxophone.

"I'm drunk with the music and it informs me and it elevates me and puts me in
the zone," he said.

'When giants roamed'

Lloyd, who was one of the first jazz artists to sell more than a million copies
of a record, first began playing with stars as a boy growing up in Memphis.

"I've been blessed to play with some of the greatest musicians on the planet.
I've been around when giants roamed the earth," he said, listing blues legends
like Howlin Wolf and BB King among those he has accompanied.

Jazz greats like Duke Ellington, Johnny Hodges and Harry Carney, who used to
stay at his childhood home when they came to town, also played a formative role
in his musical education.

"They told my mother to have me be a doctor, lawyer or Indian chief, not this
(jazz musician), because it's too hard," he said, "But I was bit by the cobra,
so it was too late."

Jamaica-born Monty Alexander, 72, has also played with a number of luminaries
over the course of his career.

"I recorded with Tony Bennett, (and) I knew Miles Davis very well," he told AFP.

Like Lloyd, he also found a mentor in the Duke.

"Duke Ellington was one of the people that wrote a letter to the US immigration
to allow me to stay in America," he said. "The other one was Frank Sinatra."

Alexander, who taught himself to play the piano as a boy but never learned to
read music, says he considered himself "so fortunate to do something that didn't
feel like I was working".

"I still feel like it's a dream. How can you make music and get paid for it?" he
said.

The entrance of the Auditorium Stravinski is seen during the 50th edition of the
Montreux Jazz Festival in Montreux. The festival starts with big names such as
Neil Young and PJ Harvey. Fabrice Coffrini / AFP

(China DailyUSA07/11/2016 page10)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1496/62/146822189471.jpg

00221917e13e18ea7f8308.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1496/52/146822190292.jpg

00221917e13e18ea7f8409.jpg

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           September 28, 2004 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Letters to the editor

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 704 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


GROWING WEARY OF GROWTH

Recently our mayor shared her perspective on the overwhelming defeat of the
street and trail bond issue. She expressed her concern about the defeat and the
message it sends to businesses and people outside of Lincoln.

As a long-time resident of Lincoln, I would remind the mayor and the City
Council that the heart of Lincoln is its residents, not its businesses or people
who live outside Lincoln.

It appears that our city government has as one of its basic principles that
growth is good. I, as a citizen, have grown weary of shouldering the burden of
growth through tax increases. If growth truly was in everyone's best interest,
new industry and city growth would increase the tax base to such an extent that
increases would, for the most part, be unnecessary. Clearly that is not what we
have managed in Lincoln.

I hope our city and county government listens to what the voters have said.

Ted Schultz, Lincoln

JUST WANT THE FACTS

I am writing as a proud Republican from Seward.  I understand there is a
tendency in today's media to sway toward partisan politics.  The Journal Star
does have its tendencies, but there is a fair part of the time that the paper
does show a strictly nonpartisan viewpoint.  I would not want to see the paper
sway toward Republican or Democrat, I just want the facts.

I encourage the newspaper to keep up the ethics and standards that come with
freedom of the press.  This is not a freedom that says the newspaper can say
what it wants, it is a freedom to say what is right.

In this great state, we sometimes have a tendency to get separated from the
world.  This is such a vital time for us to be informed about our world and our
nation.  Please do not get sucked into the national media and their
partisanship. Give us the facts, and let us decide.

Bill Schultz, Seward

WHERE'D HE GET HIS INFO?

Vice President Dick Cheney has now told us that if we vote for the wrong
candidate in November, we might cause another terrorist attack on the United
States.

If another terrorist attack happens before the election, will it be because we
were thinking about voting for the wrong person in November for president?
Conversely, if another terrorist attack happens after the election and President
Bush has been re-elected, what will that mean?

Simply put, as our sanctimonious sack of vice president is so fond of saying,
such statements make me wonder where the veep gets his info. Do he and the
president know something they're not telling us? On second thought, why would he
let George in on it?

Valerie Bender, Lincoln

ENSURING OUR VOICE

I read with interest and dismay the column by Leon Satterfield, and the letter
from Fred Luebke regarding the electoral college (LJS, Sept. 13).  The dismay
was due to the fact that Satterfield didn't include in his column the rationale
behind the electoral college and to Luebke's suggestion that it should be
abolished.

Why anyone from a state like Nebraska would consider abolishing it is beyond me.
The main reason our founding fathers created the electoral college was to ensure
that the interests of each state, regardless of population, would be represented
by the executive branch.

If the election were based solely on the popular vote, its outcome would be
determined by the more heavily populated and urbanized coastlines of the U.S.,
whose interests and agendas are not the same as ours.  That is why Luebke saw
"few newspapers and pundits (and virtually no politician of either party)"
endorse eliminating it.

I am, therefore, not surprised that the editorial Luebke mentioned came from the
New York Times.

I also have to take issue with the statement that this is "clanky, undemocratic
machinery" which "is to overweigh the influence of states, such as Nebraska,
with low populations."

It doesn't overweigh Nebraska's influence - it ensures that Nebraska has a
voice, that Kansas has a voice, that North and South Dakota and other similar
states have voices that are not drowned out by New York, California, etc.

Regardless of your party alignment (I was a registered Democrat until 1984 and
have been an independent since), it is not in the interests of Nebraska to have
our political voice and our needs minimized.

Anneliese Kennedy, Lincoln

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 22, 2014 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Panel Tells Port Authority to Lessen Governors' Sway

BYLINE: By PATRICK McGEEHAN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 839 words


For an agency that has conducted most of its business behind closed doors for
decades, the meeting the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey held on
Monday morning was indisputably extraordinary.

A committee of the authority's board of directors had invited a group of
outsiders to suggest ways to fix the beleaguered agency and invited the public
to watch. For two hours, the panel of outsiders took turns reproaching the
directors and the governors they answer to for having allowed the authority to
devolve into a patronage mill and a piggy bank for pet projects.

The solution, most of them agreed, was to curtail the influence of the governors
of New York and New Jersey and operate the authority with less secrecy,
tantamount to heresy for an agency board that has traditionally done little more
in public than announce its decisions.

The committee hearing the suggestions exists only because the Port Authority was
thoroughly embarrassed by the role some of its officials played in a scheme to
disrupt traffic to the George Washington Bridge last year. The disruption
tarnished the reputation of New Jersey's governor, Chris Christie, and spurred
several investigations, including one by the office of the Manhattan district
attorney.

As a result, Scott H. Rechler, the vice chairman of the board, formed the
committee to find ways to reform the agency. One of his first steps was to
declare that the committee would conduct its business in the open, a practice
the panelists agreed should be adopted by the full board.

''There shouldn't be anything to hide,'' said Robert D. Yaro, president of the
Regional Plan Association. ''There should be no secret votes.''

Mr. Yaro was one of five on the panel. The others were Mitchell L. Moss,
director of the Rudin Center for Transportation at New York University; Martin
E. Robins, the founding director of the Alan M. Voorhees Transportation Center
at Rutgers University; Jameson W. Doig, a professor at Princeton University; and
Carol Kellermann, president of the Citizens Budget Commission.

Given the agency's entrenched culture and practices, it was unclear how much
sway the panelists' views might have.

They criticized the Port Authority's tit-for-tat custom, which allows the
governors of New York and New Jersey to divide up the spoils of the agency. It
takes in about $4.4 billion a year, mostly from bridge and tunnel tolls and
airport fees.

That approach is being scrutinized by federal investigators in the wake of the
sudden closing in September of two of three local lanes from Fort Lee, N.J., to
the tollbooths of the George Washington Bridge. Revelations that the closings
were the handiwork of Mr. Christie's allies at the Port Authority raised
questions about how the Christie administration had arranged to spend Port
Authority money on certain projects in New Jersey.

Ms. Kellerman reminded the directors that the compact that created the Port
Authority in 1921 said the goal was to create ''cordial collaboration'' between
the two states, ''not conscious parallelism.'' She said the Port Authority
should publish forecasts of its annual budgets so that people could see what
shape the agency's finances were in. When Mr. Rechler responded that the agency
had recently developed a ''fairly comprehensive forecasting model,'' Ms.
Kellerman countered, ''We all look forward to sharing those documents.''

There was near-consensus that one way to make the authority less susceptible to
the whims of dueling governors would be to have the board choose the executive
director of the agency and have the executive director choose the deputy
executive director. Much of the dysfunction at the Port Authority, they said,
stemmed from the divided loyalties of the appointees.

For about 20 years, the custom has been for the governor of New York to appoint
the executive director and the governor of New Jersey to appoint the deputy.
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo of New York appointed Patrick J. Foye, the current
executive director.

Mr. Christie had to choose a new deputy after his first appointee to the job,
Bill Baroni, resigned after his role in the bridge-traffic debacle was exposed.
Mr. Christie chose Deborah L. Gramiccioni, who had been a lawyer in his office,
to succeed Mr. Baroni.

The board has been without a chairman since David Samson, a lawyer and close
friend of Mr. Christie's, resigned last month amid investigations into his
conduct. Another representative of New Jersey on the board, Anthony J. Sartor,
resigned last week.

Mr. Rechler said he agreed that the board should choose the executives to run
the agency and that those executives should answer to the board and not to the
governors. But he said that even if those changes were made to the
organizational structure, the agency probably would not immediately search for
successors to Mr. Foye and Ms. Gramiccioni, both of whom attended the meeting on
Monday.

Mr. Rechler said it was problematic that ''Deb Gramiccioni reports to Trenton''
and that it would be better if ''Pat Foye would report to the board solely.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/22/nyregion/panel-tells-port-authority-to-lessen-
governors-sway.html

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              396 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                              May 29, 2011 Sunday

Census hints of political changes

BYLINE: Walter C. Jones

SECTION: Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 791 words


ATLANTA Officials gearing up for redistricting later this year, from city
councils to the legislature, will confront demographic changes that could alter
Georgia's political landscape.

A state attracting as many new residents as fast as Georgia is going to remain
in flux. Migration is swelling the population far faster than births by natives.

While Georgia draws heavily from other Southeastern states for its newcomers, as
shown by the latest census data, the new arrivals are still new.

They tend to have higher incomes and better educations than the average
Georgian. That bolsters the ranks of the Republican Party.

But they don't know the candidates. They're more likely to skip local elections
held in off years, and when they do vote, they'll rely more on party label and
incumbency than any knowledge of the candidates, according to political
consultant Mark Rountree of Landmark Communications.

They're usually younger, and therefore more susceptible to negative campaign ads
than older voters who've heard it all before.

Rountree works primarily with local and legislative candidates, and he's
grappled with the challenges of migrant voters. So he knows that decisions about
which district to put the new subdivisions into carries some risk for
policymakers.

Plus, not every newcomer is a conservative suburbanite.

"A lot of the growth is not Republican," Rountree said.

Proof? Look at the narrow GOP margin last year in what was a national
shellacking of Democrats. That's why President Barack Obama's re-election
campaign considers Georgia a swing state.

In some areas, minorities are becoming a significant force, such as the Asian
bloc that rose from 9 percent to 25 percent in a Gwinnett County legislative
district currently represented by Republican Rep. Brooks Coleman.

Such demographic shifts have profound policy implications. Not only are voters
eager to elect candidates who look like them, they also push different
priorities.

For example, the logic that sways them isn't the same as the establishment
politicians. Warnings from a Chamber of Commerce about burdens on employers hold
little sway with some emerging voting blocs because they are listening to
different constituencies.

Even their personal styles are new. For instance, Rep. Sandra Scott, D-Rex,
acknowledges that as a black, she is accustomed to more volume and animation in
her conversations than her white colleagues.

"I talk loud. People think because the way I talk that I'm argumentative. That's
just the way I talk," she said. "That's my tone. That doesn't make me angry."

Another demographic gaining stature in some parts of Georgia came here to
retire. Some moved from other states or other parts of Georgia, and a
considerable number moved from the Upper Midwest by way of Florida.

Called "half backs," these northerners tried Florida for a few years and grew
tired of the expense, traffic, storms and sand but didn't want to return all the
way back to the winters of their original homes.

Retirees present a different challenge for redistricting, notes Doug Bachtel,
demographer at the University of Georgia.

"They tend to vote against things because they want to leave everything exactly
as they found it," he said.

Whether the retiree voters are consolidated into one district or disbursed and
diluted will have an impact on elections to come.

Lower-income people move, too. Only they're moving across town, according to the
Census figures.

Long moves are expensive, notes Bachtel. Moves are generally prompted by better
jobs, which is why the people migrating from out of state tend to have higher
incomes.

Those making local moves are often seeking to save a few bucks on monthly rent,
meaning they're rarely trading up in economic status, he said.

Their lack of stability weakens their potential political impact. So putting a
neighborhood of transients into one district versus another has various
implications for incumbents and challengers in future elections.

Over the remaining two months before the legislature convenes in special session
to begin the redistricting process, you can bet that the demographics in the new
census data will be studied as carefully as the maps on where people live. Who
the voters are is as important as how many there are.

"There is probably no greater determinant of political majorities than
demographics," Rountree said.

So, the hearings around the state going on now by the joint redistricting
committee are demonstrating legislators' willingness to hear from the people.
Yet, much of the decisions will actually be based on these demographic
spreadsheets.

Walter Jones is the Atlanta bureau chief for the Times-Union and has been
covering state politics since 1998. He can also be reached at (404) 589-8424 or
on Twitter @MorrisNews.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: None

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Florida Times-Union


                              397 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            November 14, 2016 Monday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Zuckerberg promises 'to flag fake news';
Facebook CEO says network didn't affect election outcome

BYLINE: Jessica Guynn, and Kevin McCoy

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 627 words


Facebook is taking steps to eliminate fake  news and hoaxes that some critics
have suggested might have influenced the 2016 presidential election, CEO Mark
Zuckerberg says.

While reiterating earlier comments in which he said it was "extremely unlikely"
that phony stories posted on Facebook changed the election outcome, Zuckerberg
said work has already begun that would enable the social media giant's users "to
flag fake news and hoaxes."

"Our goal is to show people the content they will find most meaningful, and
people want accurate news," Zuckerberg wrote in a personal Facebook statement
posted Saturday night.

"This is an area where I believe we must proceed very carefully, though," said
Zuckerberg, who reasserted that "more than 99% of what people see is authentic."

Zuckerberg provided no specifics about how Facebook's News Feed might be
changed, cautioning that "this work often takes longer than we'd like in order
to confirm changes we make won't introduce unintended side effects or bias into
the system."

He encouraged Facebook's millions of worldwide users to follow updates online.

The latest statements responded to growing criticism of Facebook's ascendant
power to sway public opinion. He initially dismissed suggestions that fake
stories -- such as ones that stated Pope Francis had supported Donald Trump --
played no a role in the Republican presidential nominee's victory over Democrat
Hillary Clinton.

"To think it influenced the election in any way is a pretty crazy idea,"
Zuckerberg said Thursday at the Techonomy conference in Half Moon Bay, Calif.

Zuckerberg's combined comments on the issue back-to-back statements came as
Trump's win prompted Silicon Valley soul searching, with some wondering whether
tools created in U.S. tech world's capital might have run amok.

Social media has increasingly become a go-to news source. Nearly half of
Americans get their news from Facebook, according to the Pew Research Center. In
contrast, just two in 10 U.S. adults get news from print newspapers.

Through this all, Facebook has resisted calls that it's become a de facto news
publisher, exercising editorial judgment with the power to sway the minds of
billions, and instead reiterated that it's simply a technology platform.

Zuckerberg reiterated that stance again, saying "I believe we must be extremely
cautious about becoming arbiters of the truth ourselves," he wrote.

"Identifying the 'truth' is complicated. While some hoaxes can be completely
debunked, a greater amount of content, including from mainstream sources, often
gets the basic idea right but some details wrong or omitted," Zuckerberg wrote.

Even more Facebook news stories "express an opinion that many will disagree
with" and incorrectly flag them as inaccurate, he added.

"I am confident we can find ways for our community to tell us what content is
most meaningful, but I believe we must be extremely cautious about becoming
arbiters of the truth ourselves," Zuckerberg wrote.

But the growing news source is also experiencing growing pains.

While fake news has posed a longstanding challenge for Facebook, the problem
appeared to accelerate during the election.

President Obama addressed the issue during a pre-election Michigan rally for
Clinton last week.

"And people, if they just repeat attacks enough, and outright lies over and over
again, as long as it's on Facebook and people can see it, as long as it's on
social media, people start believing it. And it creates this dust cloud of
nonsense," Obama said.

"It is a very good thing if people in Silicon Valley are contemplating the
consequences of the inventions they delivered to an unsuspecting world," Silicon
Valley forecaster Paul Saffo said. "The fact that there's any reflection going
on at all is a very good sign."

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Martin E. Klimek, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 15, 2008 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

We're all susceptible to irrational behavior;
Being educated or smart is no defense

BYLINE: Bruce Rosenstein

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 531 words


Sway: The Irresistible Pull of Irrational Behavior

By Ori Brafman and Rom Brafman

Doubleday, 206 pages, $21.95

You may think that other people act irrationally, but you're too smart and
sophisticated. Dream on, say Ori Brafman and Rom Brafman in their brief, summer
release, Sway: The Irresistible Pull of Irrational Behavior.

The brothers Brafman -- Ori was co-author of last year's hit book The Starfish
and The Spider and Rom is a psychologist -- demonstrate that education and
sophistication do not disqualify you from doing things against your best
interest and those of others.

Some irrational acts are harmless. But others can be fatal, as related in two
stories included here. Emergency room doctors dismiss the symptoms of a
2-year-old girl because of the behavior of her mother, who brings the child to
the ER three days in a row.

On the third visit, the girl loses consciousness and dies. The authors say the
ER doctors were swayed by diagnosis bias, the premature labeling of a person or
situation that keeps us from seeing what's really taking place.

One of the most compelling stories is about the ill-fated pilot of KLM Flight
4805, Jacob Van Zanten, head of the airline's safety program. He was at the
controls for the worst aviation accident in history, in which 583 people died on
March 27, 1977, at the Tenerife airport in the Canary Islands. A chain of events
leads him to hurry a takeoff that he shouldn't have made in the first place,
crashing into another Boeing 747 on the runway.

Some of the book is based on interviews conducted by the Brafmans, one of which
is with Dan Ariely, author of the best-seller Predictably Irrational: The Hidden
Forces That Shape Our Decisions.

Others come from published case studies and psychological research. It's when
you read the notes section, where they detail their research, that you realize
you've entered a different world. They cite journals reserved for professional
specialists, the type of reading most of us do not have on our nightstand:
Pediatric Endocrinology Review, Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin and
British Journal of Psychiatry, to name a few.

Other irrational pitfalls awaiting us, even if we think we know better:

*Value attribution. That's when first impressions sway you into not recognizing
the inherent worth of someone or something. An example is based on a Washington
Post story in which the famous classical musician Joshua Bell, dressed not in
concert attire but in jeans and a baseball cap, plays his $3.5 million
Stradivarius violin to unsuspecting and unimpressed subway riders in Washington,
D.C.

*Loss aversion. The authors claim Capt. Van Zanten fell victim to this one. A
perceived loss -- in his case a blot on his safety record -- helped caused him
to attempt his fatal takeoff. In the economic sphere, the thought of a price
increase or a possible loss can cause us to do irrational things like sign up
for a cellphone contract that costs too much.

The Brafmans are amiable guides to their subject. After reading this book you'll
think twice before your next big decision. And next time you're in a hurry and
about to do something rash, take a deep breath and remember  Capt. Van Zanten.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W
PHOTO, B/W, Photos by Josyn Herce
PHOTO, B/W
PHOTO, B/W

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             March 20, 2007 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bill Bucks Publicly Funded Campaigns

BYLINE: JOSH POLTILOVE and CARLOS MONCADA, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 732 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


VOTE POSTPONED, BUT HEARING ON IT IS TODAY

By JOSH POLTILOVE and CARLOS MONCADA

The Tampa Tribune

TALLAHASSEE - Cities and counties should not spend public money to court voters
on issues, a St. Petersburg lawmaker says.

Democratic Sen. Charlie Justice's bill to prevent this comes a year after the
city of St. Pete Beach spent tax money on magnetic signs affixed to emergency
vehicles urging voters to reject several county charter amendments. Many
Pinellas cities feared the amendments would usurp their powers.

Justice revamped the bill after encountering resistance in the Senate Ethics and
Elections Committee March 8 from lawmakers who argued the bill was too
restrictive.

A vote on his bill was postponed, but it returns to a hearing today. Justice
thinks he has produced an amendment that will ease committee members' concerns.

If the bill becomes law, local officials would face $1,000 fines each time they
spend public money to take stances on referendums, amendments or other elections
issues, according to a staff analysis.

Justice said the way his bill is shaped, it can be interpreted that if a local
official uses a phone from city hall to tell a reporter his position on an issue
such as a sales tax, he would be fined. The official also would be in violation
if he used a city copier to copy a letter expressing his opinion.

Justice said that such things were not his intent.

"If you overly interpret the bill, I think technically it might have been
flawed" without the amendment, he said.

Justice said he hopes the amendment will make the bill more clear that his
intent is to address spending public money for TV advertisements and similar
uses.

He worked with Sen. Bill Posey, R-Rockledge, to change the bill's language.
Posey was one of the senators to express concern about the bill's wording March
8.

"I don't like to see government spend their money buying TV ads, doing big
mailouts and stuff," Posey said at that meeting. "In all fairness I think they
should feel free to advocate ... for whatever they feel necessary to advocate
for. And I think the normal tools that are given to them should be available for
them."

In 1991, the Florida Supreme Court determined it is legal for local governments
to spend public money to sway voters' minds on a local referendum, a House
committee analysis shows.

Justice's bill comes after two recent instances in which governments in Pinellas
County spent money on voting issues.

Pinellas County officials recently spent more than $70,000 in taxpayer money for
what they called a public education campaign about the benefits of the "Penny
for Pinellas" sales tax, which a fraction of the county's voters agreed last
week to extend for another decade. Although the county did not urge people to
vote "yes," some critics claimed that tax money was being used to sway voters.

In St. Pete Beach last year, the "vote no" signs remained on police and fire
department vehicles for about five days "before the outcry from the residents
got too much for them," said Harry Metz, a political activist who won election
to a St. Pete Beach City Commission seat last week.

"The city should not sway any vote," Metz said. "The city should be independent
of what the people are going to vote on. They should give the correct
information to the residents and let the residents make their minds up."

(CHART) WHAT'S NEXT

Senate Bill 734 goes to the Ethics and Elections Committee today. It has two
other committee stops. House Bill 749 has two committee stops. A time hasn't
been scheduled for the House bill to be heard.

SPONSORS

SB 734: Sen. Charlie Justice, D-St. Petersburg, justice.charlie.web@
flsenate.gov, (850) 487-5075.

HB 749: Rep. Janet Long, D-St. Petersburg, janet.long@myfloridahouse.gov, (850)
488-6197

TRACK BILLS:

www.flhouse.gov or www.flsenate.gov

Reporter Josh Poltilove can be reached at jpoltilove@tampatrib.com or (850)
222-8382. Reporter Carlos Moncada can be reached at cmoncada@tampatrib.com or
(727) 451-2333.

Photo credit: Tribune photo by JAY CONNER

Photo: State Sen. Charlie Justice's bill would prohibit local governments from
using public money to take stances on referendums, such as for the "Penny for
Pinellas" signs.

Photo: Charlie Justice

Officials to face $1,000 fines under his bill. Officials to face $1,000 fines
under his bill.

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: LEGISLATURE 2007

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 2 CHART

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              400 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    July 20, 1994, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Strong acting turns Grisham novel into compelling nail-biter

BYLINE: BILL BROWNSTEIN; GAZETTE

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT: SHOW; Pg. B4/BREAK

LENGTH: 571 words


John Grisham is the McDonald's of the book-publishing world. The former
lawyer-turned-thriller author cranks out product that's palatable and quickly
consumed.

As a consequence, millions and millions are sold. As another consequence,
Grisham's books become films faster than the author can count his gargantuan
royalties.

The Client, which was published and struck gold on the book charts just over a
year ago, is the latest - but certainly not the last - Grisham opus to make it
to the big screen. For those who keep track of things like quality, however, The
Client proved to be most problematic of the recent spate of Grisham offerings.
And considering that Grisham's superior pulp thrillers The Firm and The Pelican
Brief had slightly rocky rides on screen last year, the prognosis for the movie
adaptation of The Client was not rosy.

Well, darn if Client director Joel (Falling Down) Schumacher doesn't prove the
skeptics dead wrong.

Sure, the flick is beset with the same convoluted plotting that plagued the
book, but Schumacher distracts us by assembling a killer cast, and he somehow
succeeds in crafting one of the more compelling nail-biters to pass our way this
year. Tommy Lee Jones, Susan Sarandon and new-kid-on-the-block Brad Renfro do
for The Client what Tom Cruise and Julia Roberts, respectively, couldn't do for
The Firm and The Pelican Brief. They kick butt.

Newcomer Renfro was picked for the part - just about from a police lineup - of
the wise-ass kid-hero with the adult-sized attitude and street smarts. The
11-year-old, who comes from a broken home, was recommended for the role by a
social-services officer in Tennessee who thought his client was tailor-made for
the part.

Renfro is remarkable

Sign that officer up. Renfro is remarkable as reprobate Mark Sway, who
unwittingly witnesses the suicide of a Mob lawyer in the boonies. Sway had hiked
into the bush simply to share some of the finer points on smoking cigarettes
with his younger brother. After catching the grisly suicide, however, the
younger brother goes into a coma, and Sway must flee for his life.

It seems the Mob is convinced that the lawyer has identified the killer of a
U.S. senator and the whereabouts of his body to Sway. "Reverend" Roy Foltrigg
(Tommy Lee Jones), a slick, Bible-thumping federal prosecutor with grand
political aspirations, is also convinced that the kid has picked up valuable
info about the senator's killing.

Foltrigg naturally wants the kid to spill his guts to the state - without much
regard for his welfare. But the kid has watched too much TV to fall for that
kind of ploy. He does the American thing: he hires lawyer Reggie Love (Susan
Sarandon).

Reggie may have a questionable practice and a past, but the kid puts the screws
to her to protect his rights and engineer a sweetheart deal for him and his
family.

Admittedly, the premise is preposterous - even for a Grisham story.

But the actors loom larger than the script and keep us riveted to the screen
with performances that cut right to the bone. They've taken a pedestrian caper
and helped to transform it into an explosive summer escape.

And they will have made Grisham an even richer man.

Perhaps the author ought to consider sharing resulting royalties with the cast.

* The Client is playing at the Loews, Famous Players 8, Dorval and Cine-Laval
theatres. Parents' Guide: violence, language.***1/2

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: Young Mark Sway (Brad Renfro) is comforted by his lawyer, Reggie Love
(Susan Sarandon).(EARLY)
Brad Renfro and David Speck in The Client.

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                               May 8, 2011 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

ALBARADO, BRUISED, FINDS WIN

BYLINE: BY JERRY BOSSERT

SECTION: SPORTS; DERBY INSIDER; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 524 words


LOUISVILLE - A battered and bruised Robby Albarado found the winner's circle on
Derby day.

Taken off his Derby mount, Animal Kingdom, because of injuries suffered in a
freak accident on Wednesday when he was kicked in the face by his mount, Smoke'n
Al, Albarado brought home Sassy Image in an upset in yesterday's Grade I Humana
Distaff.

"To win any race today would have been great," said the 37-year-old rider. "I
just want to thank (trainer) Dale (Romans) for sticking with me."

Albarado, riding with a shield to protect his broken nose and swollen,
black-and-blue face, rallied Sassy Image from fifth-place to reel in heavily
favored Hilda's Passion by three lengths.

"Physically I feel great," Albarado said. "It's more cosmetic than anything. I
feel better than I look. Just the bruising - it doesn't hurt. My nose is broken
and I have a little laceration above my eye. Having said that, I'm lucky to be
back here and riding on Derby Day in Kentucky."

Sassy Image, sent off at 16-1, as the longest price in the field of seven,
returned $34.20 to win after stopping the clock in 1:21.01 for the seven-furlong
distance.

"It's unfortunate I got taken off the horse in the Derby but that's horse
racing, you know, it happens," the jockey said. "Down the road I'll be happy to
get on any horse for Mr. Irwin or Mr. Graham (Motion)."

Barry Irwin owns Animal Kingdom and Graham Motion is the trainer. Jockey John
Velazquez picked up the mount on Animal Kingdom for the Derby after Uncle Mo was
scratched on Friday.

READY TO RACE

Regally Ready has found a home on the grass.

After winning just two of his first seven starts on dirt or synthetic surfaces,
the 4-year-old gelding has now won five of his last six on the grass, including
yesterday's Grade III $100,000 Twin Spires Turf Sprint by a length and a quarter
over Bridgetown.

Ridden by Corey Nakatani, Regally Ready returned $8.80 as the third-choice in
the field of eight, running the five furlongs in :56.57.

"This makes me three for three on him," Nakatani said. "This horse is only going
to get better."

Favored Chamberlain Bridge could only get up for third after a slow start.

KEEPING SWAY

Sway Away, bumped from the Kentucky Derby, continues to prepare for the
Preakness Stakes on May 21 after breezing six furlongs in 1:11.60 over the famed
Churchill Downs' strip yesterday.

Sway Away came up just short with only $111,500 in graded earnings, right behind
Derby Kitten, who got into the field with $120,000. In his last start, the
3-year-old colt finished fourth beaten by 3 1/4 lengths in the Arkansas Derby on
April 16.

On Friday, Norman Asbjornson breezed at mile at Pimlico in 1:40 for the
Preakness. Norman Asbjornson was a troubled fourth in his last start, the April
9 Wood Memorial at Aqueduct.

HOW MUCH YA BET?

All-sources wagered on Friday's 12-race Kentucky Oaks card set an Oaks Day
record at $37.5 million, including a record on-track handle of $12.1 million
according to Churchill officials.

The all-source handle was up 4.2% over $36 million set last year. The on-track
handle was up 2.1% from a record of $11.9 million. The on-track attendance of
110,122 was the third highest of all time.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THE BIG PICTURE RED ALERT: Red roses frame the grandstand at Churchill
Downs yesterday before the running of the 137th Kentucky Derby. Photo by Reuters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Daily News, L.P.


                              402 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            October 10, 2008 Friday

Financial rescue bill turns into pork-filled pie

BYLINE: TELEGRAPH HERALD

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 465 words


If watching the sausage being made makes you a little squeamish about consuming
the finished product, you won't want to look too closely at the financial
bailout bill Congress passed last week. It's not for the queasy stomach. For
many lawmakers, the measure fell into the category of "hold your nose and vote
for it."

It needed to be done. Doing nothing was far more dangerous than adopting the
bailout. But lawmakers didn't like the idea of committing $700 billion in
taxpayer dollars to rescue Wall Street. From a taxpayer standpoint, that wasn't
the only unpalatable part of the bill. In the scramble to get votes to save the
financial sector - an effort that may or may not succeed, given global markets'
response - backers went to the larder and loaded up the bill with all kinds of
pork. Anything to sway wavering lawmakers. What got baked in the bailout pie was
an assortment of tax "sweeteners" to make the measure easier to swallow. Now
some of these items, one could argue, might have an impact on the nation's
economic crisis, so they are easier to justify. However, you would have a hard
time finding anyone who could say the financial slump may be propped up a bit by
repealing the tax on toy arrows. Yes. It's in there. Presumably to sway Oregon's
delegation, a provision was added to the bill to repeal a 39-cent tax on
children's wooden arrows - just like the ones made at Rose City Archery, a
company in Myrtle Point, Ore. Repealing the tax isn't necessarily bad. Why were
we taxing children's wooden arrows in the first place? The tax was meant to
apply to adult archery arrows which can sell for $8 a piece, not the kids toys
that sell for 30 cents a piece. The point is, it's a pretty telling statement
about how government works when we have children's wooden arrows sticking out of
our bailout bill. If it makes your stomach feel any better, there is good news.
Some of the pork stuck in there really is good for most Americans. Like the
Alternative Minimum Tax exemption. The "stealth" tax was originally intended to
make rich people with tax shelters pay their fair share. That made sense - at
the time. Created in 1969, the tax closed loopholes for Americans earning close
to six figures. Now, four decades and a whole lot of inflation later, six
figures does not go as far as it used to. This year, the bill would have socked
20 million middle-class taxpayers with a huge tax bill had Congress not passed
the exemption. It's a problem lawmakers need to fix permanently. Maybe the AMT
fix didn't belong in the bailout bill. But, at least it helped the middle class.
And it is a lot easier to stomach than the tax relief for stock car makers and
movie producers also stuck in the bailout bill. Editorials reflect the consensus
of the Telegraph Herald Editorial Board.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             March 18, 2001, Sunday

Irish influence lingers in NYC; Numbers down: They've moved to the suburbs, but
they still hold sway over cultural affairs

BYLINE: ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: Pg. b13

LENGTH: 495 words


NEW YORK (AP) - The city seemed Irish on St. Patrick's Day, with all the
politicians clad in cable-knit sweaters and Emerald Societies marching to the
skirl of bagpipes in the annual parade Saturday. But the census numbers tell a
different story.

New York's Irish - who once held sway at City Hall and the police department -
are dropping in number.

For the first time, the white population in the city of 8 million has fallen
below 50 percent. Although specific ethnic breakdowns are not yet available from
the Census Bureau, scholars say a new cycle has emerged.

New immigrants, particularly Asians and Hispanics, are reinvigorating faded
neighborhoods vacated by groups such as the Irish, whose exodus over the past
several decades has helped fuel suburban growth.

Yet as the new New Yorkers strive to gain influence in the city - no Asian, for
example, has ever won election to a citywide office - established ethnic groups
continue to hold sway over cultural and civic affairs in the nation's biggest
city.

"The Irish importance in New York is far greater than their numbers today,
because of their historical relationship in defining the culture and politics of
the city," said Mitchell Moss, director of New York University's Taub Urban
Research Center.

In 1950, nearly 145,000 New Yorkers had been born in Ireland; by 1990, the
figure had dropped to 31,000. Ancestry is a more difficult figure to come by -
the Census Bureau just started collecting that data in 1990 - but a similar
trend is suspected.

The suburbs of Long Island, Westchester, Rockland and Orange counties have
become the areas of greatest growth for the Ancient Order of Hibernians, a
social group open to Roman Catholics of Irish descent.

The New York City group began in 1836, and its membership used to number in the
several thousands. Officials now estimate it stands at only 1,800.

Despite the Irish exodus to the suburbs, Moss said, they still play an outsized
role in higher education, health care and the literary and cultural life of the
city. The fire department and the construction and restaurant trades are
employment strongholds.

"The Irish needed politics to get ahead," said John Concannon, the archivist of
the AOH. "Now it's a lot different. We're more sophisticated; we can get ahead
in better ways."

The highest end of the Irish social spectrum is the elite Friendly Sons of St.
Patrick, started more than two centuries ago as a social and charitable group
that aided Irish immigrants.

Last week, as part of its annual male-only St. Patrick's Day dinner, the group's
glee club performed Gaelic airs. First Tenor Tom Corrigan, an insurance
executive, said the Friendly Sons has become a more upscale, business-oriented
networking organization.

"The Irish have moved on," he said. "If you go out to Nassau, Suffolk counties"
on Long Island, "you still see Irish politicians. It's broadening our base.
We've taken it outside of the ghetto."

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001, Telegraph-Herald


                              404 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Inspection of crashed bus focus of defense

BYLINE: by MATTHEW SANTONI

LENGTH: 677 words


The Port Authority of Allegheny County bus Juliann Maier crashed off Interstate
279 in September 2014 was old and had a reputation for instability, but
inspections failed to point to any mechanical causes, officials testified
Tuesday.

Police and prosecutors say Maier, 47, of Ross was "racing" south on I-279 with a
bus being driven by Thomas Frauens, 57, of Brookline when she clipped Frauens'
bus, lost control and crashed over a hillside.

Both drivers are charged with reckless endangerment; Frauens faces an additional
charge of leaving the scene of an accident. In a report entered into evidence
Tuesday, Frauens denied there was contact between the buses and says he didn't
contact police. Both deny racing.

In the second day of Maier and Frauens' bench trial before Common Pleas
President Judge Jeffrey A. Manning, several prosecution witnesses testified they
didn't see any of the mechanical problems that Maier's defense attorney says
were the true cause of the crash. One testified, however, there had been
problems with the bus before.

Port Authority mechanic Jeffrey Rapp said six months before the crash, another
driver complained the bus was swaying excessively "" so much so that she later
filed a worker's compensation claim over injuries she said it caused to her neck
and back.

Rapp and another mechanic agreed that something seemed wrong with the bus on a
test drive, he said, but they didn't find any problems other than a loose bolt
on part of the steering, which they tightened before putting the bus back into
service.

"We felt a little something "" we weren't sure what it was, but we felt
something," Rapp said. "You know when something just doesn't feel correct."

In response to questions from Joel Sansone, Maier's attorney, Rapp agreed he
hadn't gotten the bus up to highway speeds on his test drive.

Maier's bus had 334,000 miles on it, was 13 years old at the time of the crash
and was from a batch of buses that had a reputation for swaying and instability,
Sansone said.

"Did you know the average work-life of these 1500(-series) buses is seven years?
That this bus was at least six years past that time frame?" he asked Pittsburgh
police Officer Ryan Carr, one of two commercial vehicle inspectors for the
department. He examined the bus after the crash and didn't find any damage he
believed existed before the bus rolled down an embankment.

"The bus was extensively damaged," Carr said. "Sometimes it's difficult when you
have that much post-crash damage to put the pieces together."

Carr said the sway bar, part of the suspension that keeps the bus from rocking
and swaying side-to-side when it turns, did not appear to be damaged.

Sansone said Carr didn't notice a larger gap in a piece connected to the sway
bar, presenting a photo indicating the gap and evidence that the sway bar had
been fixed at least once before. The gap became more apparent when an inspector
hired by the defense put the bus on jacks, Sansone said. Carr inspected the bus
from a maintenance pit in Port Authority's garage.

Sansone said there were motor oil and metal shavings in the power steering
system instead of power steering fluid, a hole in the air brakes' line and a
wobbly brake pedal that Carr's inspection failed to detect.

Rapp testified that the manual from the buses' manufacturer, Gillig, states that
a certain grade of motor oil can be used in the hydraulic system for the
steering and radiator fan, though Sansone pointed out a passage in the same
manual that says not to use motor oil.

Sansone questioned both witnesses over the fact that the two air brakes on the
front of Maier's bus didn't match, which he said is banned by state vehicle
safety standards and recommended against by major brake manufacturers. Rapp
testified that although he wouldn't have let a bus with mixed brakes pass
inspection, he didn't believe it would have affected the brakes' performance in
an emergency.

Testimony is scheduled to continue Wednesday.

Matthew Santoni is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach him at 412 391 0927 or
msantoni@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              405 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Inspection of crashed bus focus of defense

BYLINE: by MATTHEW SANTONI

LENGTH: 681 words


The Port Authority of Allegheny County bus that Juliann Maier crashed off
Interstate 279 in September 2014 was old and had a reputation for instability,
but inspections failed to point to any mechanical causes, officials testified
Tuesday.

Police and prosecutors say Maier, 47, of Ross was "racing" south on I-279 with a
bus being driven by Thomas Frauens, 57, of Brookline when she clipped Frauens'
bus, lost control and tumbled over a hillside.

Both drivers are charged with reckless endangerment; Frauens faces an additional
charge of leaving the scene of an accident. In a report entered into evidence
Tuesday, Frauens denied there was contact between the buses and says he did not
contact police. Both deny racing.

In the second day of Maier and Frauens' bench trial before Common Pleas
President Judge Jeffrey A. Manning, several prosecution witnesses testified that
they did not see any of the mechanical problems that Maier's defense attorney
says were the true cause of the crash. One testified, however, that there had
been problems with the bus before.

Port Authority mechanic Jeffrey Rapp said six months before the crash, another
driver complained the bus was swaying excessively "" so much so that she later
filed a workers' compensation claim over injuries she said it caused to her neck
and back.

Rapp and another mechanic agreed that something seemed wrong with the bus on a
test drive, he said, but they did not find any problems other than a loose bolt
on part of the steering, which they tightened before putting the bus back into
service.

"We felt a little something "" we weren't sure what it was, but we felt
something," Rapp said. "You know when something just doesn't feel correct."

In response to questions from Joel Sansone, Maier's attorney, Rapp agreed he had
not gotten the bus up to highway speeds on his test drive.

Maier's bus had 334,000 miles on it, was 13 years old at the time of the crash
and was from a batch of buses that had a reputation for swaying and instability,
Sansone said.

"Did you know the average work-life of these 1500(-series) buses is seven years?
That this bus was a least six years past that time frame?" he asked Pittsburgh
police Officer Ryan Carr, one of two commercial vehicle inspectors for the
department. He examined the bus after the crash and did not find any damage he
believed existed before the vehicle rolled down an embankment.

"The bus was extensively damaged," Carr said. "Sometimes it's difficult when you
have that much post-crash damage to put the pieces together."

Carr said the sway bar, part of the suspension that keeps the bus from rocking
and swaying side-to-side when it turns, did not appear to be damaged.

Sansone said Carr did not notice a larger gap in a piece connected to the sway
bar, presenting a photo indicating the gap and evidence that the sway bar had
been fixed at least once before. The gap became more apparent when an inspector
hired by the defense put the bus on jacks, Sansone said. Carr inspected the bus
from a maintenance pit in Port Authority's garage.

Sansone said there were motor oil and metal shavings in the power steering
system instead of power steering fluid, a hole in the air brakes' line and a
wobbly brake pedal that Carr's inspection failed to detect.

Rapp testified that the manual from the buses' manufacturer, Gillig, states that
a certain grade of motor oil can be used in the hydraulic system for the
steering and radiator fan, though Sansone pointed out a passage in the same
manual that says not to use motor oil.

Sansone questioned both witnesses over the fact that the two air brakes on the
front of Maier's bus did not match, which he said is banned by state vehicle
safety standards and recommended against by major brake manufacturers. Rapp
testified that although he would not have let a bus with mixed brakes pass
inspection, he didn't believe it would have affected the brakes' performance in
an emergency.

Testimony is scheduled to continue Wednesday.

Matthew Santoni is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach him at 412 391 0927 or
msantoni@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 1, 2008 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Track Offers Alternative to Street Racing

BYLINE: By DARA-LYN SHRAGER

SECTION: Section NJ; Column 0; New Jersey Weekly Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 535 words

DATELINE: Waterford Township


HIGH school students who bring their prom tickets to Atco Raceway here can get
in free on Tuesday, Thursday and Friday for Street Nights, when teenagers with a
need for speed can try legal racing on Atco's tracks. All that is required is a
car, a helmet and a passion for the rush between burnout and shutdown on a
quarter-mile track.

It's not your standard prom after-party; it's an increasingly popular
alternative to shore runs and house parties.

On a recent Thursday night at Atco, 18-year-old Nicole Garrano adjusted a safety
harness across her narrow frame, tucked her blond ponytail into her helmet and
rolled  her customized blue Camaro to the top of Staging Lane 1.

''Go get 'em, Peaches!'' shouted a  man working  behind the giant rear tires of
a red dragster painted with yellow flames.

Seconds later, Ms. Garrano spun her wheels to heat and clean them for the race,
sending plumes of white steam into the cool evening air.

The Sway family, owners and operators of Atco Raceway, said they started Street
Nights because they wanted to do something to reduce  the high number of teen
deaths attributed   each year to  illegal drag racing. The National Highway
Traffic Safety Administration  reported 150 deaths in the United States in 2006
as a result of illegal street racing.

The Sways are taking part in a national campaign, originally developed by the
National Hot Rod Association, now in partnership with AAA, to get teenagers  off
the streets and on the track.

''The thing with racing is,  either you like it or you don't,''  said Kevin Sway
, 32, manager of Atco and a professional drag racer. ''And if you like it, you
love it.''

Currently, Atco is one of the hot rod association's 140   member tracks.

Others  involved in legitimate racing have expressed concern over the
involvement of young people in illegal street racing and are also campaigning
against it.

Street Scene Revolution's Evo Street Racers, a national nonprofit motorsports
association that focuses on curtailing illegal racing, has what it calls a
Tragedy Tower on its Web site, www.evostreetracers.com. It lists  the names of
people, most  ages  16 to 20, who have died as a result of illegal street
racing. A tribute to Michael J. Raffo Jr., an 18-year-old from Connecticut, who
died as a passenger in a street racing accident,  includes a letter  to him from
his  mother.

''The tears and heartache will never stop,'' it says.

By 10 p.m. on one of Atco's  recent Street Nights, the concession stands in the
parking lot were teeming with teenagers taking a break from the noise and the
heat of the races to buy soft pretzels, popcorn and French fries. They stood
around, in small packs, laughing and eyeing one another.

As her car idled before the start of her race, Ms. Garrano said:  ''I started
coming out here with my dad when I was 12.  I was a junior dragster then.

''I come out now because I still like the speed.  And every weekend, at Atco, I
learn something new.''

Under the haze of yellow lights, cars pressed  slowly toward the track, and a
red dragster with blue stripes emerged from the unlit reaches of the giant
asphalt field. Though nobody stopped talking, everybody turned to look.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: LINING UP: Atco Raceway, where professionals compete in
dragsters, also gives amateur drivers, including teenagers,  a chance to drag
race street-legal cars in quarter-mile events. Left: Nicole Garrano, 18, in her
customized Camaro. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY LAURA PEDRICK FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              407 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           August 26, 2015 Wednesday

Reading Eagle, Pa., History Book column

BYLINE: Ron Devlin, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 636 words


Aug. 26--Reading, PA

TODAY'S SPONSOR:

Question: What was Reading's swinging bridge?

In 1886, the Philadelphia & Reading Railroad commissioned John A. Roebling &
Sons to construct a pedestrian bridge in Reading.

Located at the foot of Sixth Street, the bridge spanned the railroad's main line
and yard track east of the Outer Station.

Among the foremost designers of suspension bridges, Roebling designed the
Brooklyn Bridge, the Golden Gate Bridge and the George Washington Bridge in New
York.

With the closest underpass located two blocks north of the station, the railroad
feared pedestrians would risk walking across the tracks to get to the Outer
Station.

Roebling engineer Wilhelm Hildenbrand designed the bridge in October 1886, and
construction was completed the following year.

The bridge's main cables -- three 1 5/8-inch-thick wire cables -- were supported
by two steel 50-foot towers 275 feet apart. The ends of the cables were imbedded
in concrete anchors.

It's not known exactly why it was dubbed the "swinging" bridge, but engineers
believe it was because lateral bracing installed to reduce oscillations allowed
for sway.

Russell Angstadt has a less technical explanation.

"When we were kids during the Great Depression, we used to play on the bridge,"
said Angstadt, 89, a retired Spring Township engineer. "We used to get on the
bridge and get it swaying."

Some 23 feet above the tracks, the bridge offered kids a birds-eye view of steam
locomotives passing beneath.

"We'd be inundated in smoke," Angstadt recalls. "As kids, we thought that was a
lot of fun."

Historian George M. Meiser IX noted that an 1887 photograph in the Reading Eagle
showed a Sunday school class making the bridge sway as they walked across.

In 1964, the 77-year-old bridge was closed for safety reasons. Its access steps
were removed in 1967.

The Reading chapter of the American Society of Civil Engineers completed a study
for its preservation in May 1983. The study proposed the bridge be dismantled
and moved to a new location.

Conrail, which had acquired the Reading Railroad, hired Empire Wrecking to
dismantle the bridge. It was taken down on Oct. 7, 1983.

A Conrail spokesman said it was taken down for safety reasons.

Coming in the same month the Berks County Historical Society marked 150 years of
railroading in Reading, the demolition aroused the ire of historic
preservationists working to save the landmark. Indeed, an authentic steam
locomotive brought to Reading for the society's observation was stored nearby in
the Reading shops.

An example of great engineering by Roebling, the bridge was also symbolic of
Reading's golden age of railroading.

At the time, Meiser noted that a study showed the swinging bridge could have
been relocated to sites on the Tulpehocken Creek or the Schuylkill River.

Preservationists were raising the estimated $239,000 to renovate the bridge or
$600,000 to relocated it when Conrail demolished it.

Joel L. Caves, a Berks County civil engineer, chaired the fund drive.

"I'm flabbergasted," he told the Reading Eagle. "There are only a few of these
bridges left, and there's no way you can recreate that bridge."

Michael R. Lefevre, Reading's historic preservation coordinator, blasted
Conrail.

"I'm revolted that this happened," he said. "It was an unnecessary demolition."

The city managed to preserve a piece of the historic bridge.

One of its steel towers was relocated to Heritage Park on Canal Street, where it
stands today.

Ron Devlin's History Book is a weekly feature highlighting people, places and
topics from Berks County's past. Is there something that you're curious about?
Pose the question to Ron Devlin at 610-371-5030 or rdevlin@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2015 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150826-RE-Reading-Eagle-Pa-History-Book-column-0826-20150826

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2015 Reading Eagle


                              408 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                               May 5, 2008 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Committed Murray Turns Recruiter For Georgia

BYLINE: BRETT McMURPHY, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 844 words


PLANT'S QUARTERBACK SWAYS FUTURE PROSPECTS

By BRETT McMURPHY

The Tampa Tribune

TAMPA - Austin Long's head was spinning. The 6-foot-5, 270-pound junior from
Memphis, Tenn., hadn't decided where he would attend college.

Rated the nation's ninth-best offensive tackle by Scout.com, Long had offers
from several Southeastern Conference schools and also drew interest from Florida
State and North Carolina.

Long had heard hundreds of recruiting pitches from the most persuasive college
coaches in America. Ultimately, he was swayed by the words of a teenager from
Tampa.

A 17-year-old named Aaron Murray.

"I really thought about [where I would commit] and talked to my parents about it
and prayed about it," Long told the Atlanta-Journal Constitution. "Then I was
talking to Aaron Murray and he really helped. I asked him all kinds of questions
and if he was still happy now that he has committed.

"He told me he was happy and he was going to recruit me until I committed. He
told me he wanted to be a part of the No. 1 recruiting class."

One of the nation's top quarterbacks who threw for a state-record 51 TDs last
season, Murray has yet to attempt a pass for Georgia.

The Plant High junior can't even play until the fall of 2009, at the earliest.
But he made a huge impact on the college football landscape April 24 by
uttering: "I humbly and proudly accept my offer to the University of Georgia."

Then four days later, Long committed to the Bulldogs.

"Murray's commitment is huge for Georgia," said Jamie Newberg, national
recruiting analyst for Rivals.com. "You're talking about one of the top teams
going into this year and now they're getting one of the top quarterbacks in the
country.

"There's a lot of publicity surrounding that and the way things work now, with
kids texting each other and recruiting each other."

Murray said that after he committed to Georgia, he tracked down Long's number.

"He told me, 'you pretty much closed the deal,' " Murray said. "One of my goals
by committing early is [to] be that catalyst and leader for the '09 class for
Georgia. It's my opportunity to talk to some of the top guys in the nation and
sway them to our side.

"I look at it as my little job."

Murray, who received more than 50 scholarship offers, including one from
Colorado the day after his Georgia commitment, knows the stress from the
recruiting process.

"I didn't want to be another recruiter, harassing him," Murray said. "He asked
me why I chose Georgia over Florida and some other schools. I talked to him
about it. I told him we need to keep getting more guys like him.

"He was cool. We hit it off pretty good."

Murray's recruiting is contagious.

After Long committed, he said he immediately called Memphis Harding Academy's
Marlon Brown, rated the nation's No. 2 wide receiver by Rivals.com.

"I told him, I was going to start working on him," Long told the Atlanta
Journal-Constitution.

Georgia coach Mark Richt said, in general, players are committing earlier
because the recruiting process "can be very tiring."

"One of the big reasons is the amount of attention that recruiting gets," Richt
said. "It can be very tiring to the family and high school coach. There is so
much hype and so many entities that have the ability to call a house -
recruiting services, newspapers - there's so much of that going on, they get
tired of it.

"A coach would rather have a young man committed and settled so he can
concentrate on his senior season. He can breathe a sigh of relief and enjoy the
experience of being a senior and a leader."

Richt said it's natural for a committed player to seek other good players.

"All players want their class to be a good one," Richt said. "Those kids get to
know the [the other recruits]. They like to help the cause."

Newberg said commitments by high school juniors are up 500 percent from the same
time period five years ago. He questions why schools take the risk of getting so
many early commitments.

"If [a recruit] has a bad injury or does something stupid, a variety of things,
I often wonder why they offer so early," Newberg said. "You never know what
they'll do as a senior. Do they get lazy?

"I think Aaron will go in there and work his tail off, but committing early adds
more pressure. You have to live up to it."

Murray said committing early relieved a lot of stress. It also allowed him to
help persuade other blue-chip stars across the country that Georgia should be on
their mind.

"I try not to bug them too much," Murray said. "I don't want to be like a
recruiter. I'm just some kid who's gone through the [recruiting] process. I'm
just trying to help them out the best I can.

"I obviously favor Georgia and want to get some guys to Georgia with me."

Reporter Brett McMurphy can be reached at (813) 259-7928 or
bmcmurphy@tampatrib.com

Photo credit: Tribune photo by MICHAEL SPOONEYBARGER

Photo: Four days after Plant junior Aaron Murray announced his commitment to
Georgia, Austin Long, one of the country's top junior linemen, did the same.

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              409 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              June 13, 2011 Monday

Is Salt Lake City going bohemian?

BYLINE: By Elaine Jarvik Special To The Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; Friday Mix; Entertainment; Features

LENGTH: 1610 words


Last year, when Salt Lake City was named the seventh most "bohemian" metro area
in the United States and Canada, the typical response from locals was "huh?"

The ranking was compiled by The Creative Class Group and its founder, Richard
Florida, who for the past decade has argued that there are economic advantages
to cities that foster creativity. In Florida's reckoning, the term "bohemian" is
not about unconventionality; it's a spicy shorthand for places that have a high
concentration of visual artists, writers, musicians, entertainers and designers.

The greater Salt Lake area, according to the Creative Class Group, has 40
percent more artists and entertainers than other cities of the same size. That's
based on U.S. Census and Labor Statistics data.

It's an enticing image: Salt Lake City as a mecca for artists, dancers, theater
people and filmmakers. And therefore art lovers -- a city as artsy as, say,
Portland and Seattle.

Heck, even more artsy. Portland and Seattle didn't make the Top 10 list.

The numbers seem to point to something. But what? What kind of art are we making
here? As consumers of art and entertainment, what do we embrace, what do we shy
away from, what are we willing to pay for? And where, as an arts community, are
we headed?

Interviews with local arts leaders reveal a city that is still a little stodgy
and timid but also full of artistic energy, maybe even on the cusp of something
big.

--

What we're known for » First, a few snapshots of the Salt Lake City that people
expect:

We've bought more Broadway Across America -- Utah "Les Misérables" tickets per
capita than anywhere else ("Nobody else comes close," says Steve Boulay,
president of Magic Space Entertainment). And the family-friendly Hale Centre
Theatre is the biggest community theater in the country (on tap this season: yet
another production of "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat"). When
Pioneer Theatre Company, the state's largest professional stage, chose to
produce the musical "Rent," it was slotted as an add-on to the regular season,
in case subscribers would be turned off by the show's transvestite character and
many swear words.

Musically, the world knows us best for our all-volunteer Mormon Tabernacle
Choir, and we like making our own music. Our musical-instrument stores have
higher revenues than the national average, perhaps in part because we have so
many children, and thus young budding musicians. Although we're the 48th most
populous metro area in the nation, we rank sixth in new piano sales.

As authors, we're most successful nationally for our young-adult fiction and
nature essays, notes The King's English bookstore owner Betsy Burton. We're also
known for the best-selling, saccharine novels of Richard Paul Evans.

Like the rest of America's flyover zones, we love to make crafts. We can easily
produce enough local work to fill the 45,000-square-foot Quilted Bear crafts
mall, where the biggest sellers include baby hair bows and magnet boards.

Audiences in the state's capital are much more sophisticated than they were when
choreographer Joan Woodbury helped found the Ririe-Woodbury dance company in
1964. Still, there are limits to our edginess, Woodbury says: "Nudity never
sells here."

--

On another verge? » But all that predictability is only part of our creative
story.

"I came here because I think Salt Lake is at an interesting moment of growth,"
says Micol Hebron, who took over as senior curator of exhibitions at the Salt
Lake Art Center last summer after launching her career in Los Angeles.

An artist herself, with an MFA from UCLA in "new genres art," Hebron brings a
heightened multimedia vibe to the Utah art scene. She also hopes to raise the
global profile of Utah's visual artists and galleries, who tend not to promote
themselves outside the state.

As galleries on each coast have closed down in the recession and beyond, there
are opportunities for Utah galleries to fill the void, she says. "The [Utah] art
world hasn't seized on that yet."

Compared with the visual art in larger metro areas, says Meri DeCaria,
director/curator of Phillips Gallery, "our art is more soulful," not as slick
and commercial as the art for sale in more cosmopolitan cities. "What we have
here is art we can live with."

Tourists like the fact that our paintings and sculptures tend to be more of a
bargain than in other cities; but that also means that when Utah artists sell
their work to more expensive out-of-state galleries they price themselves out of
the local market. Utah buyers, both commercial and private, are sometimes stingy
about paying for art and design, notes designer Kevin Perry, board president of
the local chapter of AIGA, the professional association for design.

Sales figures bear that out: The 2009 Creative Vitality Index, compiled by the
Western States Arts Foundation, shows Utah art gallery and individual artist
sales to be much lower than the national average.

---

Attracting 'creatives' » On the plus side, Salt Lake City and County have
invested in a growing collection of whimsical public art pieces. Art and whimsy
also won out over same old-same old recently in a vacant lot that awaits the
construction of the Ballet West dance center next to the Capitol Theater.
Instead of using the allotted $36,000 to temporarily fence and landscape the
lot, the county agreed to fund an international design/build competition.

Mastermind of the "Fluid Adagio" project was Greg Walker, the president of the
state's Young Architects Forum of the American Institute of Architects. The city
is at an artistic crossroads, says Walker, a moment in our history when we can
choose business as usual or be willing to take more risks.

"The more the design landscape changes, the more there's momentum, and then it
snowballs," Walker says. Collaboration with other local designers, across
disciplines, is part of a collective, generational ethos. He adds: "There are a
lot of outrageously talented designers in Salt Lake now."

Because of the Internet, it's easier now to vie for clients all over the world,
so it's not so essential to be based in a major city. Utah is able to lure
"creatives" looking for a lower cost of living and easy access to outdoor
recreation.

"Utah is getting a reputation as a creative city," says Jason Bangerter, of the
digital design studio StruckAxiom. StruckAxiom, whose clients range from Old
Spice to "Shrek," the movie, has also opened offices in Portland, New York and
Los Angeles.

Salt Lake City is less "ego-driven," adds design visionary Stephen Goldsmith,
who 30 years ago started ArtSpace, the city's first live/work apartments for
local artists.

When colleagues around the world question why Goldsmith stays, one reason he
offers: "Here you don't have to raise a flag and say 'Look at me, I have ideas.'
"

And it's easier, in some ways, to be the audience here. The fact that there's
relatively less going on is a bonus, says Utah Arts Council performing arts
coordinator Jason Bowcutt, who moved back to Salt Lake City after 12 years in
Manhattan, where he co-founded the New York Innovative Theater Awards for
Off-Off-Broadway work. "New York is so demanding. And you have to be wealthy to
experience a lot of it."

--

We, the audience » Before Adam Sklute moved from Chicago's Joffrey Ballet to
Salt Lake City to become artistic director of Ballet West, he got this typical
reaction: Utah audiences will only want traditional fare.

But Sklute, who moved to town in 2007, reports that Utahns not only are as
well-versed as audiences in New York and Chicago but also embrace new works.

Per capita, Ballet West draws more patrons than comparable companies in New
York, San Francisco, Boston and Seattle, says company marketing director John
Roake. Other marketers jokingly refer to Ballet West as the Green Bay Packers of
the professional ballet world, he says.

For a state as lightly populated as Utah, it's remarkable that Vivace, Utah
Symphony | Utah Opera's young professionals group, has attracted 2,600 members
in five years, second in size only to the New York City Opera group, according
to Crystal Young-Otterstrom, audience-development manager.

Increasingly, Salt Lake theater companies are also producing new works,
including pieces written by Utah playwrights. By and large, says Plan-B Theatre
producing director Jerry Rapier, the capacity of Utah audiences who want to see
innovative theater is underestimated.

As audiences and consumers of the arts, we may still gravitate toward "Les Miz,"
landscape paintings that match our sofas and Rachmaninoff -- but we're an
appreciative, proud lot. We pat ourselves on the back for our local arts, and we
applaud anybody who puts in the effort to act, dance and make music.

We may not truly be bohemian, but we remain enthusiastic arts consumers. When
was the last time you went to a performance that didn't receive a standing
ovation?

features@sltrib.com

Facebook.com/tribremix Alt Heads:

Is Salt Lake City going bohemian? How creative are we, anyway?

Is Salt Lake City on the verge of a creative renaissance? Are we going bohemian?
We'll be considering this idea across the arts, indie music and food scenes as
part of an ongoing series. Tell us what you think: Send an email message to
features@sltrib.com and put "creatives" in the subject line or comment on
facebook.com/tribremix. How creative are we, anyway?

Is Salt Lake City on the verge of a creative renaissance? Are we going bohemian?
We'll be considering this idea across the arts, indie music and food scenes as
part of an ongoing series. Tell us what you think: Send an email message to
features@sltrib.com and put "creatives" in the subject line or comment on
facebook.com/tribremix.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dominic Raimondi, of Salt Lake City, makes a Sudanese clay bull at the
first day of the Living Traditions Festival in May in downtown Salt Lake City.
Raimondi started making the bulls as a child in Sudan. The annual festival
celebrates the city's folk and ethnic arts through performance, food and crafts.

From left, Eric Corson and John Roderick, of The Long Winters, play Kilby Court
in March 2007.
People walk by a booth where the art of Jimmy Lucero was on display during the
Mestizo West Side Arts Festival in July 2010. Lucero's acrylic work titled
"Zapata" is at right.
Dan Lyman won the competition for a design to temporarily fill the empty lot
next to the Capitol Theatre in Salt Lake City. His work, called "Sway'd," is
hundreds of flexible shafts that sway in the wind like grass.
Tamara Fox and Derek Dyer are the organizers of the Urban Arts Festival in May.
Dan Lyman won the competition for a design to temporarily fill the empty lot
next to the Capitol Theatre in Salt Lake City. His work, called "Sway'd," is
hundreds of flexible shafts that sway in the wind like grass.
Dan Lyman won the competition for a design to temporarily fill the empty lot
next to the Capitol Theatre in Salt Lake City. His work, called "Sway'd," is
hundreds of flexible shafts that sway in the wind like grass.
Michael Crane, playing the part of Hamlet, acts out a scene during a rehearsal
of "Hamlet" at Pioneer Memorial Theatre in September 2010.
Jeff Thornton, of Salt Lake City, looks at local bicycle-themed art at Salt Lake
City Bicycle Co. for the third annual Bike Art Show during the gallery stroll in
May in downtown Salt Lake City. The bike-themed art was part of the National
Bike Month events.
Utah Arts Festival visitors walk past some of Salt Lake artist Fred Conlon's
whimsical creatures including flying pigs and creatures carrying off gnomes in
June 2010.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The West Australian (Perth)

                            February 17, 2012 Friday
                                 First Edition

Swaying to a Jewish and African beat

SECTION: TOD; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 397  words


According to guitarist and vocalist Jeremiah Lockwood, the Sway Machinery makes
pretty strange music even by present- day New York standards.

We're considered unorthodox, he says by phone from Brooklyn. There are no other
bands around here doing anything like we do.

The Sway Machinery's unique sound is an amalgam of music inspired by ancient
Jewish cantorial songs, blues, Afro-beat and American rock'n'roll. Formed in
2006, this once sprawling collective of underground players  including members
of the Yeah Yeah Yeahs and Arcade Fire  has morphed into a core unit of
musicians: drummer John Bollinger of Barbez, brass players Jordan McLean and
Stuart Bogie from TV on the Radio and the Broadway production of Fela! and bass
guitarist Nikhil Yerawadekear of Antibalas.

Lockwood, who was born in the Jewish quarter of New York and schooled in the
liturgical songs of his grandfather, is the former guitarist with the Judaic
hip-hop/electronic outfit Balkan Beat Box.

Over the last five to 10 years I got focused on my grandfather's music and
tradition, he explains. Prior to that my main interest was pre-war country blues
and roots music.

As a tangent to all the hours he spent absorbing his grandfather's Yiddish,
Aramaic and Hebrew records, Lockwood linked up with veteran Piedmont blues
master Carolina Slim at the tender age of 14. The two musicians busked together
for several years on the streets and subway platforms of Manhattan.

The band's debut album Hidden Melodies Revealed (2007) drew strongly on his
family background and Jewish aesthetic expression.

As a further step in the band's evolution, in early 2010 the members travelled
to Mali to perform at the Festival in the Desert held every year on the
outskirts of Timbuktu.

We were warned by State Department not to go but we went anyway, Lockwood says.
Mali is a Muslim country where people don't have negative feelings about Jewish
people and we were all deeply touched by the whole experience.

While there the group teamed up with the great Malian diva Khaira Arby to record
their second album, The House of Friendly Ghosts Vol.1.

The result is a galvanising hybrid of stomping Afro-funk and desert guitars with
Sway Machinery's dubbed-out horns, crunchy guitar and funky rhythms.

Since its West African stint the band has developed new work that Lockwood says
will feature at the coming Festival Gardens concert.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 West Australian NewsPapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           February 9, 2012 Thursday
                                FA CHASE EDITION

Comerica part of Classic plan

BYLINE: Kevin Allen, USA TODAY

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 376 words


The NHL's plans to hold a Toronto Maple Leafs-Detroit Red Wings Winter Classic
at Michigan Stadium on Jan. 1 could set a hockey attendance record.

But other events will be at Detroit's Comerica Park, according to a league
official who asked not to be named because the announcement is today.

The 2013 Winter Classic plan calls for a second rink to be constructed at the
Detroit Tigers ballpark. The alumni game, an American Hockey League game and
games from the Great Lakes Invitational college hockey tournament are being
planned for the week leading up to the Winter Classic. The Tigers and Red Wings
are owned by Mike and Marian Ilitch.

A Michigan-Michigan State game attracted a hockey-record 104,173  at Michigan
Stadium on Dec. 11, 2010. The official capacity of Michigan Stadium is 109,901,
but Michigan has drawn more than 114,000 for a home football game.

The world record of 77,803 for a hockey game with professional players was set
in  2010, when Germany defeated the USA 2-1 in a domed soccer stadium in the
world  championships in Gelsenkirchen, Germany.

It was undecided whether the Winter Classic will have its traditional 1 p.m.
starting time. The game was moved to the night in 2011 in Pittsburgh because of
rain concerns, and it was moved  to 3 p.m. last month in Philadelphia because of
harsh  early afternoon sun.

The University of Michigan Board of Regents voted unanimously Wednesday to allow
the NHL to use Michigan Stadium.

The NHL will pay up to $3million to use the stadium from Dec, 1, 2012, to
mid-January.  The NHL also has agreed to donate an undisclosed sum  to the
university for student scholarships.

Because the announcement isn't until today, Red Wings players weren't willing to
speak freely Wednesday. But goaltender Jimmy Howard couldn't hide his
excitement.

"It's going to be quite the spectacle," Howard said. "With it being at the Big
House, with 110,000-plus that are expected to be there, it'll be great for all
of us."

Asked if a Winter Classic could sway him to come back and play again next
season, Detroit captain Nicklas Lidstrom laughed. "I don't know if one game is
going to sway me one way or another, but I think it's great for the fans," he
said.

Contributing: George Sipple and Helene St. James, Detroit Free Press

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           February 9, 2012 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Comerica part of Classic plan

BYLINE: Kevin Allen, USA TODAY

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 376 words


The NHL's plans to hold a Toronto Maple Leafs-Detroit Red Wings Winter Classic
at Michigan Stadium on Jan. 1 could set a hockey attendance record.

But other events will be at Detroit's Comerica Park, according to a league
official who asked not to be named because the announcement is today.

The 2013 Winter Classic plan calls for a second rink to be constructed at the
Detroit Tigers ballpark. The alumni game, an American Hockey League game and
games from the Great Lakes Invitational college hockey tournament are being
planned for the week leading up to the Winter Classic. The Tigers and Red Wings
are owned by Mike and Marian Ilitch.

A Michigan-Michigan State game attracted a hockey-record 104,173  at Michigan
Stadium on Dec. 11, 2010. The official capacity of Michigan Stadium is 109,901,
but Michigan has drawn more than 114,000 for a home football game.

The world record of 77,803 for a hockey game with professional players was set
in  2010, when Germany defeated the USA 2-1 in a domed soccer stadium in the
world  championships in Gelsenkirchen, Germany.

It was undecided whether the Winter Classic will have its traditional 1 p.m.
starting time. The game was moved to the night in 2011 in Pittsburgh because of
rain concerns, and it was moved  to 3 p.m. last month in Philadelphia because of
harsh  early afternoon sun.

The University of Michigan Board of Regents voted unanimously Wednesday to allow
the NHL to use Michigan Stadium.

The NHL will pay up to $3million to use the stadium from Dec, 1, 2012, to
mid-January.  The NHL also has agreed to donate an undisclosed sum  to the
university for student scholarships.

Because the announcement isn't until today, Red Wings players weren't willing to
speak freely Wednesday. But goaltender Jimmy Howard couldn't hide his
excitement.

"It's going to be quite the spectacle," Howard said. "With it being at the Big
House, with 110,000-plus that are expected to be there, it'll be great for all
of us."

Asked if a Winter Classic could sway him to come back and play again next
season, Detroit captain Nicklas Lidstrom laughed. "I don't know if one game is
going to sway me one way or another, but I think it's great for the fans," he
said.

Contributing: George Sipple and Helene St. James, Detroit Free Press

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             July 22, 2004 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Area Chiropractor Earns Olympic Berth Of His Own

BYLINE: JOEY KNIGHT, jknight@tampatrib.com

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 888 words

DATELINE: LUTZ


By JOEY KNIGHT

jknight@tampatrib.com

LUTZ -- A collection of framed written testaments to Scott Paton's work in the
field of chiropractics represents the prevailing motif in his spartanly
decorated office.

Heidi Hamil's testament doesn't hang on a wall. It bounces off them,
resoundingly.

"I've been to a whole slew of [chiropractors]," proclaims Hamil, a survivor of
two car accidents. "And he's by far the best one I've ever had."

In a profession sometimes viewed with skepticism, Paton stands on the other end
of the spectrum, a sparkling re'sume' in hand. Complementing his chiropractor's
license is a master's degree in sports injury management that followed an
undergraduate degree from South Florida.

He's also an athletic trainer who volunteered 2,000 hours toward certification
and previously worked with the Atlanta Falcons, among other central Georgia
sports teams.

Which is to say, the 33-year-old father of one knows his spine adjustments.

But the spine of which he's proudest holds together a 68-page hardbound thesis
entitled, Artificially Induced Leg Length Inequality and its Effect on Sway. The
exhaustive collection of data, documentation and diagrams represents three years
of Paton's life.

In late February, he got a nifty bookmark to go inside it -- an acceptance
letter from the Scientific Committee of the 2004 Pre-Olympic Congress.

On Aug. 9 in Thessaloniki, Greece, Paton (pronounced PAT-ton) will deliver an
oral presentation of his thesis before a delegation of the Pre-Olympic Congress.
The Olympic Games begin in Athens on Aug. 13.

"I couldn't believe it when I got the acceptance letter," Paton said.

"I think it's huge," said Erik Bendiks, a Georgia-based orthopedic spine surgeon
who often referred patients to Paton's former practice in Atlanta's northern
suburbs.

"I think that speaks volumes about what he's doing and who he is -- both of
those things. It will probably sit at the top of his re'sume' for the rest of
his life. I only wish I had been asked."

Swaying His Perspective

Sift through Paton's medical jargon, and you discover a simple premise behind
his thesis.

"When I did my master's degree, I said to myself, "There's a reason why Michael
Jordan is the way he is,' " said Paton, who earned his master's at Life
University in Marietta, Ga.

"So I was looking for a biomechanical indicator to explain why or how somebody
is so good at sports or more coordinated than others."

His search was centered around leg-length discrepancy, and its effect on human
sway. Paton says virtually everyone has a degree of inequality in the length of
their legs, if only a few millimeters, and that everybody sways.

"There's constant correction to fight gravity in the human body, and you don't
even realize you're doing it, but you're body's doing it," he said. "Otherwise,
you'd fall over. You can't visualize somebody swaying when they're standing
still."

Using cork shoe lifts to simulate leg-length inequality, Paton embarked on a
meticulous odyssey of experimentation, numbers-crunching and statistics
designing. Ultimately, his theory -- those who have more balanced legs will
possess better coordination -- withered.

Which, in this case, provided cause for encouragement.

"At this stage of the study we didn't find that anybody has an advantage, and
that the human brain can adapt to various conditions," Paton said. "So just
because somebody has balanced legs, or scoliosis or a short leg, does not mean
they should be looked upon any less than a good athlete, and they may develop
mentally into a good athlete. So it disproved my whole hypothesis ... but it
gave me good data."

Ultimately, Paton wants to expand the study to incorporate athletes from all
levels. He wants to hone in on how they run, throw and jump, to uncover some
fragment that could help enhance coordination among all athletes and
revolutionize sports.

Research, after all, is purely an evolutionary process with nary a boundary.

"That's what you find out frequently in research, that you go in with a
question, and quite frankly, 80 percent of that time you don't answer that
question," Bendiks said. "You end up coming up with 10 other questions for doing
further research."

But for now, Paton has another theory to prove -- that he and his wife, Janice,
will be safe and secure during their Greece getaway.

Safety In Numbers

While traveling recently, someone made a passing comment to Paton that he'd be
endangering his and Janice's life if he fulfilled his transatlantic speaking
engagement.

Paton scoffed. While the security and logistics surrounding these Olympic Games
remain subjects of great skepticism, the fact remains those who make the trek to
Greece likely will be within spitting distance of a security guard at all times.

Nonetheless, Paton remains concerned to a degree. He and Janice won't be taking
their young son, Tyler, along. Besides, if his career remains on its promising,
expeditious track, more plum lecture opportunities will be forthcoming.

"If you let fear motivate you, that's not what makes us the way we are," he
said.

"So I'm just trying not to think about it, and going over there knowing this is
going to really do so much good for the chiropractic profession and so much good
for the athletic training profession."

Copyright © 2004, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: JOEY KNIGHT SPORTS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Tribune photo by CHRISTINE DeLESSIO Scott Paton will address international
colleagues at the Olympics.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2004 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              414 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             August 1, 2003, Friday

BRUCIE & WCBS TO ROCK ON

BYLINE: By DAVID HINCKLEY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: TELEVISION; Pg. 124

LENGTH: 269 words


Cousin Bruce Morrow, one of the last links to the early days of rock 'n' roll
radio in New York, has signed a new three-year deal with WCBS-FM (101.1).

Morrow will continue doing Wednesday and Saturday nights.

"WCBS-FM has been wonderful to me," he said yesterday. "And this deal lets me
keep living a perfect life. I'm on the air just as much as I want to be, with
time for TV work and Variety and the other things I do."

The recent departure of Morrow's fellow WABC veterans Harry Harrison and Dan
Ingram from WCBS-FM, combined with a modest drop in ratings a year ago, had led
to speculation the station wanted to showcase a later generation of deejays and
Morrow might be the next to leave.

Morrow says that was never the plan.

"I'm always talking with [program director] Joe McCoy about the station," says
Morrow, "and I love the direction it's going. You're always changing something
in radio. That's how the business is. But we'll find the solution this time,
too."

CROSSTOWN TRAFFIC: Deejay Sway and the morning team on WQHT (97.1 FM) were
furious yesterday when the group B2K blew off a scheduled live appearance at
Hot-97 - but still went on the air live with Doug Banks over on rival WBLS
(107.5 FM).

Sway said B2K management canceled the Hot-97 interview, which had been promoted
on the air, because of concern over what questions Sway might ask.

Sway said he wasn't blaming the group, but lamented that this kind of no-show
makes both the group and the station look bad. He invited listeners to call in
and express their disappointment.

Meanwhile, B2K talked with Banks.


LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              415 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              May 12, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

5 PERTINENT QUESTIONS

BYLINE: Tony Fabrizio

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 710 words


NEXTEL CUP PREVIEW

RACE NO. 11: DARLINGTON

Q. Why is Jeff Gordon so good at Darlington?

A. Gordon has twice as many wins (six) as any other full-time active driver on
the historic egg-shaped oval. He is the active leader in laps led (1,553) and
has scored top-five finishes (13) in more than half his Darlington starts (25).
He is good at Darlington because "The Lady in Black" is one of the toughest
tracks, and the toughest tracks always play to the best drivers. It's no
coincidence that Gordon's greatest success has come on some of the most
technical tracks - Darlington, Indianapolis, Martinsville, the two road courses
and the two restrictor-plate tracks.

Q. Retired drivers Rusty Wallace and Darrell Waltrip both suggested recently
that Gordon's focus isn't what it needs to be, and that's why he isn't winning.
Are they right?

A. Marty Smith examined the question in an interesting column this week on
NASCAR.com. Smith takes the position that Wallace and Waltrip have forgotten
that even the greatest drivers experience ebbs and flows during their careers
and that it's unfair to say Gordon isn't focused. But it's hard to ignore what
we know about human nature when considering Gordon's fall-off in performance.
Gordon has won four championships and the biggest races multiple times, and he
has won almost $77 million. What's left to win? The belief here is that multiple
factors are responsible for Gordon winning only once during the last calendar
year. Motivation may be one of them, but it's also apparent that Gordon hasn't
been getting cars that drive the way he likes them. NASCAR's current aerodynamic
package (shorter spoilers) seems to work better for Gordon's teammate Jimmie
Johnson than it does for Gordon.

Q. Darlington Raceway was on the endangered list among tracks a couple of years
ago when NASCAR pulled its spring race and then phased out the Southern 500.
What does the future of NASCAR's first "big" speedway look like now?

A. After years of declining or stagnant ticket sales, Darlington has found a
date - the Saturday night before Mother's Day - that seems to work. Last year's
inaugural night race sold out, and this year's race had the earliest sellout in
the track's 56-year history. Because 3,000 seats have been added, the attendance
will be a Darlington record. This is good news for the many fans who want to see
NASCAR maintain a connection to its roots. There's no place on the circuit
that's more of a throwback stop than tiny Darlington.

Q. Was Dale Jarrett's team cheating last week at Richmond?

A. Jarrett received a 25-point deduction, and his crew chief, Richard "Slugger"
Labbe, was suspended for four races this week after NASCAR discovered an
illegally mounted rear sway bar in Jarrett's No. 88 Ford. Robert Yates Racing's
appeal of the penalty will not be heard until next Wednesday, so Labbe was
allowed to work the Darlington race. The rules say a sway bar can only be used
to counteract the car's side-to-side roll through the turns, and Jarrett's sway
bar was mounted in such a way that it could raise the car's rear, thus exposing
more of the spoiler and generating extra rear downforce. RYR contends in its
appeal that the rulebook's language leaves room for interpretation.

Q. Who, besides Gordon, is typically tough at Darlington?

A. Greg Biffle won last year's race, and points leader Johnson won twice in
2004, which was the last year Darlington had two races. Jarrett has three
victories and nine top-five finishes in his last 17 races at the track, although
his last five starts there haven't gone well. Jeff Burton, who is having a
resurgent season for Richard Childress Racing, also has had some good runs at
Darlington.

Tony Fabrizio

(CHART)DARLINGTON RACEWAY

WHERE: Darlington, S.C.

DATE OPENED: 1950

DISTANCE: 1.366-mile oval

BANKING IN TURNS 1-2: 25 degrees

BANKING IN TURNS 3-4: 23 degrees

BANKING IN STRAIGHTS: 2 degrees

MILES/LAPS: 501.3/367

TRACK RECORD: Ward Burton (Pontiac), 173.797 mph,

March 22, 1996

DEFENDING RACE CHAMPION: Greg Biffle (Dodge)

Photo credit: Getty Images

Photo: (2) Jeff Gordon has six wins, twice as many as any other full-time active
driver, in 25 starts at Darlington Raceway.

Copyright © 2006, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: AUTO RACING

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 2 CHART
.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2006 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              416 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            December 30, 2016 Friday

Head Line: WIPO PUBLISHES PATENT OF PHYSIOWAVE, INC TITLED AS "DETERMINING
PHYSIOLOGICAL PARAMETERS USING MOVEMENT DETECTION"

LENGTH: 239 words

DATELINE: New York


GENEVA: Publication No. WO/2016/209867 was published on December 29, 2016 by
WIPO.

Title of the invention: DETERMINING PHYSIOLOGICAL PARAMETERS USING MOVEMENT
DETECTION

Applicants: PHYSIOWAVE, INC. [US/US]; 1700 Wyatt Drive, Suite 2 Santa Clara, CA
95054 (US)


Inventors: GIOVANGRANDI, Laurent, B.; (US)

According to the abstract published by the World Intellectual Property
Organization on its website: "Certain aspects of the disclosure are directed to
determining cardiac physiological parameters. Specific embodiments concern an
arrangement of apparatuses including a platform region configured and arranged
with an area for the user to stand, a plurality of force sensors including
sensor circuitry, and a processor circuitry. The force sensors provide a
plurality of analog signals while the user is standing on the platform region.
The processor circuitry is configured and arranged to determine cardiac
physiological parameters of the user corresponding to a graphical representation
of cardiac movements, by processing the analog signals, mitigating at least some
effect on the analog signals attributable to postural sway of the user, and
generating data indicative of the physiological parameters based on said
processing of the analog signals and the mitigating of at least some of the
effect on the analog signals attributable to postural sway of the user."

The patent was filed on 22.06.2016 under Application No. PCT/US2016/038624


LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     October 1, 1995, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

BACK IN HIGH GEAR;
Truck trumps Irvan's return;
After early lead, equipment failure ends his chances

BYLINE: Al Levine; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 320 words

DATELINE: North Wilkesboro, N.C.


There was nothing wrong with Ernie Irvan's brain Saturday, nor with his heart
nor his ability to pass a racing truck on his blind side. But nobody figured a
sway bar would ruin the first day of his racing comeback.

Starting from the No. 2 position, Irvan led the 32-truck field for 26 early laps
of the 150-lap Lowe's SuperTruck race before 33,000 in the stands at North
Wilkesboro Speedway.

In this series, trucks pit after 76 laps for a tire change and five- minute
break. By then, Irvan's truck had begun drifting in turns and he had fallen from
the lead to seventh. During the break, Irvan's crew failed to correct a
suspension problem in his No. 28 NAPA Ford. He never rejoined the race.

Mike Bliss, a 30-year-old former USAC champion who had never led a lap in 15
previous SuperTruck races, took the lead with 21 laps to go and hung on for the
victory. He won a truck series record $ 30,650. The average speed was 96.126
mph.

Irvan said his truck handled "like I had two flat tires on the rear," but his
crew may have made a bad judgment call attempting to fix the sway bar.

"This is not really how I wanted it to end," Irvan said. "We were trying to do
too much during the halftime. Sway bars are difficult things to work on.
Sometimes they take a couple of minutes, sometimes 50 minutes. We were going to
be 15 laps behind by the time we got it fixed. Our day will come another day."

It may be as early as today: Irvan will start seventh in the Tyson Holly Farms
400 Winston Cup race here.

Saturday's truck race was Irvan's first in 13 months, following a practice
accident at Michigan in which he suffered serious head and chest injuries.

Irvan emphatically answered all the concerns in the first few minutes of the
race. He went after pole-sitter Mike Skinner right away, taking the lead on his
blind side on the fifth lap, holding it until lap 27, retaking the lead for laps
36-38.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color photo: Ernie Irvan (left) battles Butch Miller and Joe Ruttman at
the Lowe's 150 SuperTruck race Saturday at North Wilkesboro Speedway. /
Associated Press Color photo: Ernie Irvan adjusts his eye patch as he talks to a
crew member before the start of Saturday's race. / Associated Press

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              418 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Record

                            December 9, 2011, Friday

SINGLES;
CLUBBING WITH STUART BARRIE SINGLES AND ALBUMS WITH JOHN DINGWALL

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 205 words


Sway ft Kano Still Speedin' Sway samples Loleatta Holloway's Love Sensation,
which was sampled by Black Box on their 1989 hit Ride On Time.

Coldplay Christmas Lights An old-style yuletide love song from Chris Martin's
bunch of not-so-merry men that treads perilously close to being wallpaper music.

Caro Emerald Stuck Dutch singer Caroline Esmeralda van der Leeuw's 50s-style big
band sound will have mum and dad toe-tapping in the aisles. Katy Perry The One
That Got Away An ode to lost love that is the sort of pop song that's appeal
spans generations. It explains just why Perry's appeal is so universal.

Avril Lavigne I'm With You Dean Martin once joked he went to Canada because he
saw an advert that read "Drink Canada Dry". Canadian Lavigne's attempt at a
country tearjerker would turn anyone to drink. Red Sky July How To Get Your Love
Following his recovery from a near-fatal aneurysm, Texas guitarist Ally
McErlaine joins wife Shelly Poole, best known for Alisha's Attic, along with
Charity Hair, as a trio for this mesmerising folk pop offering.

Little Roy Lithium Reggae sensation Little Roy's latest take on the songs of
Nirvana turns grunge on its head thanks to the absurdly upbeat delivery complete
with a brass section.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            October 21, 2016 Friday
                                  WEB Edition

Johnny Doc honored by Bucks NAACP

SECTION: WEB; P-com News; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 189 words


Philadelphia union leader John "Johnny Doc" Dougherty on Friday was honored by
the Buck County NAACP for improving race relations and increasing job
opportunities for minorities.

Dougherty, 55, business manager of the International Brotherhood of Electrical
Workers Local 98, received the award from the organization at the Parx Casino in
Bensalem.

The union is being investigated by the FBI and agents served search warrants in
August at union offices and homes, and at the businesses of union staffers and
allies.

- Staff report

Commentary: Clinton is the right choice for American workers

http://www.philly.com/philly/opinion/commentary/20161017_Commentary__Clinton_is_
the_right_choice_for_American_workers.html

Inquirer Editorial: FBI probe of union boss Dougherty should serve as a wake-up
call to Mayor Kenney

http://www.philly.com/philly/opinion/20160918_Inquirer_Editorial__FBI_probe_of_u
nion_boss_Dougherty_should_serve_as_a_wake-up_call_to_Mayor_Kenney.html

Johnny Doc's sway with council: overstated or overwhelming?

http://www.philly.com/philly/news/politics/20160912_Johnny_Doc_s_sway
_with_council__overstated_or_overwhelming_.html

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: ALEJANDRO A. ALVAREZ / Staff Photographer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             April 29, 2013 Monday

LENGTH: 701 words


BOSTON - In photos of her as a younger woman, Zubeidat Tsarnaeva wears a low-cut
blouse and has her hair teased like a 1980s rock star. After she arrived in the
U.S. from Russia in 2002, she went to beauty school and did facials at a
suburban day spa.

But in recent years, people noticed a change. She began wearing a hijab and
cited conspiracy theories about 9/11 being a plot against Muslims.

Now known as the angry and grieving mother of the Boston Marathon bombing
suspects, Tsarnaeva is drawing increased attention after federal officials say
Russian authorities intercepted her phone calls, including one in which she
vaguely discussed jihad with her elder son. In another, she was recorded talking
to someone in southern Russia who is under FBI investigation in an unrelated
case, U.S. officials said.

NATION

DOZENS OF AIR SHOWS CANCEL WITHOUT MILITARY JETS: Dozens of air shows that draw
tens of thousands of people and generate millions of dollars for local economies
have been cancelled this year after the military grounded its jet and
demonstration teams because of automatic federal budget cuts.

For years, the biggest draws at air shows have been the military's two elite jet
teams, the U.S. Navy's Blue Angels and the U.S. Air Force's Thunderbirds, and
their intricate stunts. The armed services also have provided F-16, F-18 and
F-22 fighter jets and the U.S. Army Parachute Team, known as the Golden Knights.
All the teams were grounded as of April 1 to save money, and the military also
dramatically curtailed its help with ground displays of various aircraft.

A NEW FRONT FOR GUN BACKGROUND CHECKS: THE BALLOT: After struggling to sway both
state and federal lawmakers, proponents of expanding background checks for gun
sales are now exploring whether they will have more success by taking the issue
directly to voters.

While advocates generally prefer that new gun laws be passed through the
legislative process, especially at the national level, they are also concerned
about how much sway the National Rifle Association has with lawmakers.

POLICE: 4 PEOPLE STABBED AT ALBUQUERQUE CHURCH: Police say a 24-year-old man
stabbed four people at a Catholic church in Albuquerque as a Sunday mass was
nearing its end.

Police spokesman Robert Gibbs said Lawrence Capener jumped over several pews at
St. Jude Thaddeus Catholic Church around noon Sunday and walked up to the choir
area where he began his attack.

The injuries to the four church-goers weren't life-threatening. All four were
being treated at hospitals.

WORLD

OWNER OF COLLAPSED BUILDING CAPTURED IN BANGLADESH: The fugitive owner of an
illegally constructed building that collapsed and killed at least 377 people in
Savar, Bangladesh, was captured Sunday by a commando force as he tried to flee
into India. At the disaster site, meanwhile, fire broke out in the wreckage and
forced authorities to suspend the search for survivors temporarily.

Mohammed Sohel Rana was arrested in the western Bangladesh border town of
Benapole, said Jahangir Kabir Nanak, junior minister for local government. Rana
was brought back by helicopter to the capital of Dhaka where he faced charges of
negligence.

ITALIAN POLICEMEN SHOT NEAR NEW GOVERNMENT SWEARING-IN: In the very moments
Italy's new coalition government was being sworn in, ending months of political
paralysis in a country hoping to revive a bleak economy, a middle-aged
unemployed bricklayer opened fire Sunday in the square outside the premier's
office, seriously wounding two policemen, authorities said.

The alleged gunman from Calabria, a southern region plagued by joblessness and
organized crime, told investigators he wanted to shoot politicians. But finding
none in the square, he instead shot at Carabinieri paramilitary police.

PATTERN SEEN IN ALLEGED CHEMICAL ARMS USE IN SYRIA: The instances in which
chemical weapons are alleged to have been used in Syria were purportedly small
in scale: nothing along the lines of Saddam Hussein's 1988 attack in Kurdish
Iraq that killed thousands.

That raises the question of who would stand to gain as President Bashar Assad's
regime and the opposition trade blame for the alleged attacks, and proof remains
elusive.

FROM WIRE REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Free Press (Mankato, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

Frustrated voters sway region Republican in national, state races

BYLINE: Trey Mewes, The Free Press, Mankato, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1023 words


Nov. 09--South-central Minnesota looks pretty different the day after Election
Day this year.

The region leaned slightly Democratic over the past few elections, though there
were large conservative districts surrounding Blue Earth County.

Yet President-elect Donald Trump carried almost all of Greater Minnesota,
including the south-central region. U.S. Rep Tim Walz, D-Minnesota, hung onto
his seat by a mere 2,500 votes out of more than 300,000 cast.

Heavily contested Senate districts considered in play this year went Republican,
including District 20 (which represents parts of Le Sueur, Rice and Scott
counties) and District 24 (which represents parts of Waseca, Steele, Rice and
Dodge counties), each of which had been held by a Democrat. Those victories,
along with a strong showing in state House races, gave Republicans a commanding
majority in the House and control of the Senate.

All of which adds up to a strong conservative wave in rural areas, both in
south-central Minnesota and throughout the nation, as Republican candidates
benefited from frustration-driven white working-class voters.

"The message that Trump's election sent everybody is they're sick of the status
quo," said Rich Draheim, the Madison Lake Republican who defeated Sen. Kevin
Dahle, DFL-Northfield, to get District 20 back under GOP control. "And I think
it was an anti-status quo vote rather than a pro-Trump vote."

That anti-establishment sentiment is what political officers and experts believe
is behind the GOP's gains this election cycle. Exit polling across the state and
nation show white, rural voters were largely responsible for Trump's success, in
part due to economic concerns.

"Really, I think people overwhelmingly voted on fiscal issues," Blue Earth
County GOP Chair Jeremy Munson said.

Rural areas in Minnesota and across the nation haven't recovered from the Great
Recession as well as metropolitan regions, and many federal programs and funding
aren't geared as heavily in outstate areas. Though Minnesota has an unemployment
rate of less than 4 percent, underemployment and cost of living issues plague
many families in rural areas.

"They're all saying the same thing: W're not getting ahead, we're working hard,
but we're not saving any money," Draheim said of rural voters. "And it seems
like the state always keeps getting after us when we have no money."

Southern Minnesota in particular has suffered higher insurance premiums than the
Twin Cities area because of its lack of competition between medical care
providers -- Mayo Clinic owns and operates almost every major medical center
throughout the region.

Insurance has become a key GOP talking point over the past few years, and
Minnesota Republican leaders seized on reports released this fall showing the
state's individual insurance market rates would increase by an average of 50 to
67 percent next year.

Economic pressures combined with sluggish job growth turned into massive
turnouts among white voters frustrated and angry with Democrats across the
board.

"We saw the 1st Congressional District where clearly, this was a district that
just about everybody considered safe and there was very little money put into
it," said Larry Jacobs, a political science professor with the University of
Minnesota. "But the pitchfork gang showed up and almost toppled the Democratic
star."

That disconnect between the white working class and Democrats has given
Republicans an edge in Greater Minnesota in recent years, which has turned the
state Capitol into a battleground between rural Republicans and metro Democrats.

According to Jacobs, Democrats tried to paint Trump as out of touch with
America's increasingly diverse reality, but failed to connect with the
working-class rural voters who were once the bedrock of DFL support.

"The problem here for Democrats is they're being equated with out-of-touch
urbanism by rural voters," he said. "And it's kind of the kiss of death."

Yet area DFL officials don't believe the defeat will keep Democratic prospects
down for long. Former Senate District 19 DFL Chair Jim Fleming acknowledged
Democrats will have to do a better job reaching out to rural voters, but he
believes the state's diverse population and young voters will favor the DFL in
future elections.

"(The DFL has) got to be able to make connections in greater Minnesota and in
the metropolitan area to build coalitions statewide," Fleming said. "That can
happen. It's just that, I think if the Republicans look at this as a
white-person voter turnout, I don't the demographics of that strategy will last
in four years."

To do that, the DFL will have to reach out to voters like Stephen Bakken of Blue
Earth.

A retired chemist, Bakken voted for President Barack Obama in 2008 after Obama
promised to reduce the U.S. military presence in Afghanistan. Bakken's son, an
army medic, deployed to Afghanistan in 2009 and was injured in combat, prompting
Bakken to vote Republican during the last two presidential elections.

Bakken traveled to Iowa throughout the summer last year to meet with Republican
presidential candidates, including Donald Trump. In fact, Bakken watched Trump
speak at a presidential forum in Ames, Iowa, in July -- the same forum where
Trump declared Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona, was "not a war hero" because he was
captured during the Vietnam War.

Though Bakken was initially drawn to former Texas Gov. Rick Perry, he said he
supported Trump for his brazen behavior and his disregard for political
convention.

"That appealed to me because all of the Republican candidates were somewhat
ambivalent with what he had to say," Bakken said.

Yet Bakken, like many average voters, is ready to switch sides if Trump and his
fellow Republicans don't follow through on their campaign promises to rural
residents.

"I expect him to build a wall, I expect him to put conservatives on the Supreme
Court, I expect him to put jobs back," Bakken said. "Everything he said he would
do, I expect him to do. Or I will vote Democratic in 2020."

___ (c)2016 The Free Press (Mankato, Minn.) Visit The Free Press (Mankato,
Minn.) at www.mankatofreepress.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161109-FP-Frustrated-voters-sway
-region-Republican-in-national-state-races-1109-20161109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FP


                         Copyright 2016 The Free Press


                              422 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hays Daily News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 13, 2014 Wednesday

Orman hopes to sway voters in Kansas

BYLINE: Matthew Kenwright, The Hays Daily News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 316 words


Aug. 13--The Independent candidate running against Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan.,
stopped in Hays on Wednesday and visited Augustine's Bakery and Daylight Donuts.

Greg Orman, Olathe, spoke with customers and explained why he is running outside
the confines of the two parties.

"I don't think it's a secret to anybody that Washington is broken," he said.
"We're sending the worst of both parties to Washington that are partisans who
care more about pleasing the extremists and the special interests and their own
parties than they do about solving problems for the people of Kansas."

The candidate would identify with all the residents of the state.

"We're running to represent all the people of Kansas, regardless of what party
they're from, what part of the state they're from," he said.

Although voters' main issue is the economy, their other concerns vary by region,
he said. Affordable housing dominates conversations in Hays, Dodge City and
Garden City, and the western region struggles with water issues.

If elected, Orman pledged to try to prevent federal legislation from
inadvertently encouraging water over-consumption. His victory might deny either
party a majority in the U.S. Senate and give Kansas leverage in deciding
national issues.

Ann Augustine, an Ellis resident who chatted with Orman, said she was surprised
Roberts won his primary election because of his residency issues. Water is a key
concern to her because it is hard to maintain her landscaping.

Ralph Taxter, Hays, said he liked Orman's promise to only remain in office 12
years because other leaders have stayed too long. Taxter is not bound by his
political affiliation when he votes.

"I don't vote for politics," he said. "I'm supposed to be a registered
Republican, but I vote for the man."

___ (c)2014 The Hays Daily News (Hays, Kan.) Visit The Hays Daily News (Hays,
Kan.) at www.hdnews.net Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140813-EZ-Orman-hopes-to-sway-voters-in-Kansas-0813-20140813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EZ


                       Copyright 2014 The Hays Daily News


                              423 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday

Centreville looking to sway Bucs

BYLINE: Reina Kempt, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 300 words


Oct. 01--By Reina Kempt

The Natchez Democrat

Centreville -- Centreville High School (5-1) are recovering from a tough victory
Friday night against Silliman Institute.

Centreville assistant coach Brian Stutzman said he expected nothing less of a
tough game any time the Tigers go head to head with Silliman.

"Friday was a rough game for us, whenever we play them it's a tough game," he
said. "But we were able to make plays when we had to. It was a big game."

Stutzman said Friday's victory put them right where they want to be in this leg
of the season.

"It puts us in the driver's seat for district, we definitely took a step in the
right direction," he said.

Now the Tigers are focused on their next two conference games against Central
Private and Bowling Green, with the Buccaneers up first.

Stutzman said they'll have their work cut out for them against Friday, and
they'll be working extensively this week on ways to prepare for another tough
game.

"Defensively, we're working on our linebackers," Stutzman said. "Offensively, we
need to work on running better routes and blocking better."

Stutzman said their focus must be there throughout the entire game if they want
to continue to be successful.

"Sometimes we forget what we're supposed to do," he said. "We have to work on
our responsibilities."

When it comes to the Buccaneers, Stutzman said they know what to expect from the
larger team.

"Bowling Green has a lot of power offensive sets," Stutzman said. "They have a
really good running back and some big kids we have to bring down. But we play
bigger teams often, it is not a factor."

Centreville will host Silliman Institute at 7 p.m. Friday.

___ (c)2013 The Natchez Democrat (Natchez, Miss.) Visit The Natchez Democrat
(Natchez, Miss.) at www.natchezdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131001-YY-Centreville-looking-to-sway-Bucs-1001-20131001

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                      Copyright 2013 The Natchez Democrat


                              424 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Brampton Guardian

                              May 17, 2015 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Rob Kardashian leads tributes to rapper Chinx

SECTION: WHATSON; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 205  words


Rob Kardashian has led tributes to rapper Chinx after he was killed in a drive
by shooting this morning (17.05.15).

The 28-year-old reality TV star took to the social media site today after Chinx,
31 - whose real name was Lionel Pickens - was gunned down in Queens, New York
City, around 4am.

The rapper was a member of the group Coke Boys with French Montana, whose
ex-girlfriend Khloe Kardashian is Rob's sister.

Rob wrote: "Rest in peace Chinx ,,,, gone way too soon."

He later added: "Another brother gone without reaching his full potential
:(.(sic)"

Chinx was said to be driving a silver porsche at the time with a 27-year-old
passenger who was shot twice in the back and is now being treating in hospital.

The star's management confirmed the news of his passing on Instagram writing:
"It is with a heavy heart that The Legion Media Group and 4 Kings Management
announce the passing of Lionel 'Chinx' Pickens this morning. He was 31."

Rappers Sway Calloway and Tony Yayo also paid their respects to the star on
Twitter.

Tony, 37, wrote: "Rip Chinx gone but not forgotten."

While Sway, 44, said: "We want to send our condolences to the family of Chinx.
He was always real with me and excited about what was next with his music.
#RIPChinx."

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 3, 2014 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Listen Up: Sway to His Beats

BYLINE: By MATT DIEHL

SECTION: Section ST; Column 0; Style Desk; T MAGAZINE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 457 words


Who on earth would blend a ''Bennie and the Jets'' groove, trilling harpsichords
evoking the Beatles' ''In My Life'' and a dance-floor-quaking bass into an
exuberant paean to infidelity? Answer: Sway Clarke II. The song, ''Secret
Garden,'' is one of several by the Berlin-by-way-of-Toronto singer-songwriter
that have taken off on the Internet (another is a moody cover of Kendrick
Lamar's ''Swimming Pools'') and propelled the singer (who plays his first
American show this evening at Bardot's School Night in Los Angeles) to
next-big-thing status. His combination of storytelling and hooks has earned
comparisons to the hitmaking likes of Lorde and Frank Ocean, but a streak of
naughty humor, often at the singer's own expense, is uniquely his own. ''That
comes out of being Canadian,'' he laughs. ''There's a reason why great comedians
like Jim Carrey and Mike Myers came from Canada. It's in our DNA to be
self-deprecating and funny.''

That tendency was evident in the first song that got Clarke attention, ''I Don't
Need Much.'' In it, he says that all he needs is ''Some cigarettes and
alcohol/iPhone for a few calls/A crew, and a main broad'' via a wistful melody
that's as indebted to Coldplay as to new-school R&B. The approach reflects
Clarke's own personal evolution. Ten years ago, he had grown disenchanted with
hip-hop's worldview and began to focus more, he says, on music that valued
''songwriting, musicianship and telling a story. OutKast's 'Speakerboxxx/The
Love Below' was my saving grace: it was so adventurous, it became a reference
point proving I could do something different. And then I started digging into
the renaissance of Brit rock. Radiohead, Pulp and Blur changed my life, and made
me need to learn guitar. During that period, I wanted to be Liam Gallagher: I
was attracted to him because he was gangster, like a rapper.''

One of eight siblings in a pan-Caribbean family (Clarke's mother is Cuban and
his father is a Rastafarian jeweler-turned-farmer from Jamaica), Clarke grew up
surrounded by reggae, soul and classic rock like Rod Stewart and Neil Diamond.
His professional entree into music came following a chance meeting with the
producer Crada on a trip to Mannheim, Germany, after which Crada asked him to
co-write and perform on a song by the superstar British rapper Tinie Tempah,
''Tears Run Dry.'' ''My manager will sometimes calls me and say something like,
'Are you interested in playing 02 Arena with Tinie Tempah to a 15,000-capacity
crowd on Sunday?''' says Clarke. ''I'll say, 'What? How many people? Um,
sure!'''

Sway Clarke II plays tonight at Bardot, 1737 Vine St., Hollywood, Calif.,
itsaschoolnight.com/losangeles

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://tmagazine.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/07/28/sway
-clarke-ii-rb-hitmaker-with-a-canadian-sense-of-humor/

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY BRANTLEY GUTIERREZ)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              426 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                               September 24, 2013

                                    SWAY A/S

                                 C Sundtsgt 51
                            Bergen,  Hordaland 5004
                                     Norway

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


SWAY Completes Private Placement Of US$25.78 Million

   7/11/2007 12:00:00 AM

   SWAY A/S, a renewable energy company, has completed private placement of
NOK150 ($25.78) million. StatoilHydro ASA and Lyse Energi AS along with Scatec
AS and Rosenberg Verft AS participated in the financing.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Events                                  Investments
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013


                              427 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           January 21, 2016 Thursday

Palin stumps with Trump   but does she hold sway?;
She is back in the spotlight   but it's tough to gauge the Palin influence

BYLINE: Simon Carswell

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 619 words


A recurring theme among some Republicans in Iowa, the first state to pick
presidential nominees in 11 days' time, is that they are unsure about the
party's front-runner Donald Trump and his conservative credentials.

This is why Ted Cruz, the anti-establishment senator, is beating Trump in polls
in the state. He is considered consistent on conservative values of concern to
voters on the right who will have a disproportionate influence in Iowa's
Republican caucuses on February 1st.

By endorsing Trump at a rally in the state on Tuesday, former Alaska governor
and Tea Party poster-girl Sarah Palin could boost his chances among sceptical
conservatives in that tight race with Cruz.

Palin may have cost the 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain votes
among moderates in his party when he picked the then little-known Alaska
governor to be his running mate, but she has shown that she still holds sway in
local state races, notwithstanding her capacity to drop gaffes and mangle the
English language in her bizarre speeches.

Palin has maintained a prominent national profile through book deals,
appearances at political conferences and on television, and even through her own
reality TV show.

In that, she and Trump have much in common - the two political mavericks enjoy
grandstanding in public.

Her popularity peaked in the 2010 congressional elections when, in a wave of
victories that swept members of the hardline Tea Party faction to power,
candidates she endorsed won in 33 of 64 races.

She helped South Carolina governor Nikki Haley, tipped as a possible Republican
vice-presidential nominee this year, win in 2010 and Cruz two years later in his
surprise election to the US Senate. The big question is: can Palin help Trump
sway undecided conservatives in the current presidential race?

"It does more for her than it does for him. She has been out of the public
limelight for quite a while," said Dennis Goldford, a professor of politics at
Drake University in Iowa.

"I am sure the Cruz people would like to have had her endorsement but that they
don't think this a mortal blow. She might have some influence. It might be a
feather on the scale," Goldford added, "but in a tight race, a feather could
matter."

Trump and Palin have long been close. They share the same views and the same
pantomime style.

Palin's folksy manner and "mama grizzly bear" persona appeals to grassroots
conservatives in the same way that the simplistic winners-versus-losers rhetoric
of Trump appeals to angry, white, blue-collar men.

At Tuesday's rally, she managed to fill her rambling speech endorsing Trump with
her favourite catchphrases: "Drill, baby, drill!", "Going rogue" (the title of
her 2009 autobiography) and "You betcha!"

There was also fighting talk typical of a Trump stump speech. The businessman
was going to "kick Isis ass", she said. She urged Iowa voters to back Trump,
imploring them: "No more pussy-footing around!"

It remains to be seen whether they will listen.

In Iowa, Palin had the second highest favourability rating among potential 2016
Republican candidates in a 2014 poll, although it has been more than six years
since she held political office and the strength of her Tea Party support has
changed since its heyday in 2010.

"It is a mixed bag," said Timothy Hagle, a politics professor at the University
of Iowa of whether her endorsement will assist Trump.

"Certainly, she appeals to some people in talking about going rogue and fighting
the establishment, but some Republicans and conservatives think her time has
passed and she has been out of the political spotlight."

If she decides to "stump for Trump" at his rallies across the country, she will
be very much back in the spotlight again.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Newton Daily News, Iowa

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          November 11, 2015 Wednesday

Pipeline opponents unable to sway county supervisors

BYLINE: Jason W. Brooks, Newton Daily News, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 996 words


Nov. 11--While Kathy Holdefer and her associates didn't seem surprised by the
Jasper County Board of Supervisors taking no action at Tuesday's weekly meeting
on a proposed resolution to locally reject the Bakken Oil Pipeline Project, she
said she was surprised by two other things that happened.

Holdefer said she was pleasantly surprised to see and hear from other Jasper
County landowners who were among the 30 people who packed in the county
courthouse board room. She was also surprised to hear what board chair Denny
Carpenter had to say in his final comments about the pipeline project, regarding
pipeline material that has been stored in plain view on private property east of
Newton for at least the past six months.

The stockpiling and other business related to the pipeline has taken place well
before hearings -- scheduled to begin Thursday at the Boone County Fairgrounds
-- determine its final approval or rejection by the Iowa Utilities Board.

"I don't think what we do up here is going to make any difference," Carpenter
said. "Somebody must know something we (the board) don't know. We wouldn't see
all this pipe all over the state of Iowa if someone didn't know what the outcome
is going to be."

A third-party procurement company is storing pipe for the project on behalf of
Dakota Access, LLC near Newton and Keokuk in Iowa and in Canton, S.D.

All three supervisors said they will remain neutral on the pipeline proposal.
Carpenter said he doesn't feel a county resolution or other action would impact
the IUB's approval process for the Bakken project, which involves public comment
sessions set for Thursday in Boone.

Carpenter said county governments don't have jurisdiction over what is stored on
private land -- nor does it have domain over state project approvals.

Holdefer and other county landowners were able to get a proposed anti-pipeline
resolution on the agenda. She presented her main financial liability,
environmental and safety concerns and doubts about how many permanent jobs the
project will create, and she was accompanied by Mingo-area landowners Theresa
and Joe Weeg and Nathan Malachowski of Iowa Citizens for Community Improvement.

Two union representatives came to Newton to address the board regarding the
amount of permanent jobs they say will be supported by the pipeline.

"I can't say I'm not disappointed," Holdefer said after the meeting. "But I'm
not surprised. I'm just glad some people came out and we could have this
discussion in Jasper County, in this kind of venue, because it's an important
public issue. And I really do respect the opinions of the unions."

Erich Schmidt of Laborers International of Iowa and Ryan Hollinrake of the
International Union of Operating Engineers Local 234 addressed the board. Both
read statements that pointed out pipelines are constructed and maintained
primarily by trained, skilled career union professionals, who might not
necessarily live in town, but are full-time, often with pensions and other sorts
of typical union benefits.

Proponents and opponents both mentioned how the pipeline has been addressed
recently by other Iowa counties. Malachowski read aloud an anti-pipeline
resolution recently passed by the Boone County Board of Supervisors, while
Hollinrake mentioned Story and Jefferson had recently decided not to take up
similar actions.

Schmidt encouraged the board to take no action on the proposed resolution, as
mostly personal views were presented to the supervisors while scientific data
will need to be shown to the IUB in order to gain approval. Newton residents
Dana Simbro said a supervisors' resolution would carry more weight than the
words of the average citizen, and Patricia McNamara said a pipeline leaves a
lasting impression on topography.

Supervisors Denny Carpenter and Joe Brock both concurred with Carpenter in terms
of remaining neutral on a state project their board would have to help
implement, if approved.

"I have (utility) pipelines on my property, and I hate them," Brock said. "They
require all kinds of work. I sit on this board to help facilitate the needs of
our constituencies. I don't know how we can do that fairly if we take a stand
one way or the other."

Holdefer indicated last week that they also plan to ask State Sen. Chaz Allen
(D-Newton) and Jasper County Environmental Health Director Kevin Luetters to
publicly decline support of the pipeline project. Allen, who was not at
Tuesday's meeting, told the Newton Daily News that he has not received
correspondence from Holdefer or another outspoken landowner, Dan Gannon and will
not take a position on the pipeline's construction.

Allen said he's told Dakota Access representatives he would support legislation
strengthening Iowa's eminent domain laws if it reaches the Iowa Senate floor in
the coming session. But he is also director of the Jasper County Economic
Development Corporation.

As JEDCO director, Allen has been in direct communication with representatives
from Dakota Access. He said he provided company officials with landowners'
contact information while its representatives searched for a staging area for
piping intended for the project. Allen said otherwise JEDCO did not help to
facilitate the stockpile.

If the pipeline's permit is approved by the IUB, the JEDCO director said he sees
it as his responsibility to ensure the county receives any economic benefit
possible, from temporary union construction jobs to property tax revenue.

"If the project moves forward, it's my job as JEDCO director to see it's
financially beneficial for Jasper County," Allen said. "There are people against
the pipeline project, but if it's approved, we want to put Jasper County in a
better situation."

Reporter Michael Mendenhall contributed to this story.

Contact Jason W. Brooks at 641-792-3121 ext. 6532 or jbrooks@newtondailynews.com

___ (c)2015 the Newton Daily News (Newton, Iowa) Visit the Newton Daily News
(Newton, Iowa) at www.newtondailynews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151111-1NI-Pipeline-opponents-unable-to-sway
-county-supervisors-1111-20151111

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NI


                     Copyright 2015 Newton Daily News, Iowa


                              429 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Hungry Horse News, Columbia Falls, Mont.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 14, 2012 Wednesday

Campaign cash failed to sway

BYLINE: Chris Peterson, Hungry Horse News, Columbia Falls, Mont.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 323 words


Nov. 14--Registered voters in Columbia Falls may not have sat on the same side
of the political aisle, but they seem to have one thing in common: They claim
money spent on this year's election had little impact on how they actually
voted.

Voters were bombarded with ads in television, newspapers and on the Internet.
Their mailboxes were stuffed with political flyers -- mostly attack ads against
one candidate or another. In addition their phones rang every night, with many
of the calls being "robo calls" where a person isn't actually on the other end
of the line, but a recorded message plays, provided the caller holds onto the
phone long enough to hear it. Oftentimes, the line was simply dead.

"It (the campaigning) made me re-think several things," said Day Thommen. "But I
still made my decisions based on track records."

Voter Shonda Kennedy has lived in Montana 42 years and this was one of the
nastiest campaigns she could remember.

When a negative ad came on the TV she said she just changed the channel.

The mailers?

"I didn't read them," she said. "I threw them out right away."

She said she researched the candidates on her own and then made decisions.

Stephanie Mills said she also found the campaigns annoying, but the debates were
where the rubber met the road.

""You'd get tired of it," she said. "The debates and things they actually said
and what they didn't say" is what made up her mind.

Michelle DiGaetano also said the campaigning was too much. The flyers went in
the trash.

"I did my own research online," said.

The campaign was one of the most expensive in Montana history. The U.S. Senate
race alone likely had more than $30 million in outside money spent on it, not
including the $18 million that was raised by the candidates.

___ (c)2012 the Hungry Horse News (Columbia Falls, Mont.) Visit the Hungry Horse
News (Columbia Falls, Mont.) at www.flatheadnewsgroup.com/hungryhorsenews/
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121114-HX-Campaign-cash-failed-to-sway-1114-20121114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HX


            Copyright 2012 Hungry Horse News, Columbia Falls, Mont.


                              430 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Bluefield Daily Telegraph (West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 29, 2011 Saturday

Defenses likely to hold sway when Concord invades Fairmont

BYLINE: Tom Bone, Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 671 words


Oct. 29--ATHENS -- The defenses may dictate the direction of today's WVIAC
football matchup between Concord and Fairmont State universities.

The Mountain Lions (4-3, 4-1 in conference games) will be the homecoming matchup
at Fairmont State (6-2, 3-2) in a game each must win in order to harbor
realistic hopes for the league championship.

Concord, in second place in the conference standings, is coming off a bye week.
Last Saturday was to have been a home game with Urbana (Ohio) University but the
deal fell apart in the summer.

Garin Justice, the Mountain Lions' head coach, said the weekend without a game
was helpful. He told Concord's Kyle Cooper on the CU athletics website, "We got
some time off, and that given us a chance to heal.  We have some guys who are a
little beat up, which happens at this time of year."

Concord hopes to get running back Brian Kennedy back into form after a high
ankle sprain. He will face a Fairmont State defense that has not allowed a
100-yard game to a runner all season.

The Mountain Lion defense is second in NCAA Division II in turnover margin at
1.86 per game, generated from 13 interceptions and 10 fumble recoveries. Concord
has suffered seven interceptions and lost three of eight fumbles this year.

Linebacker Jake Lilly is sixth in the nation in tackles per game with an average
of 11.7 per contest. Linebacker Joe Greenway has 67 tackles, three
interceptions, two fumble recoveries and a sack so far this season.

Concord has given up just six offensive touchdowns in its five conference games.

Fairmont State linebacker Garrett Davis, the current WVIAC defensive player of
the week, has bagged seven sacks in the last three games. In 2011, he has 44
solo tackles and 18 tackles for a loss, good for 12th in the nation in that
category.

The Falcons are sixth in the nation in rushing defense (89.75 yards per game)
and in sacks (3.75 per game).

In a marked turnaround from last season, Concord ranks 120th in Division II in
scoring offense (20.14 points per game), due partly to the caliber of CU's early
out-of-conference foes. But Concord's defense is holding opponents to 19.14
points per outing.

Concord quarterback Zack Grossi threw for 267 yards in his last game, an 18-9
win over Seton Hill. The Floridian has passed for 1,749 yards and 11 scores in
the current campaign, completing 56.4 percent of his passes.

With Kennedy injured, Chris Rodriguez has stepped in to pace Concord's rushing
game. Against Seton Hill he accumulated 154 yards and a touchdown on 27 carries.

Fairmont State's main running threat is Daniel Monroe, a freshman who was a
redshirt last year at Florida State. The league's leading rusher, Monroe has
scored 14 touchdowns already and is 24 yards away from 1,000 yards rushing for
the season.

He is 10th in Division II in points scored (84) and 11th in rushing yards (976).

Justice said on Concord's website, "They want to run right at you.  Monroe is a
having a great year and they really rely on him.  He's going to pose a challenge
for our defense."

He may get a lot of touches, since Fairmont State is 123rd nationally in pass
offense and Concord is 24th in pass defense, giving up an average of 175 yards
per game.

Fairmont's Matt Wilmer averages 22.64 yards per punt return, fourth best
nationally, boosted by a 93-yard touchdown return against Clarion (Pa.).

The Falcons will be looking for their first win of the year against a team with
a record above .500.

They played league leader West Virginia Wesleyan close two weeks ago, losing
21-14, then beat Seton Hill 38-20 last Saturday.

Last fall, Concord scored 31 unanswered points to come from behind and defeat
Fairmont State 41-17. The Athenians have won the last two games between the
schools and three of the last five. Fairmont holds the overall series 43-30-2.

Game time is 2 p.m. in Fairmont.

-- Contact Tom Bone at

tbone@bdtonline.com

___ (c)2011 the Bluefield Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) Visit the Bluefield
Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) at bdtonline.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111029-WF-Defenses-likely-to-hold-sway
-when-Concord-invades-Fairmont-1029-20111029

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WF


                    Copyright 2011 Bluefield Daily Telegraph


                              431 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           November 5, 2009 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

INNER TUBE: THE HOT TV NEWS.

SECTION: TELEVISION; Pg. 98

LENGTH: 332 words


Palin booked for 'Oprah,' Walters

Get ready to see a whole lot more of Sarah Palin.

The former Alaska governor and Republican vice-presidential candidate is hitting
the road to sell her book "Going Rogue: An American Life," and she'll be on TV
over and over.

Palin sits with Oprah Winfrey for an edition of Winfrey's show to air Nov. 16 at
4 p.m. on WABC/Ch. 7.

Then, on Nov. 17, ABC kicks off a five-part series on Palin, the bulk of it
being an interview with Barbara Walters. Walters will do the Q&A next week in
New York. A crew is also being sent to Alaska to talk to Palin's family.

The interview breaks on "Good Morning America." A portion will air on
"Nightline" the night of Nov. 17. More will air the next day on "GMA," and even
more on Nov. 20 on "20/20."

Chris Brown tells Sway his story

Just as Rihanna speaks about her beating by Chris Brown on ABC's "GMA" today and
Friday, and on "20/20" Friday night, there's word that Brown will talk on MTV
Friday at 6 p.m.

"Chris Brown: The Interview" has him talking to Sway about the incident and how
he's trying to put it behind him.

"My thought is, like," Brown says in a promo clip, "why did it happen, what was
I thinking, what is wrong with you?"

Dots all ...

Janet Jackson will spend an hour with ABC's Robin Roberts for an interview to
air Nov. 18 at 10:01 p.m. Jackson is letting cameras into her Malibu home for
the first time, according to ABC. ...

Michelle Obama's vegetable garden is about to become a culinary battlefield. The
Food Network announced yesterday that an episode of "Iron Chef America" will
include scenes at the White House with Mario Batali, Bobby Flay and Emeril
Lagasse. The trio, joined by White House chef Cristeta Comerford, will be
welcomed by the First Lady and allowed to use anything from the garden. The
competition will then move to the network's Kitchen Stadium in New York, where
Flay and Comerford will face off against Batali and Lagasse to produce five
dishes using the ingredients.

The episode airs Jan. 3.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SARAH PALIN. ROBIN ROBERTS.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.


                              432 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              May 4, 2013 Saturday

Sacrifices Should Be Made To Get On Stable Ground

BYLINE: Damian Hondares, 18 / Freestyle

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 862  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


DAMIAN HONDARES, 18

Freestyle Staff Writer

freestyle@lnpnews.com

"Doing what is right isn't always popular, just as doing what is popular isn't
always right."

This quote - of which I am particularly fond - is commonly featured on posters
hanging in schools, and I have seen it almost every day for the past four years.
Only recently did I truly think about its message and I came to understand that,
other than just being meaningful in a philosophical sense, it is more
importantly the fundamental truth of economics.

In recent months, it has become evident that some individuals (admittedly on
both sides) in our government are attempting to sway voters using fallacious
economic analyses and, quite frankly, lies.

It is time for someone in this country to stand up for what is right, as opposed
to that which is popular.

The first major understanding that we must possess is that economics cannot be
adequately assessed in terms of the unemployment rate. Too often, our leaders
attempt to use unemployment figures to sway election outcomes in an attempt to
solidify support from individuals from poorer backgrounds. It is also grossly
shortsighted; the private sector works in a cyclical manner. People who may not
be well off today have a much better chance to move up the socioeconomic ladder
than they would in other countries.

"Wealth Inequality in America," a viral video released several months ago,
painted a grim picture of the distribution of wealth in the U.S. However, it was
horribly misleading. No one will deny there is wealth inequality in the U.S.
There should be. The U.S. has a great deal of social mobility. If you analyze
documents from the Treasury Department, you will find that between 1965 and
2009, the real mean household income (adjusted for inflation) of families in the
top quintile increased by 71 percent, quite a large jump, whereas the real mean
household income of families in the bottom quintile increased by 25 percent.

This fails to show the large number of individuals (approximately 45 percent)
from lower income brackets who moved up the socioeconomic ladder between 1987
and 1996, and the equally large number of individuals (approximately 42 percent)
from higher income brackets who dropped several rungs.

The other factor that must be taken into consideration is the disparity in wages
earned by parents and their children. More data provided by the Treasury
Department suggests that in 2000, workers who came from the top 20 percent were
earning on average the same as their parents had earned in the 1970s (adjusted
for inflation, of course). On the other hand, workers who grew up in the poorest
20 percent of households were on average earning double what their parents had
earned. This is a surprising display of the considerable upward mobility
possible in American capitalism.

Of course, this is only a partial picture. Throughout this article, I have
mentioned inflation, which is a topic on which many Americans are sadly
misinformed (or underinformed). It is a rather simple fact that the more you
have of something, the less it is worth. When the United States government
spends in excess, it prints more dollars. The more dollars the government
prints, the less each individual dollar is worth. To compensate for this loss in
value, prices on goods and services are raised, leaving the consumer to pay
increased prices.

To an extent, there is a healthy level of inflation that occurs. However, there
comes a point at which, as economist Milton Friedman suggested, there is quite
simply "too much money chasing too few goods." When this happens, and prices
continue to rise, the wealthy are unhurt. They are the people with the most
political connections, the people running the big banks and corporations. Money
flows to them first, not necessarily to the poor. So the wealthy can afford to
raise prices and to subsequently pay the increased prices, but the individuals
at the bottom are hurt.

Wealth does indeed trickle down, but it does not happen overnight. The poor are
forced to pay higher prices for years, continually being hurt more and more,
waiting for wealth to trickle down. It does, but the increased government
spending and subsequent inflation are making matters much more difficult for the
individuals at the bottom of the socioeconomic ladder. Interestingly enough,
decreased spending (likely on entitlements) could theoretically have a much more
beneficial impact on the average consumer.

We should take a serious look at minimizing entitlement programs (and, yes,
defense spending), even if it means hurting some individuals in the short run.
In the long run, those individuals have greater opportunities for success. These
are not false assumptions or idealistic dreams. I am, for the most part,
everything but an optimist. I understand that there is a greater level of
opportunity present than some in the political system would have you believe.
Does it require a greater level of trust in the system than we are used to? Yes.
And will it require some sacrifice? Yes. Is sacrifice popular? Not at all. But
then again, doing what is right isn't always popular, just as doing what is
popular isn't always right.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              433 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 18, 2011 Monday

Hot days hold sway

BYLINE: Dennis Magee, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 504 words


July 18--WATERLOO, Iowa -- It's July. It's Iowa. A reasonable person familiar
with the territory might expect some sticky weather.

What folks have experienced recently -- and likely face until at least the
weekend -- represents something beyond typical summer conditions, however.

"Hot and humid conditions will likely persist into Thursday, making this heat
wave the most prolonged in over 20 years across central Iowa," according to the
National Weather Service.

Meteorologists are calling for an extended and dangerous situation, and an
excessive heat warning is in effect until 9 p.m. Thursday for the entire state.

Today could be the worst, though that is something of a relative term. The high
is forecast to reach 96 degrees in Waterloo, and temperatures will stay near
that point for four days. The high Friday is expected to be 91 as the heat wave
breaks down gradually.

"Sweltering humidity throughout the period will produce heat index readings from
110 to 115 degrees across much of the area each afternoon and evening,"
according to the weather service.

Nighttime will bring little relief. Low temperatures, if you can call them that,
will be in the upper 70s. The temperature at 6 a.m. today in Waterloo was 79
degrees.

"Significant relief from the heat is not anticipated through at least Saturday,"
according to the weather service.

So far in July, official temperatures for Waterloo have been hotter than average
11 of 17 days, and thermometers have topped 90 degrees five times.

The highest temperature ever recorded in Waterloo is 112 degrees set in July
1936. Highs that month in Waterloo averaged 82.4.

So far in July 2011, the average high in Waterloo has been 86.8 degrees.

In its warning, the agency notes the prolonged situation "can cause stress and
create conditions favorable for heat-related problems." Those include serious
health risks for humans and for pets and livestock.

According to the Iowa Department of Public Health, signs of a heat-related
illness include confusion, irritability, loss of coordination, unusual fatigue
and goose bumps or chills.

These steps can help reduce the risk:

-- Drink often and regularly, and drink more than just water if sweating a lot.
The agency recommends salty foods or rehydration drinks, especially for those
sweating profusely for more than 90 minutes.

-- Drink noncaffeinated fluids.

-- Stay in the shade as much as possible

-- Use common sense and avoid hot foods, hot drinks and heavy foods

-- According to the health department, anyone experiencing a headache, fatigue,
getting light-headed or noticing a decrease in performance should stop the
activity and move into a cool or shady place and rehydrate.

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110718-OO-HLT-Hot-days-hold-sway-0718-20110718

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2011 Waterloo Courier


                              434 of 998 DOCUMENTS


              The Stanly News & Press (Albemarle, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

Mother charged after trying to sway witness

BYLINE: Ritchie Starnes, The Stanly News & Press, Albemarle, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 378 words


Dec. 20--A mother formerly accused of frequently helping her son evade legal
consequences was charged for doing just that.

Susan Honeycutt was charged with obstructing law enforcement after she asked a
witness to not call the N.C. Highway Patrol about a single-car crash on Nov. 27,
according to the investigating trooper A.C. McLester.

Susan Honeycutt's son, Daylan A. Honeycutt, was charged with multiple offenses
after he drove a 2008 Nissan off Millingport Road and into a field of crops
where the car overturned. He left the scene of the crash where an open container
of alcohol was later found, McLester said.

An early morning deer hunter came upon the scene and gave Daylan Honeycutt a
ride to a Canton Road residence, believed to be a family member.

As the hunter returned to his deer stand he came across Susan Honeycutt at the
scene of the crash, McLester said.

"She told the witness (deer hunter) not to call the Highway Patrol because her
son would go to jail," McLester said.

Attempts to immediately locate Daylan Honeycutt after the crash were
unsuccessful as Susan Honeycutt's husband would not reveal his whereabouts,
McLester said.

"I couldn't put her husband at the scene, but I could tie Susan Honeycutt to the
scene," McLester said.

It was not until about 8 hours after the crash that Daylan Honeycutt contacted
McLester about his early morning crash. He refused to give a statement, citing
advice of counsel, McLester said.

Both Daylan and Susan Honeycutt were charged on the same day. They turned
themselves in at the Sheriff's Office, McLester said.

Daylan Honeycutt has a history of run-ins with the law. Most of his charges in
Stanly County have been dropped or reduced, prompting allegations that Susan
Honeycutt used her former position as a trial court coordinator to help keep her
son from facing any serious consequences.

A subsequent State Bureau of Investigation probe found that Susan Honeycutt did
not use her job as influence for her son.

Earlier this year Daylan Honeycutt was charged in Tennessee with
domestic-related charges for an incident involving his then girlfriend.

___ (c)2016 The Stanly News & Press (Albemarle, N.C.) Visit The Stanly News &
Press (Albemarle, N.C.) at www.thesnaponline.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161220-ZF-Mother-charged-after-trying-to-sway-witness-20161220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZF


                     Copyright 2016 The Stanly News & Press


                              435 of 998 DOCUMENTS


              The Stanly News & Press (Albemarle, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

Mother charged after trying to sway witness

BYLINE: Ritchie Starnes, The Stanly News & Press, Albemarle, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 378 words


Dec. 19--A mother formerly accused of frequently helping her son evade legal
consequences was charged for doing just that.

Susan Honeycutt was charged with obstructing law enforcement after she asked a
witness to not call the N.C. Highway Patrol about a single-car crash on Nov. 27,
according to the investigating trooper A.C. McLester.

Susan Honeycutt's son, Daylan A. Honeycutt, was charged with multiple offenses
after he drove a 2008 Nissan off Millingport Road and into a field of crops
where the car overturned. He left the scene of the crash where an open container
of alcohol was later found, McLester said.

An early morning deer hunter came upon the scene and gave Daylan Honeycutt a
ride to a Canton Road residence, believed to be a family member.

As the hunter returned to his deer stand he came across Susan Honeycutt at the
scene of the crash, McLester said.

"She told the witness (deer hunter) not to call the Highway Patrol because her
son would go to jail," McLester said.

Attempts to immediately locate Daylan Honeycutt after the crash were
unsuccessful as Susan Honeycutt's husband would not reveal his whereabouts,
McLester said.

"I couldn't put her husband at the scene, but I could tie Susan Honeycutt to the
scene," McLester said.

It was not until about 8 hours after the crash that Daylan Honeycutt contacted
McLester about his early morning crash. He refused to give a statement, citing
advice of counsel, McLester said.

Both Daylan and Susan Honeycutt were charged on the same day. They turned
themselves in at the Sheriff's Office, McLester said.

Daylan Honeycutt has a history of run-ins with the law. Most of his charges in
Stanly County have been dropped or reduced, prompting allegations that Susan
Honeycutt used her former position as a trial court coordinator to help keep her
son from facing any serious consequences.

A subsequent State Bureau of Investigation probe found that Susan Honeycutt did
not use her job as influence for her son.

Earlier this year Daylan Honeycutt was charged in Tennessee with
domestic-related charges for an incident involving his then girlfriend.

___ (c)2016 The Stanly News & Press (Albemarle, N.C.) Visit The Stanly News &
Press (Albemarle, N.C.) at www.thesnaponline.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161219-ZF-Mother-charged-after-trying-to-sway-witness-20161219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZF


                     Copyright 2016 The Stanly News & Press


                              436 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

First presidential debate does little to sway Fredericksburg area voters

BYLINE: Jeff Branscome, The Free Lance-Star, Fredericksburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 671 words


Sept. 27--Scott Olsen's yard sign speaks for itself: "Everybody sucks 2016. The
U.S. is doomed."

And the inaugural presidential debate Monday did not change that perspective.
Come November, Olsen said, he will be voting for the lesser of two evils--though
he says he is still not sure if that is Democrat Hillary Clinton or Republican
Donald Trump.

"I am what some people have described as a fiscal conservative with a social
conscience," said Olsen, 59, of Fredericksburg. "When I saw these two candidates
... I was just kind of shaking my head."

But the self-described "fierce independent" said Clinton did more to win him
over during the debate. The former secretary of state was much more poised than
Trump, he said, adding that the businessman went "right off the rails" after
about 15 or 20 minutes.

"It was embarrassing to watch," he said of Trump's performance.

The debate was televised in a split screen, allowing viewers to watch the facial
expressions of both candidates. Olsen said Trump at times looked like "his head
was ready to blow off," while Clinton displayed what he referred to as a
"self-satisfied" smirk when her opponent went on tangents.

University of Mary Washington political science professor Stephen Farnsworth,
who hosted a debate watch on the Fredericksburg campus, said he thought neither
candidate won over many new voters--echoing the thoughts of other political
analysts.

"In a roomful of 100 students or so, not one student said they walked into the
debate favoring one candidate and walked out of the debate favoring a different
one," Farnsworth said.

As of 5 p.m. Tuesday, 49 percent of the more than 600 respondents to an
unscientific fredericksburg.com poll thought Clinton won the debate, while about
41 percent thought Trump was the victor.

Trump needs to be better prepared at the next debate to talk about his policy
ideas in greater depth, Farnsworth said.

"Donald Trump is a smart guy, but he came to this debate unprepared," he said.

He said Clinton seemed unsteady when asked about crime and trade, though he said
she was generally "crisp in her answers."

Clinton also effectively needled Trump on several occasions, such as when she
questioned whether the mogul is as rich as he says he is, Farnsworth said.

Stafford County resident Steve Albertson--a member of the Republican Party of
Virginia's State Central Committee--said Clinton is clearly a better debater
than Trump, but he thought Trump's criticism of U.S. trade policies will win
over voters in key Rust Belt states.

Clinton, he said, would have won on points if the debate were scored like a
boxing match. "But it's not a boxing match--it's an electoral game," added
Alberston, who said Clinton didn't do anything to increase the low enthusiasm
among the Democratic electorate.

Olsen, a security contractor for the U.S. Army and Coast Guard veteran, said he
liked how Trump held Clinton's feet to the fire on her previous comments in
support of the controversial Trans-Pacific trade deal. Clinton now says she
opposes the deal.

Olsen noted that Clinton also effectively criticized Trump for his refusal to
release his tax returns.

The next two debates will help him determine who to support, but Olsen said
Trump has a larger hill to climb. Olsen said he's turned off by Trump's
derogatory comments toward women and the racist undercurrent of his campaign,
among other issues.

"I'd like to see him show some presidential poise, and he's not doing that,"
Olsen said. "If he would do that just once, it would kind of make me stand up
and say, OK, maybe, just maybe, he's getting there--maybe now he gets it."

Whoever wins, Olsen said, he does not think the U.S. is doomed like his yard
sign satirically states. He said the county may have its issues, but "I'll be
damned if I'd trade it for anything else."

Jeff Branscome: 540/374-5402

jbranscome@freelancestar.com

___ (c)2016 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Va.) Visit The Free Lance-Star
(Fredericksburg, Va.) at www.fredericksburg.com/flshome Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160927-FB-First-presidential-debate-does-little-to-sway
-Fredericksburg-area-voters-0927-20160927

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FB


                       Copyright 2016 The Free Lance-Star


                              437 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Broomfield Enterprise, Colo.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

Opposition to cell tower fails to sway City Council

BYLINE: Jennifer Rios, Broomfield Enterprise, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 903 words


Jan. 13--Neighbors who opposed building a Verizon cell tower left Tuesday
night's emotional City Council meeting disappointed.

Those members of the council who voted with the majority last month to approve
the 52-foot tower didn't file motions to reconsider, so the matter is
essentially closed.

Mayor Randy Ahrens made it clear the motion had to be on the agenda for a
revote.

"How convenient for you," Broomfield resident Colleen Rios called out as she
stood up to approach the podium. "You don't consider us at all."

Ahrens, who told Rios she was out of order, still allowed her speak her mind.

"When I came to Colorado I was going to buy a home in Standley Lake," she said.
"I didn't because of the towers. I looked at Broomfield and I loved it."

The council heard public comment from half a dozen Willow Place residents,
including Stacy Warden, who has argued the tower could negatively affect her son
Noah's already compromised health.

Warden is worried frequency waves from the tower will interfere with his
life-saving medical equipment, and that noise from the tower could spike his
sensory sensitivity issues, and cause him to gag until he vomits.

Noah, now 7, was diagnosed with spastic quadriplegia cerebral palsy when he was
2.

After the meeting Warden said she wasn't keen on accepting a dialogue with
Verizon -- something Mayor Pro Tem Greg Stokes suggested -- because she felt
they would be dismissive.

"I think we're all really shocked," she said. "We were really hopeful City
Council would hear us today and I feel like it didn't matter what we brought the
past three weeks. They had no intention of changing their minds from the last
hearing."

City attorney Bill Tuthill told council they could have a conversation with
Verizon to delay the project as a courtesy, but with the understanding that they
have a legal right to proceed.

Councilwoman Sharon Tessier placed a request for future study session on cell
towers and antennas -- a motion that passed unanimously and one that was
applauded by residents when it was proposed.

Tessier said she appreciated the time and effort the Warden family put into
their research.

"I would be doing this too as a mom," she said. "That is my No. 1 concern -- the
health and safety of Noah."

Tessier said she asked individual officials if they would change their vote, but
"most said no."

"I want a study session and not have anything move forward with the cell tower
until we get more information on how it would specifically affect Noah in
particular or people with different disabilities," Tessier said.

Councilman Sam Taylor said cell towers are not a single issue, although it may
be for Noah.

Most people have cell phones, he said, and more bandwidth will be needed in the
future. He strongly supported the council look at all issues, including how to
make sure all residents get good cell coverage.

"Cell phone service is becoming a commodity like electricity, like cable TV,
like water," he said.

Resident Rhonda Loerstscher asked council whether there were any members of
Calvary Church among them, or if any were a Verizon customer within the past two
months.

Although he felt the question was out of order, Taylor agreed that Loerstscher
had a point about the church affiliation, because of the financial
consideration. Verizon will pay Calvary $2,000 a month to build the tower on its
grounds, which will help the church pay for a new building. The church was
demolished after a struggle with structural damage caused by soil problems. The
congregation currently meets in the gym.

Taylor said he had no conflict. Erickson, Shelton, Tessier and Kevin Kreeger
volunteered that they were not church members or Verizon customers. Ahrens, who
was not part of the December vote, said he used to be a Calvary church member.

Mayor Pro Tem Greg Stokes, who said he has tried to respond to all emails about
the tower, was open to approaching Verizon to work with the Warden family to
address Noah's health concerns. He didn't feel council was solving any problems
by delaying.

Tuthill read a section of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 that said no local
government can regulate the "placement, construction or modification of personal
wireless service facilities" based on environmental features as long as it
complies with the Federal Communications Commission guidelines. That includes
health concerns or worries about migratory birds, which was another issue
brought up at the meting.

Several residents continued to bring up an aesthetic argument -- they simply
don't want to look out their window and see the tower.

Gina Wittner, who also lives near the church, declined to sign the petition
against the cell tower several months ago when a neighbor came to her home.

Since then she said she has been inundated with email and information posted on
a neighborhood website.

"I don't think we should have the right to tell each other what we should put on
our property," Wittner said.

One comment that was especially off-putting was her neighbor's taking offense to
placing a cross on the church property.

"I can't disagree with that more," she said. "It should just be their right to
put a cross on their tower."

Jennifer Rios: 303-473-1361, riosj@broomfieldenterprise.com or
Twitter.com/Jennifer_Rios

___ (c)2016 the Broomfield Enterprise (Broomfield, Colo.) Visit the Broomfield
Enterprise (Broomfield, Colo.) at www.broomfieldenterprise.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160113-1BE-Opposition-to-cell-tower-fails-to-sway
-City-Council-0113-20160113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BE


                      Copyright 2016 Broomfield Enterprise


                              438 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

I-70 toll road could sway region's traffic

BYLINE: Ray Scherer, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 642 words


Dec. 15--The still-lofty prospect of collecting tolls from motorists on
Interstate 70 could turn out to be a blessing for Northwest Missouri.

Gov. Jay Nixon's call for the Missouri Department of Transportation to review
toll roads to improve the interstate is spurring conversation among lawmakers
and interest groups. The governor wants MoDOT to submit its findings by the end
of the year. Proponents have said such a program would aid the state's ailing
transportation funding network.

While the topic of toll roads for I-70 has been bounced around for more than a
decade, some sense the idea could stand to have some merit for U.S. Highway 36.

State Sen. Dr. Rob Schaaf, R-St. Joseph, said instituting tolls for I-70 easily
would divert traffic flow onto Northwest Missouri's main east-west thoroughfare.

"I have always thought that tolling I-70 might be a solution to our
transportation problems," Dr. Schaaf said. "It puts the cost of the upgrade to
the user, which would be a boon to St. Joseph."

State Rep. Galen Higdon, R-St. Joseph, also said he believes such a change could
potentially bring in more out-of-state residents.

"Basically what happens (is) the cross-country travelers find a different
route," he said. "A lot of them will stay on their route," he said, alluding to
a preference for I-70.

Yet for state Rep. Delus Johnson, R-St. Joseph, the notion of toll roads already
is dead on arrival in the Capitol.

"It's nearly impossible," Mr. Johnson said about legislative approval. He
referred to the failed Aug. 5 sales tax election for transportation. "A toll on
I-70 is essentially a tax."

Mr. Johnson said one option toward funding the department might be determining
better road-building materials for projects. Another idea is whether road funds
could be tapped from the state's general revenue, he added.

Two members of a group that sought voter support for the highway sales tax say
tolling may pose a solution to the funding woes.

"We certainly kicked those around," said Mike Meierhoffer, a St. Joseph member
of the Missouri Transportation Alliance. He referred to discussions on tolls
that have occurred since the alliance formed in 2008. "It really surprises me."

Mr. Meierhoffer said he has not been contacted so far for an opinion on the
study.

"Something has to be done," he said about MoDOT's financial shortfall. Logic, he
added, dictates that implementing the tolls would have a carryover in truck and
other commercial traffic flowing onto Highway 36 and across the area.

Jewell Patek chaired the sales tax campaign for the failed election and agreed
tolls now have become ripe for consideration. Over the summer, the group had
dismissed tolls based on lack of public support.

"Clearly, we were seeking a comprehensive solution," Mr. Patek said. "We'll have
to look at every program and project on its merits. I think Missourians are
going to have to closely" regard tolls as a panacea for transportation revenue,
he added.

Other suggestions that have fallen under the alliance's gaze include an increase
in the state's 17-cent fuel tax, redirected state general revenue and reduced
services. The group is currently reorganizing but still is pursuing a plan.

"We've been talking to legislators, getting a lot of feedback this fall," said
Mr. Patek, who once represented a regional district in the Missouri House of
Representatives.

He cautioned that new MoDOT funding must be established in part to curtail the
risk of bridge collapses -- such as the one that recently occurred just outside
Mound City, Mo.

Ed Douglas, president of the Highway 36 Association, said the cost of a toll
would give more people an incentive to use the northern route as a bypass.

___ (c)2014 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141215-JM-I-70-toll-road-could-sway-region-s-traffic-1215-20141215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2014 St. Joseph News-Press


                              439 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 17, 2012 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Ritchie let politics sway ballot decision

BYLINE: Grand Forks Herald, N.D.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 515 words


July 17--If it looks like a partisan act and sounds like a partisan act ...

Most important, if interest groups without exception line up as they would with
a partisan act ...

Then it's probably a partisan act.

Sorry, Minnesota Secretary of State Mark Ritchie. But you stand accused of
letting your Democratic Party affiliation influence what should be your office's
most neutral and nonpolitical role: administering Minnesota's elections.

In the past few weeks, Ritchie has discarded the Legislature-approved titles of
two amendments that will be on the November ballot and replaced them with his
own.

So, the Voter ID amendment, which originally was titled "Photo Identification
Required for Voting," now will be titled "Changes to in-person & absentee voting
& voter registration; provisional ballots."

And the anti-same-sex marriage amendment, which the Legislature had titled
"Recognition of Marriage Solely Between One Man and One Woman," under Ritchie's
hand has become "Limiting the Status of Marriage to Opposite Sex Couples."

The evidence is in on Ritchie's renaming. And the "jury" has reached a verdict:

Virtually all Democrats and liberal groups who have spoken out have supported
Ritchie's action. Virtually all Republicans and conservative groups who've said
their piece have opposed it.

Just as important, there's no crossover: No Republicans are coming to Ritchie's
defense. No Democrats are saying he acted unwisely.

In other words, Ritchie's action in renaming the measures is transparently
political. It's obviously an effort by a person who opposes both amendments to
skew the vote in his side's favor.

As secretary of state, Ritchie may have had the authority to rename the
amendments as he did. (Republican lawmakers have challenged the action, and the
courts will decide.)

But he should have had the wisdom to show more restraint. On election issues,
the Minnesota secretary of state should play it straight down the middle,
exactly as Democrats would insist if a Republican held the office.

Which, come to think of it, is another test of partisanship. How would Democrats
have responded if former Republican Secretary of State Mary Kiffmeyer still had
held office in 2008 and had done the same thing?

In November of that year, what's now popularly called the "Clean Water, Land and
Legacy Amendment" appeared on the Minnesota ballot under this title: "Clean
Water, Wildlife, Cultural Heritage, and Natural Areas."

Suppose Kiffmeyer had scratched out that title and replaced it with her own.

Suppose she had chosen, "Twenty-Five Year, Three-Eighths of One Percent Sales
Tax Increase."

Would Democrats have accepted that as the gracious act of a nonpartisan
elections administrator?

Case closed.

Ritchie should have shown more restraint. There are times when raw partisanship
is appropriate, but the naming of ballot measures by Minnesota's duly sworn
secretary of state is not one of them.

-- Tom Dennis for the Herald

___ (c)2012 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120717-GF-EDITORIAL-Ritchie-let-politics-sway
-ballot-decision-0717-20120717

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2012 Grand Forks Herald


                              440 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Courier-Tribune, Asheboro, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Election season in full sway; early voting begins Oct. 23

BYLINE: J.D. Walker, The Courier-Tribune, Asheboro, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


Oct. 13--Editor's Note: The Courier-Tribune's profiles on candidates in the
contested races begin this week. Wednesday: The Randolph County Board of
Education.

ASHEBORO -- In just over a week, voters can begin taking advantage of early
voting for the 2014 General Election on Nov. 4. Absentee voting has been going
on for several weeks.

Randolph County one-stop early voting will run Thursday-Friday, Oct. 23-24, and
Monday-Friday, Oct. 27-31, 8:30 a.m.-6:30 p.m.; and on Saturday, Oct. 25, and
Saturday, Nov. 1, 8:30 a.m.-1 p.m., at the following locations:

-- Randolph County Office Building, 725 McDowell Road, first floor, Asheboro.

-- Randolph Community Services Building, 213 Balfour Drive, Archdale.

-- Randleman Community Center, 144 W. Academy St., Randleman.

-- Randolph County Board of Elections, 158 Worth St., Asheboro.

Voters are asked to remember the county reduced the number of polling places in
2013 to 22. To find out where you will be voting, log onto the county board of
elections office website at co.randolph.nc.us/elections.

Voters do not have to show an ID during this election cycle. Two additional
changes to state election laws will be allowed to take effect for this election.
Same-day registration will not be allowed. Also, if a voter shows up at the
wrong polling place, they will not be allowed to vote a provisional ballot.

A number of local races are already decided. Certain incumbents have no
challengers on the ballot. Randolph County Commissioner Darrell Frye is running
unopposed for the District 2 county board seat. Incumbents, Clerk of Court Pam
Hill and Register of Deeds Krista Lowe, are also unopposed. Sheriff Maynard
Reid, Republican, has no challengers, either.

There is a three-way race for the District 3 commissioner seat between
Republican David Allen of Liberty, Democrat Elworth Cheek of Ramseur and
unaffiliated candidate Kyle Dixon of Franklinville. Incumbent Harold Holmes
chose not to run for re-election. Incumbent Commissioner Stan Haywood, a
Republican, will work to hold his seat in District 4 against challenger,
Libertarian Jeremy Hussey.

In state races, N.C. Reps. Pat Hurley, R-Randolph, and Allen McNeill,
R-Randolph, Moore, have no opponents. Neither does state Sen. Rick Gunn,
R-Randolph, Alamance.

Incumbent state Sen. Jerry Tillman, R-Randolph, Moore, is running in a race
against Democrat Tommy Davis of Aberdeen.

In the federal races, incumbent U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers, R-N.C., is in race
against Democrat Clay Aiken. U.S. Rep. Richard Hudson's District 8 has four
precincts in the southwestern corner of Randolph County. He is running against
Democrat Antonio Blue. In the U.S. Senate race, incumbent Sen. Kay Hagan,
D-N.C., will fend off a challenge from Republican state Speaker of the House
Thom Tillis.

Ten candidates are seeking the three Randolph County Board of Education seats to
be decided by voters in the Nov. 4 nonpartisan race. Emily Thomas Coltrane is
the only incumbent seeking re-election for a four-year term. Other candidates
are Brian Biggs, Fred Burgess, Rodney Chriscoe, John L. Crawford, Jennifer
Leister, Terry Linthicum, Grace Steed, Douglas R. Vickers and Robert L.
Youngblood.

___ (c)2014 The Courier-Tribune, Asheboro, N.C. Visit The Courier-Tribune,
Asheboro, N.C. at www.courier-tribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141013-1AO-Election-season-in-full-sway
-early-voting-begins-Oct-23-1013-20141013

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AO


               Copyright 2014 The Courier-Tribune, Asheboro, N.C.


                              441 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Knoxville Journal-Express (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 7, 2012 Tuesday

Petition, poll, speakers don't sway council

BYLINE: Steve Woodhouse, Knoxville Journal-Express, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 760 words


Aug. 07--KNOXVILLE -- Despite the results of the Journal-Express online poll and
over 700 signatures on a petition to name Greg Higginbotham as the full-time
fire chief, the Knoxville City Council did not take action on the issue.

Higginbotham has served as chief since February, when the previous chief was
dismissed. The City has performed one search for a new, full-time chief, but the
individual offered the job turned it down.

Many residents in the area, and fire/rescue volunteers, have shown their support
for Higginbotham. More was said at last night's regular council meeting.

Kevin Rodgers, who was adament that he was speaking for himself, not Knoxville
Fire/Rescue or Higginbotham, presented the petition to the council. He was
followed by former KFR member Lisa Glover. Glover said the relationship between
the City fire department and the rural is the best it has ever been, under
Higginbotham's leadership. She also cited training Higginbotham has taken to
improve as a member of the department.

"He's taken whatever training has been offered," Glover said.

"The relationship (with the rural fire department) is absolutely great right
now," Knoxville Township Trustee Myles Murphy told the council. "It's the best
it's ever been."

Mike Legvold, Indiana Township Fire Chief and current President of the Marion
County Emergency Management Association, asked the council to not fail
Higginbotham before he fails them.

Jordan Van Ness, a member of Pleasantville Emergency Services and a Des Moines
first responder, cited the increase in cooperative calls between Pleasantville
and Knoxville in 2012. In 2010, the two departments worked together five times.
Already this year, they have provided mutual aid on 18 separate occasions.

City Manager Harold Stewart, who has the authority to hire staff members
including the fire chief, refused to speak publicly about personnel issues. He
thanked those who spoke in favor of Higginbotham for their comments.

Stewart said the costs to advertise for the fire chief, and the hiring process
were minimal. As of last night's meeting, the City had not spent any more on the
search than what was spent the first time.

"Kudos to Greg for everything you do," Councilor Dave Roozeboom said. He went on
to say that the council hired Harold and entrusted him to lead as the City moves
forward. Roozeboom believes the council should give Stewart the opportunity to
pursue his vision for the City. In the past, Roozeboom believes the council
would have agreed to stay with Higginbotham, but if things are done differently,
it may allow greater success in the future.

Councilor Tim Pitt has been involved in the fire chief search since the
beginning. He said there were high goals for the new chief, and that since the
council approved an official job description for the position, they should stay
with it.

"We hired Harold to lead us," Councilor Elsie Kemp said. She has reservations
about seeking a new chief when Higginbotham has not had the opportunity to
receive the necessary training to meet the demands of the job description. She
believes he does not have time to pursue it while serving as chief.

"I imagine he's worked to death right now," Kemp said. "I feel like Greg should
have a chance in some way."

Merle Vickroy, a former fire chief, raised concern that since the rest of the
department is volunteer, they may resign in protest if a new chief is selected.
This is something Higginbotham said, after the meeting, would not be an issue.

"Why would we put somebody in danger...just for a cause?" Higginbotham said. He
said the team has a sense of community and will remain with the department
because they care. As for him, he fully intends to continue to work for
Knoxville Fire/Rescue as long as he can, regardless of the position.

To Higginbotham, the council is looking for a chief with a track record,
something he may have some day, but does not yet have.

"I think I'm doing a good job here," Higginbotham said. While he may not be the
man for the chief's position, according to the council, at this time, he may be
in the future.

The search continues for a new chief. Stewart said he has already arranged
meetings with potential candidates for the end of the month.

The fire chief discussion was only part of a very active, busy council meeting.
Look for full reports on the council's discussions and actions in the Aug. 10
Journal-Express.

___ (c)2012 The Knoxville Journal-Express (Knoxville, Iowa) Visit The Knoxville
Journal-Express (Knoxville, Iowa) at www.journalexpress.net Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120807-JW-Petition-poll-speakers-don-t-sway-council-0807-20120807

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JW


                    Copyright 2012 Knoxville Journal-Express


                              442 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 29, 2011 Tuesday

BRIEF: Medical marijuana defense fails to sway district judge

BYLINE: John Mangalonzo, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 134 words


Nov. 29--Steven Eugene Weigert said he smokes marijuana to ease the pain he's
been experiencing after an attempted suicide in 2004, when he shot himself with
a shotgun.

The 53-year-old West Burlington man noted he grew marijuana for personal use,
not for profit. He needed the pot to supplement other pain medication.

But District Court Judge Mary Ann Brown labeled Weigert's assertion of personal
use as shallow. She said according to the Weigert's presentence investigation
report, he had been smoking pot before he shot himself in the shoulder.

Brown highlighted Weigert's many brushes with the law, which includes drug and
alcohol convictions dating back from 1994.

___ (c)2011 The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa) Visit The Hawk Eye (Burlington,
Iowa) at www.thehawkeye.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111129-QW-BRF-Medical-marijuana-defense-fails-to-sway
-district-judge-1129-20111129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2011 The Hawk Eye


                              443 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            October 8, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Drilling proposal protects Pinellas

BYLINE: CATHERINE DOLINSKI, cdolinski@tampatrib.com

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 451 words


The concessions don't sway most.

By CATHERINE DOLINSKI

cdolinski@tampatrib.com

TALLAHASSEE - Supporters of oil drilling off Florida's Gulf coast say their plan
would leave waters around Pinellas and a few other counties free of derricks.
But Gulf Coast lawmakers who oppose drilling say that assurance is not enough to
change their minds.

Drilling has been a hot topic in Tallahassee since Speaker-designate Dean Cannon
amended a bill near the end of this spring's legislative session to lift the ban
on offshore oil drilling in state waters. His proposal, which stalled in the
Senate, would have let companies apply to the state for leases to drill up to 10
miles - and as close as three miles - off the coast.

This week, oil industry lobbyist Frank Matthews presented House Democrats a map
of environmentally sensitive areas that his clients propose keeping clear of oil
rigs. Among them: the entire coastline of Pinellas County, which the state has
classified as an aquatic preserve. A few other counties including Dixie, Levy
and much of Taylor would receive the same protection.

"Those areas would not have structures for drilling, assuming you want to
protect those areas," he said. "That's not to say you couldn't lease and extract
from a [remote] location."

Cannon, who plans hearings on oil drilling this fall, said this week he supports
protecting the state's aquatic preserves and marine sanctuaries. "I would
imagine there would be a lot of consensus on that as well."

Rep. Bill Frishe, R-St. Petersburg worries that future Legislatures could repeal
the protective language. Of greater concern, he said, is potential for oil
spills off neighboring coastlines to drift into his district. "Ocean currents
don't respect aquatic preserve lines."

The oil lobby's proposal leaves most of Citrus, Hernando and Pasco counties'
waters open to oil rigs. Hillsborough would benefit from the protections
afforded to Pinellas County, though rigs could appear along coasts of Manatee
and Sarasota counties.

Republican Rep. Bill Galvano, whose district includes parts of Hillsborough and
Manatee, wants to expand the discussion of alternative energy sources, including
nuclear energy. The drilling issue itself, he said, is "much bigger" than a few
carve-outs for sensitive areas. "I don't think that would sway me."

Protections for several of the northern coastal counties that Democratic Rep.
Leonard Bembry represents won't change his stance, he said.

He recounted walking the beaches of Biloxi, Miss., after a hurricane. There were
no reports of an oil spill, but "everything you touched was oily," he said.

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              444 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 27, 2015 Wednesday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Houston Flooding Is Latest Example of Weather's Sway on Sports

BYLINE: By VICTOR MATHER

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg.

LENGTH: 631 words


After the Rockets beat the Warriors in Game 4 on Monday night in Houston, the
team urged fans to stay in their seats to wait out the torrential rainstorms and
flooding going on outside. Although many fans left, others played it safe and
hung around, as did the Rockets star Dwight Howard.

''I don't think it's smart for anybody to try to be out in this weather,'' he
told The Houston Chronicle.

It is not uncommon for Mother Nature to get in the way of sports. Baseball, of
course, is the most vulnerable, as a spring shower may be enough for a delay or
postponement.

Football prides itself on a hardier nature, but there have been times when
conditions have been too rough even for the men of the gridiron. Sometimes it
takes a hurricane.

In the aftermath of Hurricane Andrew in 1992, the Dolphins rescheduled their
home opener against the Patriots to their bye week, six weeks later. After the
Patriots opened the season 0-5, Coach Dick MacPherson blamed the change of date
for the team's struggles. ''All the plans we had made for the week leading into
it and then all of a sudden you take them back for a week and get a week off,''
he told The Sun-Sentinel. ''Then we watched Buffalo beat the Rams, 40-7, and
that raises our expectancy level and then we go out the next week and lay an
egg.'' The Patriots finished 2-14, and MacPherson was fired.

The devastation of Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans led the Saints to become a
nomadic team in the 2005 season, playing home games at the Meadowlands, at the
Alamodome in San Antonio and at Louisiana State. They finished 3-13, winning
just one ''home'' game. The New Orleans Hornets of the N.B.A. mostly moved out
of town for two seasons, relocating to Oklahoma City, where support was so
strong that it led to the city's getting an expansion team, the Thunder.

Buildup of snow caused the Metrodome's air-supported roof to deflate several
times in the early 1980s, when the stadium was new. After decades without an
incident, 17 inches of snow in 2010 caused an early-morning collapse, captured
on video. The Vikings' next home game against the Giants was moved to Detroit,
and a game against the Bears was moved to the University of Minnesota. The
Vikings lost them both.

In 1968, chunks of the roof of the new Spectrum in Philadelphia began to blow
off. The defending champions 76ers shifted their games to other Philadelphia
arenas, including the Palestra. The expansion Flyers, lacking quality local ice
rinks, finished their ''home'' schedule in New York, Toronto and Quebec City.

Another famous roof collapse, caused by rainwater in 1979 at Kemper Arena in
Kansas City, Mo., did not affect any games; it occurred in June after the Kansas
City Kings' N.B.A. season was over.

Occasional N.F.L. postponements have continued to the present. A blizzard in
Philadelphia in 2010 led to a rare Tuesday Night Football game against the
Vikings. Snow in Buffalo last season led to the postponement of a Sabres game
and the moving of a Bills game against the Giants, once again to Detroit.

Several Indy 500s have been curtailed by rain, most recently in 2007. In 1976,
the race was really the Indy 255, barely over the 250-mile minimum for an
official race.

The most dramatic rain-affected auto race might have been the 2009 Malaysian
Grand Prix. Biblical rains in Sepang beginning on Lap 19 left visibility close
to zero, causing the race to be stopped after 31 of 56 laps. ''Those were the
most dangerous conditions I've ever raced in,'' Lewis Hamilton said. ''All I
could do was try and keep the car on the track.''

It is not always precipitation that causes a delayed game. The N.H.L.'s 2011
Winter Classic in Pittsburgh was moved to 8 p.m. from 1. One concern was rain.
Another was that for an outdoor game, it was just too warm.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/27/sports/basketball/houston-flooding-is-latest-e
xample-of-weathers-sway-on-sports.html

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              445 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday

Obama tests his sway against a GOP-run Congress

LENGTH: 729  words

DATELINE: Miami


Florida International University has issued the following news release:

President Barack Obama this week will test whether he still has the sway to keep
Washington focused on his own priorities, even as a new Republican-run Congress
descends on the Capitol eager to take him on.

Fresh off a two-week vacation, Obama immediately began ramping up for his State
of the Union address -- his best chance to set the agenda for 2015 on his own
terms. Obama will roll out new executive steps and proposals for Congress this
week on home ownership, higher education and manufacturing jobs -- a similar
menu to the one Obama has offered in years past.

Republicans have an entirely different blueprint for the start of the year. In
full control of Congress for the first time of Obama's presidency, they planned
an all-out offensive against his policies on immigration, foreign policy and the
environment.

In a sign of their divergent paths, just as lawmakers arrive in Washington to
start the new Congress this week, Obama was heading out of town. He planned to
spend most of the week in Michigan, Arizona and Tennessee showcasing how his own
economic policies are fueling the economic recovery.

The State of the Union comes early this year, on Jan. 20, and it is Obama's
first with Republicans in control of both House and Senate.

Obama's speechwriters have been crafting the speech for weeks, both in
Washington and in Hawaii, where the president spent two weeks on the golf
courses and beaches of Oahu with his family and a handful of friends. The White
House has been also been reaching out to Democratic-aligned policy groups to
solicit input on the speech.

In Detroit on Wednesday, Obama planned to tout the return of manufacturing jobs
and his decision to bail out the auto industry. In Phoenix the next day, Obama
was to showcase gains in the housing sector since the real estate crash and
unveil new steps to help Americans buy a home, the White House said. And on
Friday, Vice President Joe Biden will join Obama in Tennessee to discuss new
ways to help more people attend college or get job-training.

As Obama closed out 2014, he was visibly energized by a string of high-profile
presidential moves in the last six weeks of the year. Following brutal midterm
losses for Democrats, Obama's actions on Cuba and immigration suggested he still
retained some relevance, and Obama said he intended to carry that momentum into
2015.

Yet since the midterms, the key question has been whether Obama will lean in or
away from compromise with Republicans in his final two years.

Of the issues the White House said Obama will emphasize in the coming weeks,
none were among the handful of areas that both Democrats and Republicans have
cited as ripe for compromise -- like trade, tax reform and infrastructure.

Eric Schultz, Obama's spokesman, said the president this week will announce both
executive steps he plans to take and proposals to work with Congress on
legislation. Those proposals will focus on ways to help the middle class benefit
from the economic recovery, he said.

"There are a number of issues we could make progress on, but the president is
clear that he will not let this Congress undo important protections gained --
particularly in areas of health care, Wall Street reform and the environment,"
Schultz said. Obama has threatened to use his veto pen as needed this year to
block GOP attacks.

But Obama will be back from vacation barely 48 hours before the new,
Republican-run Congress is seated Tuesday, bringing with it an onslaught of
attacks the GOP has been bottling up for years. Without a Democratic majority in
the Senate to stop them, Republicans planned to start chipping away at Obama's
past actions on health care, immigration and the environment, to name a few.

Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., said Republicans would still do business with Obama on
issues like taxes and trade promotion despite their irritation at his unilateral
action in other areas.

"Look, obviously we have not liked the executive actions that especially were
taken" after the November midterms, Corker said on "Fox News Sunday." ''But we
understand with humility, we've got a lot of serious issues that need to be
addressed. The bigger issues absolutely require the president to be involved."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Daily Deal (New York, NY)

                            February 8, 2000 Tuesday

Small Wonder

BYLINE: by Dennis Fitzgerald and Scott Stuart

SECTION: DEAL SENSE

LENGTH: 516 words

HIGHLIGHT: You can thank Woodrow Wilson for the incredible sway that Delaware
holds over corporate legal matters.


Delaware is a small state (only Rhode Island is smaller in area), but it holds
incredible sway over corporate legal matters. Most U.S. companies, of course,
are incorporated there. Why Delaware instead of, say, Utah? The answer can be
traced back to a New Jersey governor named Woodrow Wilson. Before his brief
tenure (1911 to 1913), New Jersey was seen as the place to incorporate as it
pioneered the idea of a company incorporating there even if it didn't operate
there. Upset with abuses, Wilson enacted reforms including a reduction in the
power of trusts, and the monopolistic companies of the era were forced to search
for greener pastures. Delaware promoted itself as an environ friendly to
corporations and has profited.

Recent hostile takeover battles have served as reminders of the First State's
clout. Pfizer Inc. and Warner-Lambert Co. agreed to a $93 billion merger, thus
averting a trial in Delaware over an anti-cholesterol drug that the two
companies co-market. That trial had been scheduled to begin Monday. Another
bidding war drawing attention to Delaware is the battle between Chesapeake Corp.
and Shorewood Packaging Corp. On Monday, Leo Strine, Delaware vice chancellor,
ruled against changes that Shorewood tried to make in its by-laws to avoid being
taken over by Chesapeake. Chesapeake has offered to buy its rival for about $500
million, or $17.25 per share.

Chesapeake edged up 0.99% to $25.625, and Shorewood rose 2.78% to $18.50. The
Dow Jones industrial average rose 51.81 to 10,957.60, and the Nasdaq composite
surged 106.03 to 4,427.80.

What does the Federal Trade Commission have to back up its claim that BP Amoco
manipulated pricing of Alaskan crude in sales to West Coast refineries? That is
the question being asked by risk arbitrageurs, some of whom are calling the
FTC's opposition to BP Amoco's merger with Atlantic Richfield irrational. BP has
yet to file its counter claim.

"The FTC claims it has evidence," said one arb, "but I haven't talked to an oil
consultant, analyst or refinery that has complained that BP fixed its crude oil
prices." If BP had been engaging in unfair practices, it would have come to
light through customer complaints long ago, he argued. Arbs consider customer
complaints essential to antitrust suits.

California, Oregon and Washington also oppose the deal. But according to arbs,
the states, like the FTC, have no evidence to back their claims. A spokeswoman
for the Washington Attorney General said its participation in the claim is
proactive, and it has not been asked to act by refineries. A spokeswoman for the
Oregon AG said that state does not have refineries and gets gas from Washington
at high prices. Consumers have complained about the price of gas, she added. And
though the BP/Arco deal may not cause an increase in gas prices, it certainly
won't lower them, she said.

BP closed Tuesday at $48.13, down $0.38, or 0.77%. Arco closed down $1.31, or
1.94%, at $66.31. At 1.64 shares of BP in the deal, Arco closed at a spread of
$12.61, or 19%.

www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: M & A

                         Copyright 2000 The Deal L.L.C.


                              447 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 13, 2015 Monday

FLORIDA:Free Concert: Willie Sugarcapps

LENGTH: 616  words

DATELINE: Destin


Destin Area Chamber of Commerce Florida has issued the following news release:

Free Concert: Willie Sugarcapps
Monday, April 13, 2015 6:00 PM
WSRE
1000 College Blvd.
Pensacola, FL 32504

WSRE, PBS for the Gulf Coast, will record the seventh season of
"StudioAmped"--the televised concert series featuring regional bands and their
original music--at the Jean & Paul Amos Performance Studio for two weeks
beginning April 7. Eight performances will be recorded live before studio
audiences. The concerts are open to the public, free of charge.

"We're committed to showcasing local musicians and only original music," said
Executive Producer Bill Harrell. "With free admission and a great lineup of
artists, it's a super deal for local music fans. We're making live TV, and we
want them to be a part of it."

This year's featured bands include Lauren Kay, Noiseheads and Jeff Glickman &
The Panhandle Allstars from Pensacola; W.B. and The Geezers from Navarre; Dismal
Creek from Santa Rosa Beach; Continuum from Destin; Sway Jah Vu from
Tallahassee; and Willie Sugarcapps from Baldwin County, Ala.

Performances are scheduled as follows:

Tuesday, April 7

Dismal Creek--a four-piece bluegrass band known for their lively stage presence
and commitment to the formal Southern style of the genre's forefathers.
dismalcreek.com

Wednesday, April 8

Lauren Kay--Americana blues with Southern roots describes the music of Lauren
Kay, who released her debut album in January. laurenkaymusic.com

Thursday, April 9

Noiseheads--The alternative band will perform an "unplugged" version of "1994,"
which has appeared on AlternativeNation.net's Top 10 Albums list.
noiseheads.bandcamp.com

Friday, April 10

W.B. & The Geezers--an eclectic country band who writes, plays and sings with
experience and heart, producing both serious and satirical lyrics.
wbandthegeezers.bandzoogle.com/home

Monday, April 13

Willie Sugarcapps--an organic, artisanal collaboration who has produced
impeccably crafted songs of country Zen sentiment with a varied instrumental
mix. williesugarcapps.com

Tuesday, April 14

Continuum--an indie pop band composed of four distinct musicians, combining
elements of acoustic folk, contemporary pop, indie rock and classical.
continuumsound.com

Wednesday, April 15

Sway Jah Vu--a reggae fusion band who produces distinct acoustic reggae-rock
sounds blending soul, jazz and funk. swayjahvu.com

Thursday, April 16

Jeff Glickman & The Panhandle Allstars--an ensemble of accomplished musicians
who describes their bluesy-rock, slice-of-life music as lyrical, funny and
slightly unsettling. reverbnation.com/jeffglickmanandthepanhandleallstars

Admission is free; however, donations of food for MANNA Food Pantries are
encouraged. Each concert begins at 7 p.m.; doors open at 6 p.m.

"StudioAmped" Season 7 will premiere at a later date as part of WSRE's primetime
programming lineup. Visit wsre.org/studioamped and follow StudioAmped on social
media to learn more.

###

About WSRE, Viewer Supported PBS for the Gulf Coast

WSRE is a Public Broadcasting Service member station, locally owned and licensed
to the Pensacola State College Board of Trustees operating as a service of
Pensacola State College. WSRE has served the needs of Gulf Coast communities
through programming, educational services and outreach since 1967. WSRE
produces, acquires and distributes programs that address local interests and
reflect the diverse cultural, political, geographic and demographic
characteristics of its audience. WSRE Educational Services connects teachers,
parents, caregivers and children to PBS' rich educational resources. Visit
wsre.org to learn more.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                        April 4, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Colony Starwood Homes Announces 2016 Annual Meeting Details

LENGTH: 133  words


April 4 -- Colony Starwood Homes (NYSE:SFR) (the "Company") a leading
single-family rental real estate investment trust, announced today that its 2016
Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held on Friday, May 6, 2016 at 11:00 A.M.
local time at the offices of the Company, 9305 E. Via De Ventura, Scottsdale, AZ
85258. Shareholders of record of the Company's Common Shares as of the close of
business on March 9, 2016 are entitled to vote at and attend the Annual Meeting.

On January 5, 2016, the Company completed the merger between Starwood Waypoint
Residential Trust ("SWAY") and Colony American Homes (the "Merger"). In
connection with the Merger, SWAY was renamed Colony Starwood Homes and began
trading under the ticker symbol "SFR" on the New York Stock Exchange.

Source: Colony Starwood Homes

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

SiriusXM Brings Boxing Back to Radio with Live Premier Boxing Champions
Broadcasts

LENGTH: 413  words

DATELINE: New York


Sirius XM Holdings has issued the following Press release:

SiriusXM announced today that it will begin broadcasting Premier Boxing
Champions fights to satellite radio listeners nationwide, bringing the sport
back to the national radio airwaves.
SIRIUS XM logo

Introduced in January of this year, Premier Boxing Champions is a new series -
created by Haymon Boxing - that features many of boxing's best and brightest
stars and champions.

SiriusXM's first broadcast will be the April 11 Garcia-Peterson/Lee-Quillin
fight card at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, NY.  Airing on SiriusXM Sports Zone,
channel 92 (8:00 pm ET), the big night of boxing features a clash of champions
Danny Garcia (29-0, 17 KOs) and Lamont Peterson (33-2-1, 17 KOs), and the
co-main event is champion Andy Lee (34-2, 24 KOs) against former champion Peter
Quillin (31-0, 22 KOs).

PBC on SiriusXM broadcasts will be produced by SiriusXM.  The broadcast team for
the April 11 card will feature former New York Athletic Commission Chairman and
former Editor-in-Chief of The Ring Magazine Randy Gordon as the blow-by-blow
voice and former heavyweight contender Gerry Cooney as the analyst.  Sway
Calloway, host of Sway in the Morning on Eminem's Shade 45 channel, will be the
ringside reporter.

SiriusXM will broadcast more than 10 Premier Boxing Champions events in 2015.
Future broadcasts will be announced at a later date.

"So many of the great moments in boxing history were experienced by fight fans
through their radios.  We'll deliver that experience again on SiriusXM by
bringing the sounds and excitement from ringside into those fans' cars, homes
and phones," said Steve Cohen, SiriusXM's SVP of Sports Programming.  "This is a
very exciting time for boxing.  The creation of the Premier Boxing Champions
series and the buzz around big fights and new stars has sports fans as
enthusiastic as ever about the sport.  We look forward to building on that
resurgence by offering live broadcasts of these terrific events to listeners
nationwide."

In addition to PBC on SiriusXM broadcasts, fight fans can tune in to exclusive
boxing talk shows on SiriusXM Sports Zone, channel 92.  Randy Gordon and Gerry
Cooney host At the Fights every Monday and Friday at 6:00 pm ET.  Going the
Distance, hosted by renowned trainer Teddy Atlas, Wallace Matthews and Nabate
Isles airs every Tuesday at 6:00 pm ET.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

EDITORIAL: Fire station petition cannot force but could sway Janesville council

BYLINE: The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 635 words


June 06--Billy McCoy believes he's doing what's best for Janesville, and in his
latest crusade, he may have considerable support.

McCoy has been a thorn in the side of city government. His mantra is funding
needs over wants. That's good to a point. Like many residents, McCoy is
frustrated with the city's sorry state of streets and bridges.

Put McCoy in charge, however, and this city would be stagnant. During his failed
city council campaign two years ago, McCoy said he would not invest in
renovating the riverfront. Had he been ruler, the city wouldn't have bike
trails, the Janesville Performing Arts Center and other amenities that attract
not only residents in general but young urban professionals coveted by
businesses.

Too often, McCoy spouts off without knowing or understanding all of the facts.

His plan to petition the city for direct legislation to rescind the council's
vote on a new $9 million central fire station is the latest example. City
Attorney Wald Klimczyk said the petition couldn't force the city to do anything
because it would be administrative rather than legislative and state law doesn't
allow a petition to repeal a lawful council action.

McCoy suggested Klimczyk's opinion is a City Hall tactic to discourage his
efforts. Officials with the League of Wisconsin Municipalities, however, agree
that the petition would be invalid.

Undaunted, McCoy now says he'll circulate a second petition for direct
legislation. This one would require a city referendum for any capital project
topping $2 million. Whether the wording of that petition would be legally valid
remains to be seen.

If a valid petition for direct legislation has signatures representing 15
percent of those voting in the last gubernatorial election, it would force the
council to accept it or pose the issue to voters in the next general election.
If voters approve the question, the referendum is binding.

Surveys show public safety including firefighting is a top priority of
residents, and even McCoy acknowledges the old station needs work.

Council members must accept some of the blame for festering anger over plans for
the new station. Many residents are angry about what McCoy and other critics
suggest is an $8 million Taj Mahal bus garage being built on South Parker Drive.
Sure, the federal government is paying 80 percent of the garage construction
costs, but fiscal conservatives point out it's all tax money. They believe
sinking up to $9 million more in a fire station--with no federal dollars--would
be excessive, too.

Many residents are miffed that the council voted in closed session to build the
new fire station on the same block as the current one. They're also upset that
the city plans to clear 12 homes--forcing residents out by eminent domain, if
necessary--to make room for the larger building.

While McCoy pushes ahead with his petitions, City Manager Mark Freitag says the
city will move forward with plans for the station. Those include soon making
offers to residents who would lose their homes.

If you agree with McCoy's concerns, sign his petitions. Even if they can't force
the city to reverse course on the fire station, they might prompt the council to
reconsider the  project or change how it conducts business.

Whether those changes would be good for Janesville is another question, but it's
your right to get involved and be a part of this important discussion about the
city's future.

COMING SUNDAY: Does the city need a new fire station, and is $9 million a
reasonable price?

Gazette editorials express the views of the newspaper's editorial board. Readers
are encouraged to comment on editorials through letters to the editor.

___ (c)2014 The Janesville Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) Visit The Janesville
Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) at www.gazetteextra.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140606-JG-EDITORIAL-Fire-station-petition-cannot-force-but-could-sway
-Janesville-council-0606-20140606

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2014 The Janesville Gazette


                              451 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                           February 5, 2004, Thursday

Gay marriage ruling could sway election

BYLINE: James Bone in New York

SECTION: Overseas news; 19

LENGTH: 495 words


THE highest court in Massachusetts forced the United States yesterday towards a
constitutional crisis on gay marriage that could sway the presidential election.

The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court told the state legislature that it must
grant full marriage rights to gay couples by mid-May, rather than offering them
the half-way measure of "civil unions" as nearby Vermont has done.

The court held that to allow civil unions but not marriage would create an
"unconstitutional and discriminatory status for same-sex couples".

"The history of our nation has demonstrated that separate is seldom, if ever,
equal," the four-judge majority said.

The ruling precipitates a constitutional dispute at the height of the election
campaign between traditionally liberal Massachusetts and other states that
reject gay marriage but recognise Massachusetts law.

Opinion polls show that a majority of Americans oppose gay marriage. One survey
found that likely voters split 56-30 per cent against same-sex marriage, with
half of all Democrats and 75 per cent of all Republicans opposed.

President Bush, courting his conservative base, signalled in his State of the
Union speech last week that he would support a federal constitutional amendment
to define marriage as a union between a man and a woman.

The issue has put Senator John Kerry, the Democratic front-runner, on the
defensive. He opposes a constitutional amendment outlawing gay marriage, but has
stopped short of endorsing gay marriage himself, even though he represents
Massachusetts.

Among Democrats, only the Rev Al Sharpton and Dennis Kucinich have said clearly
that they favour allowing gays to marry.

The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court ruled in November that same-sex couples
had a constitutional right to marry in the state, and gave the legislature six
months to change the law.

Massachusetts has one of the highest concentrations of gay households in the
country, with 1.3 per cent of the total number of cohabiting couples.

In California, the figure stands at 1.4 per cent, while Vermont and New York
both registered 1.3 per cent and Washington has 5.1 per cent.

The Massachusetts Senate sought yesterday's advisory opinion to determine
whether allowing "civil unions" -as agreed in Vermont in 1999 -would satisfy the
court.

By ruling out the "civil unions" compromise, the court made it more likely that
politicians will amend the state constitution to ban gay marriage.

Conservative and gay rights groups have been sparring with rival advertisements.

Focus on the Family, a conservative Christian organisation, bought full-page
advertisements in local newspapers proclaiming: "When it Comes to Raising Kids,
Same-Sex Marriage Isn't the Same."

The Log Cabin Republicans and the Human Rights Campaign, on the other side,
responded with their own full-page advertisement, declaring: "Be conservative
with the Constitution. Don't amend it."


LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Times Newspapers Limited


                              452 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               September 8, 1992

Fannie, Freddie Battle Over HomeFed Sway

BYLINE: By PAUL MUOLO

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 469 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO


The nation's Federal secondary marketing agencies are bidding against each other
apparently for the right to sway their securities for up to $ 2 billion in whole
loans held by the failed HomeFed Bank, FSB here.

The winner was expected to be announced as this publication was going to press.
In addition, the Resolution Trust Corp., which is managing HomeFed, has decided
to sell the S&L's servicing portfolio outright and will not create a de-novo
mortgage company to facilitate the sale.

The agency briefly had kicked around the idea of starting a mortgage company and
marketing the entire unit, but decided it was simpler to sell the servicing by
itself.

The servicing rights culled from the sale of HomeFed's whole loans will be added
to the $ 5.5 billion in product RTC will auction to the highest bidder.

"The HOmeFed servicing portfolio that we will sell could be as much as $ 7.5
billion," said RTC servicing executive Carol Weatherly.

She estimated, however, that the amount of the whole loans swapped through
either the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. of Federal National Mortgage
Association may be as little as $ 1 billion.  "The range is about $ 1 billion to
$ 2 billion," she said.

The portfolio consists primarily of adjustable-rate mortgages.

Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac -- whichever wins -- will securitize the loans and RTC
will market the securities.

HomeFed does not have a separate mortgage subsidiary so there are no origination
branches to purchase.

Its computers and servicing department will remain with the S&L as the servicing
rights are sold.

RTC is in the process of choosing a broker to offer the portfolio.

In other pending RTC servicing deals, the sale of AccuBanc Mortgage Corp., El
Paso, Tex., appears to be dragging on longer than anticipated.

Buyers apparently are trying to work out disagreements with the agency over
representations and warranties.

AccuBanc services $ 3.5 billion in loans.  The deal is being brokered by
Charbonneau-Klein Inc., Houston.

That firm also is selling First American Mortgage Corp., Greensboro, N.C., for
RTC.

FAMCO, a subsidiary of First American Savings Bank, FSB, services 24,672 loans,
totalling $ 1.5 billion.

RTC also soon will offer for sale National First Mortgage Corp., Pittsburgh,
which services $ 700 million in loans.  The offering circular should be
available some time this week.

Mellon Mortgage Co., Houston, has won the bid for $ 1 billion in servicing
rights belonging to the failed Perpetual Bank, FSB, Alexandria, Va.  The package
includes 13,000 loan accounts.

The purchase will increase Mellon Mortgage's total servicing portfolio to $ 15
billion.  MMC is subsidiary of Mellon Bank, Pittsburgh.

In June MMC bought $ 2.6 billion in servicing rights that belonged to CenTrust
Mortgage Corp., Miami.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              453 of 998 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright 2017 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.,
                              All Rights Reserved
                     LexisNexis® Corporate Affiliations[TM]

                                 March 6, 2017

                         Hellwig Products Company, Inc.

                                16237 Avenue 296
                               Visalia,  CA 93292


MSA: 47300 - Visalia-Porterville, CA

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (559) 734-7451
URL: www.hellwigproducts.com

FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/pages/Hellwig-Motorsports/47337743567
LINKEDIN: www.linkedin.com/company/hellwig-products
TWITTER: www.twitter.com/HellwigProducts

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DCA NUMBER: 948301

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
FOUNDED: 1945
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: California
LEGAL STATUS: PRIVATE
EMPLOYEES:
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES:  50

IMPORT:  NO
EXPORT:  NO

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER             TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Ben Knaus,          Executive           Engineering
Dir-Engrg                               Director
Donald Hellwig, Chm Executive           Chairman

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Hellwig Products Company, Inc. was founded in 1946 and is based in Visalia, CA.
It is a provider of automotive equipment services. The company's products
include tubular sway bars, solid sway bars, lifted sway bars, lifted air, and
compressors.

INDUSTRY TYPE: Spring (Heavy Gauge) Mfr

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
332613 - Spring Manufacturing
PRIMARY SIC:
3493 - Steel Springs, Except Wire
SECONDARY SIC:
3495 - Wire Springs

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR END: 12/31

SALES:  USD 1,000,000 - USD 9,999,999

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017


                              454 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 4, 2010 Monday

Funding by company that makes Trojan condoms didn't sway findings, researchers
say

BYLINE: Dann Denny, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 476 words


Oct. 04--Because the study was funded by Church and Dwight Co. Inc, maker of
Trojan condoms and other sexual health products, it's hardly surprising that it
found that adults using a condom for intercourse were just as likely to rate the
sexual event positively in terms of arousal, pleasure and orgasm than when
having intercourse without one.

But the study's researchers staunchly defended the integrity of the study.

"The pleasure-during-orgasm finding was something Trojan never asked us to look
for," said one of the researchers, Debby Herbenick. "We are always interested in
the pleasure, arousal and pain people experience during intercourse, and when we
looked at the data, we found this curious thing on our own."

Herbenick said the finding is plausible, because the condoms of today are better
fitting and often have ridges, making them more conducive to pleasure than the
previous generation of condoms.

Michael Reece, another researcher, agreed, saying today's condoms often come
with lubricants, and some are packaged with vibrating rings.

"Trojan did not ask us to include this data in the study," he said. "The fact
that people are saying that sex with condoms is just as pleasurable as without
condoms represents a huge public health success."

Reece admitted the researchers submitted their survey questions to the Church
and Dwight Co. for review and feedback, but said he could not think of any
instance in which that feedback caused the research team to alter the wording of
a question.

Herbenick added that the company played no role in the writing of the research
report.

Here are some of the survey's findings about condoms:

Only one of four acts of vaginal intercourse among U.S. adults -- only one of
three acts among singles -- are condom-protected.

Condoms are used twice as often with casual sexual partners as with relationship
partners, a trend that is consistent for both men and women across age groups
that span 50 years.

Adults over 40 have the lowest rates of condom use, perhaps because they are not
as concerned about pregnancy. But they still face the risk of contracting a
sexually transmitted disease.

Condom use is higher among black and Hispanic Americans than among white
Americans and other racial groups. The researchers said this suggested that
HIV-AIDS awareness programs were now making headway in those communities, which
have relatively high rates of the disease.

To see more of the Herald-Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldtimesonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Herald-Times,
Bloomington, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101004-BM-Funding-by-company-that-makes-Trojan-condoms-didn-t-sway
-findings-researchers-say-1004-20101004

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2010 Herald-Times


                              455 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                August 25, 2014

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

SECTION: PEOPLE; Pg. 22 Vol. 38 No. 47

LENGTH: 1015  words


CALIFORNIA

OAKLAND

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust appointed John Farias as the new chief
accounting officer of the compny.

From February 2013 to July 2014, Farias served as the vice president,
controller-financial reporting of SWAY Management LLC, the company's external
manager.

Prior to joining the SWAY Management, he was vice president, fund operations for
Prologis Inc., formerly AMB Property Corp.

Farias joined the real estate investment banking group at Credit Suisse from
June 2005 to February 2006 before rejoining AMB in July 2006 as vice president,
portfolio manager.

SANTA BARBARA

Earle Thompson has been promoted to senior vice president, agency division with
WFG National Title Insurance Co.

Thompson will remain in the company's New Orleans offices and will continue to
manage WFG National Title's agency operations in Louisiana and Mississippi.

He was previously vice president with the company, overseeing agency operations
in Louisiana and Mississippi.

COLORADO

DENVER

LenderLive Network Inc. said that Jim Dunleavy has joined the firm as regional
account executive in the Midwest region for the company's correspondent lending
division.

In this role, Dunleavy will work with current and prospective clients, primarily
community banks and credit unions in Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma.

He brings more than 30 years of mortgage industry experience to LenderLive.

Prior to joining the company, he served as director of business development at
TruHome Solutions LLC.

Previously, Dunleavy was an account executive at Kinecta Federal Credit Union,
where he launched its correspondent lending program.

ENGLEWOOD

Richey May & Co has expanded its alternative investment division by adding
Daniel O'Connor, Stephen Vlasak and Jonathan Sharon.

O'Connor is an audit partner and Richey May's alternative investment service
line leader with specializations in domestic and offshore hedge funds, fund of
funds, real estate, private equity and REITs.

Vlasak is an audit senior manager and director of business development for
Richey May.

As the director of business development, he is responsible for expanding the
existing client base and developing new client relationships specifically with
hedge, private equity and venture capital funds.

Sharon joined Richey May as a tax director specializing in the taxation of
alternative investment vehicles such as hedge funds, fund of funds, private
equity funds and venture capital funds.

GEORGIA

ATLANTA

Square 1 Bank said that Scott Coleman has joined the bank's small business
lending group as vice president and business development officer.

Based in Atlanta, Coleman will focus on business development efforts throughout
Georgia and the greater Southeast.

He joins Square 1 Bank with more than 15 years of experience in financial
services.

Throughout his career, Coleman has advised small business owners in the areas of
SBA lending, commercial real estate and equipment finance.

During this time, he has served in a variety of business development roles,
including positions at Onyx Capital Group, Banco Popular, IBM and most recently,
Quantum National Bank.

MARYLAND

BETHESDA

Walker & Dunlop Inc. said that Alison Williams has joined the company as vice
president.

Williams will focus on originating commercial real estate debt and equity
throughout the United States for all types of income-producing properties, based
out of the company's office in Tampa, Fla.

She is an eleven-year veteran of NorthMarq, where she served as vice president.

Throughout her career, Williams has closed commercial transactions for all
property types, including student, conventional multifamily, assisted living,
hospitality, office, industrial and retail.

MASSACHUSETTS

WALTHAM

Pro Teck Valuation Services named Matt Jenkins executive vice president, client
relations.

Jenkins formerly served as the executive vice president of operations for Pro
Teck.

He joined Pro Teck in 2005 as a staff appraiser and has been promoted throughout
his tenure, including having served as the director of strategic accounts.

He assumed the role of EVP of operations in 2009, where he had responsibility
for overall quality control, vendor management, production, delivery, client
management and customer satisfaction.

Prior to that, he worked for Fidelity National Financial.

NORTH CAROLINA

RALEIGH

First Citizens BancShares has appointed Blake Coules chief risk officer.

Coules will be in charge of risk management across the entire company,
overseeing compliance, credit risk, operational risk and analytics functions.

Coules is taking over for Donald Geaslen, who became chief risk officer last
August but is no longer with the company.

Coules has spent 30 years in financial services and was most recently the chief
credit officer for VantageSouth Bank, another Raleigh bank that was bought by
Yadkin Financial last month.

Additionally, he worked at PNC Financial Services Group and a predecessor, RBC
Bank, where he held various titles including vice president of commercial risk,
senior manager of risk management, chief data officer and senior vice president
of real estate markets and special assets group.

TEXAS

DALLAS

Supreme Lending has opened a branch in Sacramento, Calif., which will be led
Scott Bruns.

Bruns has worked in the mortgage industry for more than 24 years.

Prior to joining Supreme Lending, he was an area manager for WJ Bradley Mortgage
Capital.

Bruns also held senior sales executive positions with Sierra Pacific Mortgage,
Western Bancorp and Paramount Equity.

FORT WORTH

Colonial announced that Richard Harvey has been named chief compliance officer.

Harvey brings to the company more than 25 years of experience in building bank
compliance infrastructure.

In his new position, he will be responsible for further development and
maintenance of compliance processes related to state and federal law for
Colonial's numerous business lines.

Harvey was most recently chief compliance officer and general counsel for Omney
Inc. in California.

He has served as trial attorney for the Office of Thrift Supervision and as
former chair of the American Bankers Association Compliance Executive Committee.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                August 25, 2014

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

SECTION: PEOPLE; Pg. 22 Vol. 38 No. 47

LENGTH: 1015  words


CALIFORNIA

OAKLAND

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust appointed John Farias as the new chief
accounting officer of the compny.

From February 2013 to July 2014, Farias served as the vice president,
controller-financial reporting of SWAY Management LLC, the company's external
manager.

Prior to joining the SWAY Management, he was vice president, fund operations for
Prologis Inc., formerly AMB Property Corp.

Farias joined the real estate investment banking group at Credit Suisse from
June 2005 to February 2006 before rejoining AMB in July 2006 as vice president,
portfolio manager.

SANTA BARBARA

Earle Thompson has been promoted to senior vice president, agency division with
WFG National Title Insurance Co.

Thompson will remain in the company's New Orleans offices and will continue to
manage WFG National Title's agency operations in Louisiana and Mississippi.

He was previously vice president with the company, overseeing agency operations
in Louisiana and Mississippi.

COLORADO

DENVER

LenderLive Network Inc. said that Jim Dunleavy has joined the firm as regional
account executive in the Midwest region for the company's correspondent lending
division.

In this role, Dunleavy will work with current and prospective clients, primarily
community banks and credit unions in Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma.

He brings more than 30 years of mortgage industry experience to LenderLive.

Prior to joining the company, he served as director of business development at
TruHome Solutions LLC.

Previously, Dunleavy was an account executive at Kinecta Federal Credit Union,
where he launched its correspondent lending program.

ENGLEWOOD

Richey May & Co has expanded its alternative investment division by adding
Daniel O'Connor, Stephen Vlasak and Jonathan Sharon.

O'Connor is an audit partner and Richey May's alternative investment service
line leader with specializations in domestic and offshore hedge funds, fund of
funds, real estate, private equity and REITs.

Vlasak is an audit senior manager and director of business development for
Richey May.

As the director of business development, he is responsible for expanding the
existing client base and developing new client relationships specifically with
hedge, private equity and venture capital funds.

Sharon joined Richey May as a tax director specializing in the taxation of
alternative investment vehicles such as hedge funds, fund of funds, private
equity funds and venture capital funds.

GEORGIA

ATLANTA

Square 1 Bank said that Scott Coleman has joined the bank's small business
lending group as vice president and business development officer.

Based in Atlanta, Coleman will focus on business development efforts throughout
Georgia and the greater Southeast.

He joins Square 1 Bank with more than 15 years of experience in financial
services.

Throughout his career, Coleman has advised small business owners in the areas of
SBA lending, commercial real estate and equipment finance.

During this time, he has served in a variety of business development roles,
including positions at Onyx Capital Group, Banco Popular, IBM and most recently,
Quantum National Bank.

MARYLAND

BETHESDA

Walker & Dunlop Inc. said that Alison Williams has joined the company as vice
president.

Williams will focus on originating commercial real estate debt and equity
throughout the United States for all types of income-producing properties, based
out of the company's office in Tampa, Fla.

She is an eleven-year veteran of NorthMarq, where she served as vice president.

Throughout her career, Williams has closed commercial transactions for all
property types, including student, conventional multifamily, assisted living,
hospitality, office, industrial and retail.

MASSACHUSETTS

WALTHAM

Pro Teck Valuation Services named Matt Jenkins executive vice president, client
relations.

Jenkins formerly served as the executive vice president of operations for Pro
Teck.

He joined Pro Teck in 2005 as a staff appraiser and has been promoted throughout
his tenure, including having served as the director of strategic accounts.

He assumed the role of EVP of operations in 2009, where he had responsibility
for overall quality control, vendor management, production, delivery, client
management and customer satisfaction.

Prior to that, he worked for Fidelity National Financial.

NORTH CAROLINA

RALEIGH

First Citizens BancShares has appointed Blake Coules chief risk officer.

Coules will be in charge of risk management across the entire company,
overseeing compliance, credit risk, operational risk and analytics functions.

Coules is taking over for Donald Geaslen, who became chief risk officer last
August but is no longer with the company.

Coules has spent 30 years in financial services and was most recently the chief
credit officer for VantageSouth Bank, another Raleigh bank that was bought by
Yadkin Financial last month.

Additionally, he worked at PNC Financial Services Group and a predecessor, RBC
Bank, where he held various titles including vice president of commercial risk,
senior manager of risk management, chief data officer and senior vice president
of real estate markets and special assets group.

TEXAS

DALLAS

Supreme Lending has opened a branch in Sacramento, Calif., which will be led
Scott Bruns.

Bruns has worked in the mortgage industry for more than 24 years.

Prior to joining Supreme Lending, he was an area manager for WJ Bradley Mortgage
Capital.

Bruns also held senior sales executive positions with Sierra Pacific Mortgage,
Western Bancorp and Paramount Equity.

FORT WORTH

Colonial announced that Richard Harvey has been named chief compliance officer.

Harvey brings to the company more than 25 years of experience in building bank
compliance infrastructure.

In his new position, he will be responsible for further development and
maintenance of compliance processes related to state and federal law for
Colonial's numerous business lines.

Harvey was most recently chief compliance officer and general counsel for Omney
Inc. in California.

He has served as trial attorney for the Office of Thrift Supervision and as
former chair of the American Bankers Association Compliance Executive Committee.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                August 25, 2014

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

SECTION: PEOPLE; Pg. 22 Vol. 38 No. 47

LENGTH: 1015  words


CALIFORNIA

OAKLAND

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust appointed John Farias as the new chief
accounting officer of the compny.

From February 2013 to July 2014, Farias served as the vice president,
controller-financial reporting of SWAY Management LLC, the company's external
manager.

Prior to joining the SWAY Management, he was vice president, fund operations for
Prologis Inc., formerly AMB Property Corp.

Farias joined the real estate investment banking group at Credit Suisse from
June 2005 to February 2006 before rejoining AMB in July 2006 as vice president,
portfolio manager.

SANTA BARBARA

Earle Thompson has been promoted to senior vice president, agency division with
WFG National Title Insurance Co.

Thompson will remain in the company's New Orleans offices and will continue to
manage WFG National Title's agency operations in Louisiana and Mississippi.

He was previously vice president with the company, overseeing agency operations
in Louisiana and Mississippi.

COLORADO

DENVER

LenderLive Network Inc. said that Jim Dunleavy has joined the firm as regional
account executive in the Midwest region for the company's correspondent lending
division.

In this role, Dunleavy will work with current and prospective clients, primarily
community banks and credit unions in Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma.

He brings more than 30 years of mortgage industry experience to LenderLive.

Prior to joining the company, he served as director of business development at
TruHome Solutions LLC.

Previously, Dunleavy was an account executive at Kinecta Federal Credit Union,
where he launched its correspondent lending program.

ENGLEWOOD

Richey May & Co has expanded its alternative investment division by adding
Daniel O'Connor, Stephen Vlasak and Jonathan Sharon.

O'Connor is an audit partner and Richey May's alternative investment service
line leader with specializations in domestic and offshore hedge funds, fund of
funds, real estate, private equity and REITs.

Vlasak is an audit senior manager and director of business development for
Richey May.

As the director of business development, he is responsible for expanding the
existing client base and developing new client relationships specifically with
hedge, private equity and venture capital funds.

Sharon joined Richey May as a tax director specializing in the taxation of
alternative investment vehicles such as hedge funds, fund of funds, private
equity funds and venture capital funds.

GEORGIA

ATLANTA

Square 1 Bank said that Scott Coleman has joined the bank's small business
lending group as vice president and business development officer.

Based in Atlanta, Coleman will focus on business development efforts throughout
Georgia and the greater Southeast.

He joins Square 1 Bank with more than 15 years of experience in financial
services.

Throughout his career, Coleman has advised small business owners in the areas of
SBA lending, commercial real estate and equipment finance.

During this time, he has served in a variety of business development roles,
including positions at Onyx Capital Group, Banco Popular, IBM and most recently,
Quantum National Bank.

MARYLAND

BETHESDA

Walker & Dunlop Inc. said that Alison Williams has joined the company as vice
president.

Williams will focus on originating commercial real estate debt and equity
throughout the United States for all types of income-producing properties, based
out of the company's office in Tampa, Fla.

She is an eleven-year veteran of NorthMarq, where she served as vice president.

Throughout her career, Williams has closed commercial transactions for all
property types, including student, conventional multifamily, assisted living,
hospitality, office, industrial and retail.

MASSACHUSETTS

WALTHAM

Pro Teck Valuation Services named Matt Jenkins executive vice president, client
relations.

Jenkins formerly served as the executive vice president of operations for Pro
Teck.

He joined Pro Teck in 2005 as a staff appraiser and has been promoted throughout
his tenure, including having served as the director of strategic accounts.

He assumed the role of EVP of operations in 2009, where he had responsibility
for overall quality control, vendor management, production, delivery, client
management and customer satisfaction.

Prior to that, he worked for Fidelity National Financial.

NORTH CAROLINA

RALEIGH

First Citizens BancShares has appointed Blake Coules chief risk officer.

Coules will be in charge of risk management across the entire company,
overseeing compliance, credit risk, operational risk and analytics functions.

Coules is taking over for Donald Geaslen, who became chief risk officer last
August but is no longer with the company.

Coules has spent 30 years in financial services and was most recently the chief
credit officer for VantageSouth Bank, another Raleigh bank that was bought by
Yadkin Financial last month.

Additionally, he worked at PNC Financial Services Group and a predecessor, RBC
Bank, where he held various titles including vice president of commercial risk,
senior manager of risk management, chief data officer and senior vice president
of real estate markets and special assets group.

TEXAS

DALLAS

Supreme Lending has opened a branch in Sacramento, Calif., which will be led
Scott Bruns.

Bruns has worked in the mortgage industry for more than 24 years.

Prior to joining Supreme Lending, he was an area manager for WJ Bradley Mortgage
Capital.

Bruns also held senior sales executive positions with Sierra Pacific Mortgage,
Western Bancorp and Paramount Equity.

FORT WORTH

Colonial announced that Richard Harvey has been named chief compliance officer.

Harvey brings to the company more than 25 years of experience in building bank
compliance infrastructure.

In his new position, he will be responsible for further development and
maintenance of compliance processes related to state and federal law for
Colonial's numerous business lines.

Harvey was most recently chief compliance officer and general counsel for Omney
Inc. in California.

He has served as trial attorney for the Office of Thrift Supervision and as
former chair of the American Bankers Association Compliance Executive Committee.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Sunday Telegraph (LONDON)

                           September 10, 2006 Sunday

LOAD DOWN R 'n' B SINGER LEMAR

SECTION: SEVEN; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 339 words


Anthony Hamilton: Pass Me Over From his album Ain't Nobody Worrying - it's a
really cool track. I always end up listening to it when I'm driving around. It
just talks about being able to sleep and dream and be somewhere else, and just
asking people, if you catch me sleeping just leave me until I wake. If you like
people like Jill Scott or Angie Stone, then you'll like Anthony Hamilton. He's
got a very gritty, soulful voice.

The Jacks: Couldn't Care Less My mate told me about this group: he was in
Manchester having a drink somewhere and they were in the club, and later on he
saw them doing a show. He told me that they were amazing and that I've got to
check them out, so I went to their website, thejacks.co.uk. I heard a few tracks
and this one really stood out. It's kind of a cross between Oasis and The
Beatles and the Arctic Monkeys.

Ray Lamontagne: Trouble I went to New York to have a meeting with a record
company, and the A&R person there asked if I'd heard of this guy called Ray. She
played me the song and I thought it was amazing. About six months later I
started hearing it over here. That song is just great.

India Arie: I Am Not My Hair I really like her album, and this is a really good
song. It's a very positive song, about taking people for who they are as opposed
to what they look like or how they dress.

Marvin Gaye: Sexual Healing The best sexual song ever. You can play it now and
it still sounds classy. A lot of old-school stuff you play now is cool but it
does sound a bit dated, but not this one.

Sway: Little Derek He's a rapper, a kind of hip-hop/grime artist. He brings
humour and he's a breath of fresh air. He's really been trying from a grassroots
level and he's started to break through. The UK hip-hop scene is growing.
There's a few people who've come to fruition, like Dizzee Rascal, Kano and Sway,
who are doing music that people can relate to, and they're thinking outside the
box.

Lemar's new album 'The Truth About Love' is released tomorrow. He plays the Jazz
Cafe, London NW1, September 11-14

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    December 6, 2001 Thursday CITY-D EDITION

Blast kills suicide bomber;
Israel suspends air strikes
The 12-hour lull is to see if Arafat can rein in terrorists
like the one yesterday, who was near a Jerusalem hotel.

BYLINE: Carol Rosenberg KNIGHT RIDDER NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 788 words

DATELINE: JERUSALEM


A Palestinian suicide bomber triggered a huge blast yesterday outside a hotel
where two Israeli cabinet members were staying but killed only himself when his
bomb apparently detonated prematurely.

Rather than retaliating, Israel gave Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat a 12-hour
respite from two days of intensive air strikes on his symbols and strongholds.
Israel said the time-out would test Arafat's determination to rein in radical
militants responsible for a wave of suicide bombings that since Saturday have
killed 29 people.

Foreign Minister Shimon Peres took credit for the initiative, which increases
the pressure on Arafat to act, helps refute charges that Israel wants to topple
him rather than negotiate with him, and may mollify some critics of the
government's forceful response to the suicide bombings.

Arafat telephoned the Foreign Ministry in Jerusalem yesterday morning to
complain about the missile strikes, according to Peres aides.

Peres then told him it was urgent that he arrest 36 militants on a list Israel
had sent him.

"You have no time. You have to act now," Peres reportedly said. "You have lost
your credibility."

Arafat reportedly replied that the Israeli attacks prevented him from deploying
his security forces against Islamic Jihad and Hamas, radical Islamic groups that
have taken responsibility for the suicide bombings.

Peres said that he would "check with the prime minister," and subsequently sent
Arafat a message that he had 12 hours to capture the 36 militants, Peres aide
Yoram Dori said.

A report from Gaza said Palestinian police scuffled with guerrillas of Hamas'
Izzedine al-Qassam Brigades yesterday in a bid to arrest a bodyguard of Sheik
Ahmad Yassin, the Hamas spiritual leader. Palestinian Authority police recently
placed Yassin under house arrest.

Arafat did not release a version of his 15-minute conversation with Peres, but
he called the Foreign Ministry less than four hours after suicide bomber Daoud
Ali Ahmed Abu Sway, 41, struck on King David Street during the morning rush
hour.

It was a gloomy, rainy day, however, and few people were in the street, limiting
injuries to three Israelis who were slightly wounded by flying debris.

Israeli Public Security Minister Uzi Landau and Religion Minister Asher Ohana
were inside David's Citadel, a luxury hotel near the spot where Sway detonated a
belt packed with explosives and machine screws. Some members of Israel's
parliament stay in Jerusalem hotels during the week and commute home for the
Sabbath.

The blast left Sway's remains strewn across King David Street; blood streaked
the hotel facade.

Police said what appeared to be the bomb's premature detonation averted what
could have been a calamity. They theorized that Sway might have been trying to
board a bus at a nearby stop or had planned to enter the hotel.

In Beirut, Lebanon, the Jerusalem Brigades of the Islamic Jihad Movement in
Palestine claimed responsibility for the operation in a faxed statement to
Reuters news agency. It said Sway, an unemployed laborer, was en route to attack
a hotel where "Zionist" leaders were present but "because of special
circumstances evaluated by the martyr he decided to blow himself up instead."

It was unclear when the 12-hour time-out promised by Peres began, but Israel
grounded its warplanes throughout the day yesterday.

It also was unclear whether Arafat's efforts would satisfy Prime Minister Ariel
Sharon, who had dismissed as window-dressing a roundup of 150 Palestinian
radicals.

The Israeli demand that he arrest Islamic militants puts Arafat on a tightrope
between international condemnation of suicide attacks and their popularity on
Palestinian streets. Israel also alleges that members of Arafat's own Fatah
party have participated in attacks on Israelis.

As if to illustrate the dilemma, Hamas condemned Arafat's arrest campaign
yesterday, saying it only served Israeli interests.

At the same time, the time-out may relieve political pressure on Sharon's
Likud-led coalition government. Peres told his Labor Party colleagues yesterday
that he had no interest in quitting the government. Several Laborites had
considered doing so after leaving a cabinet meeting Tuesday to protest a
declaration that Arafat's Palestinian Authority backs terrorism.

Israel launched the air strikes hours after Sharon returned Monday from a
meeting with President Bush that gave him a green light to retaliate for two
horrific weekend attacks on Jerusalem's cafe district and a Haifa bus that
killed 25 bystanders and three suicide bombers.

Inquirer staff writer Michael Matza contributed to this article.

Its assets frozen, a Muslim charity vows to recover millions. A23.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
GIL YOHANAN, Knight Ridder Tribune
An Israeli officer cleans up the site where a suicide bomber detonated
prematurely during rush hour.

                  Copyright 2001 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     April 23, 1992 Thursday Final Edition

Strong quake sways buildings in S. California

SOURCE: FROM ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 358 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


A strong earthquake that rattled Southern California last night made buildings
sway in Los Angeles and was felt as far away as Arizona and Nevada.

There were no immediate reports of serious damage or injuries.

Officials said there was a 10 per cent to 25 per cent chance that the quake,
several kilometres from the San Andreas fault but not on it, was a foreshock to
the long-dreaded disastrous "big one" sometime in the next three days.

But that also means there is a 75 per cent to 90 per cent chance a bigger quake
won't happen soon.

Yesterday's quake measured 6.1 in a preliminary Richter scale reading, said
officials at the California Institute of Technology's seismology lab in
Pasadena. A magnitude 6 quake is capable of severe damage.

U.S. Geological Survey monitors in Golden, Colo., gave a preliminary reading of
6.0, said survey spokesman Don Finley. He said smaller aftershocks followed.

The epicentre was 15 kilometres (10 miles) east of Desert Hot Springs, which is
175 kilometres (110 miles) east of downtown Los Angeles, Caltech said. Lesser
quakes had struck that area earlier last evening.

Buildings swayed in downtown Los Angeles. Shaking was felt at Dodger Stadium but
didn't interrupt a baseball game there. There was no noticeable reaction from
players or the crowd of 34,924. Phones in the press box went out for several
minutes.

The quake was felt from San Diego to Santa Barbara, 320 kilometres (200 miles)
up the coast, according to broadcast reports.

"It rolled for a good five to 10 seconds, a real strong one to the point where
it didn't seem like it was going to end," said Mark Sayre, a broadcaster in Palm
Springs. "People bolted out of their doors."

The quake wasn't on the San Andreas fault, which runs northwest-southeast, but
on an unnamed north-to-south fault in the mountains northeast of it, said Lucy
Jones, a U.S. Geological Survey seismologist at Caltech.

A quake measuring 4.6 on the Richter scale struck at 7.25 p.m. and was centred
east of Desert Hot Springs, said Julie Hakewill of Caltech. Several smaller
tremors followed.

No damage or injuries were reported from those quakes.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1992 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              461 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 23, 2016 Sunday

Bayh, Young each attacking the other's record in effort to sway voters

BYLINE: Megan Banta, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1226 words


Oct. 23--Though the two major-party candidates running for U.S. Senate both say
they're running to help Hoosiers, they've spent most of their campaigns on
either offense or defense.

Republican U.S. Rep. Todd Young and Democrat Evan Bayh each points to the
other's record in an effort to show his own record is the better one for
Hoosiers.

And the squabbling between the two of them during their one and only debate on
Tuesday overshadowed their policy ideas, while Libertarian Lucy Brenton jested
she was afraid the mudslinging would ruin her white suit as she tried to cut
through the noise as a viable alternative.

It also dominated the "spin room" after the debate.

Bayh, who was the first to address the media after the candidates' debate, began
his comments by saying he thought they had a "good, vigorous discussion," but it
was unfortunate that Young was "so unrelentingly negative."

The Democrat said the temperament he described Young as displaying during the
debate -- "pointing fingers, being negative, making unfounded allegations" --
won't fare well in the Senate.

Bayh repeatedly has lamented the attack ads leveled against him by outside
groups, such as the Senate Leadership Fund, that support Young.

"Frankly, I think the people of Indiana have had enough of the attack ads," Bayh
said. "I hope that the remainder of this campaign -- the next three weeks -- can
be positive, focusing on the challenges people face in their daily lives, why we
want to serve the people of the state of Indiana, rather than so much vitriol
and so many attacks."

Bayh elaborated on that Wednesday during a visit to Monroe County Democratic
Party headquarters, joking that he and his wife "only watch the Disney Channel
anymore" and saying he's trying to focus on the positive.

"I'm giving people something to vote for," he said, pointing to issues such as
college affordability, economic growth through fair trade deals and protecting
Social Security and Medicare. "I think people vote for reasons."

Another reason Bayh says voters should select him is his history of working with
those on the other side of the aisle.

"We need people who will work constructively, in a bipartisan way, to make
progress," he said.

Although Bayh wants to focus on the positive, he can't ignore the attacks.

"I do think I have a right to defend myself," he told reporters Tuesday night as
he characterized Young's attacks as false and unfounded.

As he added Wednesday: "We fight back against that by telling people the truth,
and that's that I've always voted for Hoosiers and Hoosier families and, too
often, my opponent has voted against Hoosier families."

But that isn't the way Young, who hit Bayh hard and repeatedly Tuesday night for
his support of Obamacare, sees it.

"I'm a Marine, and my mission, should I become the next United States senator
for Indiana, is to work with all Hoosiers, Republican and Democrat, young and
old, to make sure that we come up with a health care policy that actually
decreases costs, is sustainable and increases access at the same time," he said
after the debate.

"Evan Bayh has become a creature of Washington, D.C., and he didn't listen to
Hoosiers when they needed him most," Young said. "That's a substantive contrast
between the two of us."

And although Young has taken flak for refusing to disavow Republican
presidential nominee Donald Trump, he echoed his previous responses, saying he
intends "to be an independent, Hoosier conservative voice" no matter who is
elected to lead the nation.

Young also continued to push his differences with Bayh, describing the race as
one between a Hoosier fighting for the state's interests and values and a
creature of D.C. who is entrenched in the establishment.

"Hoosiers will have to decide how much character matters in this election," he
said, describing himself as the candidate who represents Hoosier, common sense
values.

The Republican added that although Bayh said it seemed he was "losing it" toward
the end of the debate, he would characterize his gesturing as passion.

"Am I passionate about the fact that Evan Bayh left Indiana to work for others?
Yes. Am I passionate about the fact that Evan Bayh ignored the wishes of
rank-and-file Hoosiers and cast a vote for the most partisan law in a generation
that has led to skyrocketing premiums, reduced access to health care and is
absolutely unsustainable? Yes," Young said.

"I don't apologize for my passion, my conviction on behalf of Hoosiers and their
families." Young said. "It's the same sort of passion that this Marine, this
Hoosier Marine will bring to Washington, D.C., as the next United States senator
for Indiana."

Yet, Brenton says the two major-party candidates have more in common than they
think -- most importantly, that they both are beholden to those giving them
money and spending on their behalf.

"When you look at me as an outsider, you have to know that I'm not bought and
paid for," Brenton told reporters Tuesday night.

"I'm the only one that's not a marionette on strings because $30 million has not
been given to me to screw over the American people."

The Libertarian is pushing different issues, having chosen to use her portion of
the debate in which the candidates could focus on any topic of their choice to
talk about the need for legalizing commercial hemp.

She also approached the debate in a different fashion than Young and Bayh,
employing quips that included two "Star Wars" references.

"If you can't have fun in politics, you're not doing it right," she said when
asked if those jests might have trivialized the debate.

She's making an appeal to voters with the recognition that she's benefiting from
much of the discourse at the national level and is "sure there are a lot of
people who will vote for me simply out of disgust for the old parties."

"You should, and I would love your vote. The fact of the matter is that there
are alternatives to the two-party system," Brenton said. "What I do ask is that
you look at my campaign, look at my stances and look at the fact that I'm the
only one that's free to say 'no' to the corporations who are hurting this
country."

U.S. SENATE CANDIDATE PROFILES

Todd Young

Party Affiliation: Republican.

Occupation: U.S. Representative; dad of four.

Experience: U.S. Representative for the 9th Congressional District,
2011-present; service in the Marine Corps as an intelligence officer
specializing in counter-narcotics and anti-terrorism; former management
consultant and former practicing attorney.

Facebook: Todd Young Indiana.

Twitter: @ToddYoungIN.

Website: toddyoung.org.

Evan Bayh

Party Affiliation: Democrat.

Occupation: Partner and strategic adviser for McGuireWoods LLP, senior adviser
at Apollo Global Management.

Experience: Served as Indiana secretary of state 1986-89, as Indiana's governor
1989-97 and as U.S. senator representing Indiana 1999-2011.

Facebook: Evan Bayh for Indiana.

Twitter: @EvanBayh.

Website: evanbayhforindiana.com.

Lucy Brenton

Party Affiliation: Libertarian.

Occupation: Entrepreneur in the finance industry.

Experience: Secretary of the Hamilton County Libertarian Party, ran for
City-County Council in Indianapolis in 1995.

Facebook: facebook.com/lucy4senate.

Twitter: @lucy4senate.

Website: lucyforsenate.com.

___ (c)2016 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161023-BM-Bayh-Young-each-attacking-the-other-s-record-in-effort-to-
sway-voters-1023-20161023

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2016 Herald-Times


                              462 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Crain's Detroit Business

                               September 8, 2008
                              Correction Appended

Local firms make shopping an illuminating experience

BYLINE: Nancy Kaffer

LENGTH: 1104 Words


It was a rainy day in New York City, and Ken Nisch and Ron Harwood were running
late.

Nisch, chairman of Southfield-based retail design consultancy JGA Inc., and
Harwood, president of Farmington Hills-based lighting design firm Illuminating
Concepts Inc., were en route to John F. Kennedy International Airport, ready to
pitch a job to British Airways.

The call to make a bid to redesign the United Kingdom-based airline's New York
terminal had come out of the blue.

British Airways execs had learned of JGA through an article in a Japanese
magazine, leaving the men little time to prepare. Neither Harwood nor Nisch was
exactly sure what kind of selling points would find a warm reception with the
airline.

``We talked about who we were and what we did,'' Nisch said. ``We made a pitch,
and the guys got on a plane.''

They got the job.

Unless you work in retail, or commission lighting schemes for large projects,
you might not have heard of Illuminating Concepts or frequent collaborator JGA.

But nationally, the two businesses have led the pack in retail design and
lighting for the past 10 years.

Nisch and Harwood have developed a close relationship, parlaying local successes
into high-profile projects around the world.

Illuminating Concepts had $15 million in revenue during the last fiscal year,
according to Nick Priest, director of business and marketing development, and
JGA brought in $7.4 million in fiscal 2007, said marketing director Marcy
Goldstein.

JGA's client list reads like a diverse who's who of American retail: Borders
Group Inc.'s concept stores, The Hershey Co.'s store in New York City's Times
Square, Diesel, Godiva Chocolatier, Neiman Marcus, Hot Topic and Origins.

Illuminating Concepts' resume is no less impressive, dotted with names like
Detroit's Compuware and Guardian buildings, the Chinese Museum of Film in
Beijing, Comerica Park and Wembley Stadium District in London.

Harwood is a music aficionado and electrical engineer. Nisch was quick to see
the growing possibilities for retail design.

``Ken had a vision of where retail needs to be,'' Harwood said. ``He was ahead
of the pack.''

Back in the 1980s, JGA and Illuminating Concepts were strictly local firms,
building their relationship while working the developing Orchard Lake corridor
in the western suburbs. JGA was founded in 1971; Illuminating Concepts started
10 years later.

The area was booming, strip centers and residential developments rivaling each
other.

The companies had performed some international work -- the aforementioned
British Airways job came through in 1988 -- but it wasn't until 1994 that a
contact Nisch and Harwood had made paid off. The companies were tapped to work
on the Warner Bros. concept stores, then the cutting edge of a new model:
experiential retail.

Because Warner Bros.' background was cinema, not traditional retail, the company
was open to a more radical interpretation of the retail experience.

``We had a company that thought in terms of what it costs to make a movie,''
Nisch said. ``We'd show them something crazy and they'd say, `We've got to have
something crazier.' ''

The stores were geared toward kids, but had to fit in a high-end retail
environment, next to prestige stores like Cartier and Armani, Nisch said.

Because Warner Bros. had decades worth of products, there were lots to choose
from in designing the stores.

``We didn't have to invent the content,'' Harwood said. ``We had to invent the
way we got the content to the customer, without a video screen.''

The result was stores that incorporated cinematic and retail elements, telling
the Warner Bros. story while selling branded goods.

Now defunct, the stores immersed customers in the experience not just of the
goods sold in the stores, but in the Warner Bros. experience.

The sky was the limit, but the store design had to be replicable in malls of
radically different sizes, from New York to London to Tokyo.

That's part of what's kept the companies' talents in demand.

The complicated designs JGA develops must be unique but customizable to fit a
variety of spaces from the sprawling regional malls of the United States to the
more compact retail spaces of Tokyo.

Illuminating Concepts' work is challenging in a different way. The company has
brought together a slate of experts that previously, Priest said, had to be
contracted independently, and offers integrated lighting, water and audio
design.

Post-Warner Bros., both companies built international portfolios and were in
demand across the world. A slate of top-drawer projects followed: Urban
Outfitters, Planet Hollywood, Mac Cosmetics, Tommy Hilfiger.

``We compete and fight like tigers in this business,'' said Russell Sway, CEO of
Atlanta-based R. Sway Associates and chairman of the Retail Design Institute,
the industry organization.

But in a highly competitive market, he said, JGA stands out.

``Ken does a lot of one-on-one marketing with retail executives, which is an
essential in this business,'' Sway said. ``A lot of firms don't understand that.
They'll send a project director when they should be sending a senior vice
president.''

Marketing isn't JGA's only strength, he said.

``Ken runs a good ship creatively,'' Sway said. ``Because at the end of the day,
that's what we're talking about.''

Both JGA and Illuminating Concepts have built extensive studios with sample
products, resources and designs under development.

Along the way, there have been a couple of other innovations.

Harwood holds a patent on a streetlight with a built-in speaker, installed at
Greenfield Village and in downtown Detroit, as well as other locations across
the nation and worldwide. The company also has developed a program capable of
controlling the audio, lighting and water components of a design remotely, in an
integrated format.

``Focus Lighting and Illuminating Concepts have a very similar approach to
offering not only lighting design but extensive lighting equipment supply. But
there are few companies who provide such a diverse range of high quality systems
as Illuminating Concepts,'' said Paul Gregory, president of New York-based Focus
Lighting. ``They do water fixtures, video, audio and lighting, providing the
whole package for the forward-thinking client.''

As the retail market has softened in the U.S., the companies have found markets
overseas.

``The world's not broke,'' Nisch said. ``Especially parts that are pumping oil
out of the ground.''

About 15 percent of JGA's work this year has been overseas, Goldstein said, up
from a more typical 5 percent to 10 percent.

Next year, she said, the company is on track to hit 25 percent.

Nancy Kaffer: (313) 446-0412, nkaffer@crain.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 15, 2008



CORRECTION: * Due to incorrect information provided to Crain's, a story
published on Page 24 of the Sept. 8 edition gave the wrong date for a British
Airways terminal redesign, a joint project of JGA Inc. and Illuminating Concepts
Inc. The companies worked on the redesign in 1998.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: db


                      Copyright 2008 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                          September 24, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Balsillie relents on quick move of Coyotes franchise

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B11

LENGTH: 253  words


Canadian billionaire Jim Balsillie agreed yesterday to keep the Phoenix Coyotes
in Arizona for this season, should his bid be accepted to purchase the bankrupt
NHL team.

During a morning hearing in a Phoenix courtroom, a lawyer for Balsillie told
Judge Redfield T. Baum that he'd be willing to wait to move the franchise at the
Olympic break in February, or keep it there for the entire season if necessary.

"In order to get this done, we would be willing to just say this team would stay
here this year," Jeffrey Kessler said. "We will wait to see if there's going to
be a Glendale buyer by the end of December. If there's not, then we would move
the team thereafter." Yesterday's hearing was held at the request of Coyotes
owner Jerry Moyes, in an effort to sway Baum into sending the case to mediation
to solve some of the contentious sale issues.

The hearing went more than an hour despite Baum's initial call for it to last no
more than 30 minutes, Kessler also said that Balsillie is willing to give the
City of Glendale $25 million US no matter what happens, and another $25 million
if he takes control of the franchise and is willing to move it to Hamilton.

The City of Glendale, the NHL and the major creditors involved in the bankruptcy
are against mediation, while Balsillie is hoping his concessions will sway Baum.
The judge, however, declined to rule immediately on the mediation request.

"I do have a very strong sense that you all are not going to reach a consensual
agreement on this on your own," Baum said.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday

Clinton and Trump race to sway undecided voters in tight fight

LENGTH: 918 words


PITTSBURGH/SARASOTA: Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump
crisscrossed the United States on Monday, racing to sway undecided voters and to
get their supporters to vote in a tight presidential contest that opinion polls
show narrowly favoring Clinton.


With only one day left before Election Day, the Clinton campaign was boosted by
Sunday's unexpected announcement by FBI Director James Comey that the agency
stood by its July decision not to press any criminal charges in an investigation
of Clinton's e-mail practices.
The latest opinion polls showed former Secretary of State Clinton ahead. A Fox
News poll showed her leading Trump, a wealthy New York real estate developer, by
4 percentage points among likely voters. Clinton also held a 4-point lead in an
ABC/Washington Post poll and a CBS news poll released on Monday.
Financial markets brightened on Monday in reaction to the latest twists in what
has been a roller-coaster presidential campaign. Global equity markets surged,
as did the US dollar, putting them on track for their biggest gains in weeks as
investors saw Sunday's announcement by Comey as boosting Clinton's chances of
winning.
Opinion polls show a close race, but tilting toward Clinton, 69. Major
bookmakers and online exchanges were more confident than public opinion polling
that Clinton will win. PredictIt put her chances of capturing the White House at
81 percent.
Both Clinton and Trump, 70, were spending the day racing across a handful of
battleground states that could swing the election, given the Electoral College
system that awards the White House on the basis of state-by-state wins.
Trump, who had never previously run for public office, held his first campaign
appearance of the day in Sarasota, Florida, where he and Clinton have been
locked in a tough battle in a state with a large Hispanic-American voting
population.
Trump gave no ground to Clinton or to polls showing her with a narrow lead.
Predicting he would win, he told supporters in Sarasota that Clinton "is such a
phony" and, "We're tired of being led by stupid people."
Trump also had stops planned in North Carolina, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire and
Michigan, closing with a late-night rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
The FBI's Comey sent shockwaves through the race on Sunday when he told Congress
that investigators had reviewed recently discovered e-mails and found no reason
to change their July finding that there was no criminal wrongdoing in Clinton's
use of a private e-mail server, rather than a government system, while she was
secretary of state from 2009-2013.  It was uncertain whether the announcement
came in time to change voters' minds or undo any damage from days of Republican
attacks on Clinton as corrupt. Tens of millions of Americans had cast early
votes in the 10 days since Comey first told Congress of the newly discovered
e-mails.
"Nothing's going to change between today and tomorrow to help (Clinton) win
back" undecided voters, Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said on ABC's
"Good Morning America."
Trump, who drew wide criticism last month when he said the election was rigged
against him and that he would not yet commit to respecting the outcome,
questioned the thoroughness of the FBI review and said the issue would not go
away.
Tammy Regis, 42, a disabled Army veteran who served in Iraq and now lives in
Palmetto, Florida, said she would not trust the outcome if Clinton wins.
"If she wins, no I won't. I just think it's really shady," Regis said, adding
that she did not know why Comey "flip-flopped" on Clinton's e-mails.
Clinton was to make two stops in Pennsylvania and visit Michigan on Monday
before wrapping up with a midnight rally in Raleigh, North Carolina. She was to
appear at an evening rally at Philadelphia's Independence Hall with President
Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama, as well as rock star Bruce
Springsteen.
Speaking briefly to reporters before boarding her campaign plane in Pittsburgh,
Clinton pressed her commitment to bringing the country together.
"I think that these splits, these divides that have been not only exposed but
exacerbated by the campaign on the other side are ones that we really do have to
... bring the country together," Clinton said.
Since entering the race in 2015, Trump has challenged political norms with
bombast, personal attacks and unorthodox policies, including proposals to bar
Muslims from entering the United States and build a wall on the southern border
to keep Central Americans from entering illegally.
In October, his campaign was rocked by the circulation of a 2005 video in which
he boasted about groping women.
While such controversies have given Clinton the edge among women and minorities,
Trump enjoys solid support among non-college educated whites. For both
candidates, turning that support into actual votes is critical to building the
270 electoral votes needed to win the election.
Markets have tended to see Clinton as the status quo candidate, with more
uncertainty over Trump. Global financial markets slipped last week as polls
showed the race tightening, with news of the renewed FBI investigation
apparently fueling a slide in Clinton's poll numbers since late October.
The latest Reuters/Ipsos poll showed Clinton with a 5 percentage point lead over
Trump nationally -- 44 percent to 39 percent support -- while races in Florida
and North Carolina shifted from favoring Clinton to being too close to call.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/7/9/28/147858489178.jpg



LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2016 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Candidates spar over birth control

BYLINE: Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 401 words


Women's reproductive health issues have taken center stage in U.S. Sen. Mark
Udall's battle to retain his seat as Colorado's senior senator.

The most recent polling in the race shows Republican Rep. Cory Gardner with a
slight edge over Udall, a Democrat, the third poll in a row to show the
Republican challenger up. Both sides have flooded the airwaves and Internet with
advertising in large part because a victory for Gardner could help the GOP gain
control of the Senate.

"Had you asked me to handicap this race six months ago, I would have said
Udall's incumbency ... would have given him a really good shot at winning," said
Kyle Saunders, a political science professor at Colorado State University.
"(Now) this is a really close race."

The race probably comes down to 10%-15% of Colorado voters. Republicans have a
slight edge in voter registration, and large numbers of Coloradans are
unaffiliated. Saunders said many of those unaffiliated tend to vote consistently
with one of the two major parties, leaving a small number of actual undecided
voters.

Gardner and his allies have released ads  touting his proposal to make birth
control available over the counter, a new approach to an issue that has been
challenging for him.

Gardner previously supported a Colorado ballot measure that would have given
legal rights to a fertilized egg, a position he now disavows.

Gardner says the two measures are different, but both could lead to the banning
of some common forms of birth control.

Udall's campaign has run advertisements  pointing out that birth control
prescriptions are covered 100% by the Affordable Care Act, whereas women would
have to pay for over-the-counter pills.

Udall has carved out a liberal record on health care and the environment.

He  was an early backer of Obamacare and has been attacked  during the campaign
for his ties to the law and to President Obama.

This summer, Udall skipped a fundraiser Obama held on behalf of fellow Democrats
in Denver.

Saunders said the close focus on health care and reproductive issues indicates
the  majority of voters have  picked a side and tens of millions of dollars are
being spent to sway a tiny percentage of undecideds.

"The question is whether or not the center of Colorado's electorate, that middle
10%-15%, and even inside of that, suburban women, will that sway them enough to
either demobilize them or keep their vote with Udall," Saunders said.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo David Zalubowski, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           February 15, 2011 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Frankel urges ethics probe of Douglas e-mails to staff ;
 The commissioner says the mayor wants to sway voters.

BYLINE: By ANDREW ABRAMSON Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 761 words

DATELINE: WEST PALM BEACH


With just three weeks left until her successor is elected, Mayor Lois Frankel
came out swinging at a candidate seated a few feet from her Monday, suggesting
at a public work session that somebody request an ethics investigation of City
Commissioner Molly Douglas.

Frankel said she believes Douglas violated Florida ethics rules, based on
e-mails Douglas sent urging city staff to influence decisions on building
permits or code enforcement on behalf of people with whom she had business
relationships.

Frankel said she became aware of the e-mails after a public records request from
The Palm Beach Post, which published a story on the topic Feb. 6.

"All I can say is that the city is not our candy store," Frankel said at the
meeting. "I think it's inappropriate for any commissioner to use the staff, the
e-mail system or anything to further advance a client."

Douglas blasted Frankel, saying the mayor was using Monday's workshop to hurt
her politically. Frankel is supporting Commissioner Jeri Muoio, a Douglas rival,
in the mayoral race.

"You're trying to sway the voters, you are out of order and you're trying to do
this to help Commissioner Muoio get elected," Douglas said.

Frankel denied playing politics and said she didn't care whether an ethics
investigation took place before or after the election.

After the meeting, Muoio said questions about Douglas' actions warrant
investigation.

"She said she didn't do it for monetary gain, but it's about using your
position," Muoio said. "I think the city deserves an answer. If there's nothing
there, she shouldn't be concerned."

Douglas repeatedly said that the FBI had investigated her and didn't press
charges. She said she did nothing wrong.

However, Frankel said Douglas could still be subject to investigation by the
Florida Commission on Ethics.

West Palm Beach residents recently voted for the city to be placed under the
watch of the county's ethics commission, but officials have said the state would
be the appropriate forum for an ethics probe of actions prior to the creation of
that commission.

After the meeting, Douglas said she believes Frankel took a public stance on the
issue to persuade somebody to file an ethics complaint with the state.

"They'll get some symbolic person to file a complaint, and they'll be able to
campaign against me, that I'm under investigation," Douglas said. "That to me is
such a horrific abuse of the city's power, the mayor's bully pulpit. She's
trying to shut down the election for me. It will sway the election, there's no
question about it."

But regardless of whether it sways the election, Muoio said, "she should have
been investigated at the time it happened. Now it's come out and it should be
investigated."

Frankel said she was disturbed when reading the e-mails between Douglas and city
staff. Douglas later said Frankel knew about the FBI investigation all along.

Douglas said she went to Frankel when the FBI subpoenaed her, and Frankel
advised her to meet with criminal defense attorney Richard Lubin, Frankel's
ex-husband.

Frankel confirmed she sent Douglas to Lubin at the time, but said she believed
Douglas when she said she did nothing wrong. Frankel said she had never seen the
e-mails.

Kimberly Mitchell was the only other commissioner to weigh in on at the issue at
Monday's meeting, saying it would benefit Douglas if an ethics board heard her
case.

"There are facts -- either something happened or didn't," Mitchell said. "I
think it's unfair to the process, it's unfair to Commissioner Douglas, if it
isn't resolved one way or another, so it doesn't leave clouds over both heads."

Muoio and mayoral candidate Charles Bantel previously said they believed Douglas
acted unethically. Candidate Paula Ryan termed Douglas' actions inappropriate.

Douglas called Frankel "a master politician" on Monday, accusing her of
threatening city employees and chamber of commerce members who want to support
Douglas.

She also accused Frankel of pushing The Post to publish the story about the FBI
investigation, although Douglas was the one who first brought up the FBI issue
in public, at a mayoral debate, as a way to show that her ethics had been
affirmed by the lack of charges.

"You are a magnificent actress, I have to give you credit for that," Frankel
said.

"I've seen city staff misused by past commissioners and I can't have it going
forward. I can promise you, I have nothing to do with this article. I didn't
know about your e-mails. I wish I had. If I had known about them, I would have
made them public far before this article came out."

~ andrew_abramson@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Z Frankel lacks ethics credibility.Editorial, 10A

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            November 28, 2010 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

NEW HAMPSHIRE TURNS TO 2012;
REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL HOPEFULS ALREADY ARE LINING UP LOCAL SUPPORTERS IN WHAT
IS NOW A RED STATE

BYLINE: David M. Shribma

SECTION: EDITORIAL; MY POINT; Pg. B-3

LENGTH: 1010 words


NORTH CONWAY, N.H. -- There's a blanket of white on Mount Washington, a whiff of
snow in the air down here in the valley. Some mornings there's a rime of ice on
the ponds, a thin sheet on the windshields. Everywhere in the North Country
there is the sense that a change of season -- dramatic, in some ways brutal, in
all ways unavoidable -- is in motion.

This is happening here not only in the distant hills but also in the political
environment down below, where the change is perceptible, even powerful. Those
who held sway have been swept away. A new series of struggles is all but
underway.

One of the struggles is for fall -- the very best season here, described by the
New Hampshire poet Donald Hall as "the annual dazzle" -- in its November effort
to retain its precarious hold despite the advances of winter. The other struggle
is more prosaic and political. This is a state of natural splendor, of course,
but it also is a state of political engagement.

That political engagement -- the new political season -- is about to start, if
it hasn't already.

When the fall campaign began, New Hampshire was the bluest of states, the
temptation almost irresistible to describe the political environment as being as
blue as the skies in the Presidential Range. When it ended earlier this month,
red skies of deep atmospheric change were everywhere.

The two Democratic seats in the U.S. House -- gone. The Democrats' 14-10
advantage in the state Senate -- vanished, the Republicans now holding sway by
an astonishing 19 to 5. The Democrats' 222-176 margin in the state House --
obliterated, the new margin being 298 to 102 with the GOP in unambiguous charge.

But there is more. The Executive Committee, a colonial vestige that confirms
gubernatorial appointments and every contract over $5,000, had a slim 3-2
Democratic margin when fall began. When it reconvenes in January, the
Republicans will hold a 5-0 advantage. The Democratic governor, John Lynch, then
will need three Republicans to approve the mere appointment of a justice of the
peace.

What this means for the national political picture is clear. The New Hampshire
primary, for six decades the first in the country, will be conducted in an
atmosphere that has been altered substantially. The Republican candidates'
challenge: transferring the energy and passion that transformed the state into a
formidable political movement.

Some of this has started. Former Gov. Mitt Romney of neighboring Massachusetts
retains a strong presence here and perhaps the strongest political organization.
Gov. Tim Pawlenty, unrecognizable in any state beyond Minnesota, has been here
several times. Former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania, almost invisible in
his own state, came here two days after the election -- his sixth visit thus
far, along with seven to Iowa and six to South Carolina -- and soon will be
back. Gov. Haley Barbour of Mississippi has made two trips here, Gov. Bobby
Jindal of Louisiana one. Former Gov. George E. Pataki of New York, not exactly a
political cover boy elsewhere, has a significant presence. The rules are
different here.

So is the atmosphere when the political Brigadoon last set up its stage here.
The two GOP U.S. House victories and the triumph of former Attorney General
Kelly Ayotte in the race to assume the Republican Senate seat being vacated by
Judd Gregg gave potential Republican candidates a staging area for their own
efforts and gave local Republicans a new burst of energy and empowerment.

All of which is why the 2012 presidential campaign is already stirring here.

"You can't start any faster than the day after the midterm elections, and it
started the day after the midterm elections," says former Gov. John H. Sununu,
the state Republican chairman and a onetime White House chief of staff. "Those
who ran last time have residues of campaigns here. Those who didn't run took
advantage of the fact that we were trying to rebuild the party and came and
helped."

As a result, a new group of people moved into politics here, developed personal
relationships and were infected with the political bug. Some of the big catches
as the presidential candidates begin to assemble their staffs: six young people
who worked for the state committee, became terrific political operatives and now
are coveted potential shock troops for the 2012 primary.

Now that you have read nearly 700 words into a column on the 2012 presidential
election and not encountered the name Sarah Palin, it's time to remember that
the former Alaska governor has not been in this state since a three-hour tour
she made when she was the Republican vice-presidential candidate in 2008. She
did endorse Ms. Ayotte, despite the Ayotte campaign's efforts to keep its
distance, and of course claimed some of the credit for her victory.

New Hampshire may have some surface similarities with Alaska -- the snow on the
surface in January, for example -- but this may not be fertile territory for Ms.
Palin. Unlike the Iowa caucuses, which are a strictly partisan affair, the
primary here is open to independents, who in New Hampshire are the biggest
voting bloc, comprising about two-fifths of the rolls. With no apparent contest
in the Democratic Party, all those independents may surge into the Republican
primary, changing the texture and nature of the contest in a way that presents
great hurdles for Ms. Palin.

Ms. Palin's role in the 2012 political calculus is, of course, the biggest
variable, because implicit in it is the role of the tea party, the insurgency
that provided so much energy for the Republicans even as it sucked so much
attention from party regulars. Tea partiers have only now begun to influence the
Republican caucuses on Capitol Hill, where they have endangered earmarks and
grabbed the political momentum.

Their next target of opportunity is the presidential campaign. The question is
whether they can further change a political environment that already is altered
considerably -- and whether the race for the White House becomes a race for tea
party support in places like Iowa and New Hampshire.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: David M. Shribman is the executive editor of the Post-Gazette
(dshribman@post-gazette.com, 412 263-1890). /

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              468 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                     AFCON

                       9600 Klingerman Street PO Box 3365
                             S El Monte,  CA 91733
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (626) 444-0541
URL: www.afcon.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We specialize in the design and manufacture of fire sprinkler hanging and
bracing products, from the contractor's point of view.  Our 40 years of UL sway
brace experience exceeds that of all the other manufacturers and brands
combined. AFCON has more products in the sway brace and restraint categories
than any other brand. Our sway brace designs are available for more pipe sizes
and load ratings in both steel pipe and CPVC pipe.  AFCON has a broad array of
pipe hanger products for steel and CPVC pipe. Please note that we have many
special UL fastener listings for use with our hangers. Attention to these
features may be beneficial to your engineering and installation.  AFCON knows
that smart hanger design requires constant effort in Research and Development.
We appreciate your comments, regarding hanger situations, where our designs may
assist you.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              469 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Survey: Trump's Statements Don't Sway Voters

SECTION: CONNECTICUT; B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 383  words


Survey: Trump's Statements Don't Sway Voters

A new survey by a University of New Haven senior concluded that Donald Trump's
most controversial statements don't drastically change the opinion people have
of the Republican presidential candidate.

The online survey "shows that people's opinions of Trump are the same whether or
not they read his remarks claiming that Mexicans are rapists, or saying the U.S.
should ban entry by Muslims, or his support for a border fence, or his
references to the privates of newscaster Megyn Kelly," the university said in a
news release Tuesday.

Victoria White, of Poughkeepsie, N.Y., the student who conducted the survey as
part of a summer research program, said the results suggest "that people are
probably looking for a leader who makes strong, declarative, bold, politically
incorrect statements."

"Voters don't really care about the inflammatory content of those statements,"
she said.

The results also found respondents' opinions about the Republican Party were the
same whether they heard Trump's remarks or not.

-Russell Blair

Green Party Candidate Plans Second Stop In State

Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein is planning a second campaign
event in Connecticut Thursday - a stop in New London ahead of an evening rally
in Stamford.

Stein, 66, will deliver remarks and answer questions from voters at 11 a.m. at
the Garde Gallery on State Street followed by an open-air petition rally at the
city's Parade Plaza at 12:30 p.m.

She will be joined by Jonathan Pelto, a former Democratic state legislator and
2014 gubernatorial candidate, who is running to represent the 2nd Congressional
District.

"As the challenges and problems facing our nation grow, Jill Stein is the smart,
articulate leader who can help move us forward," Pelto said in a news release.
"People are looking for a third choice in the race for President and Dr. Jill
Stein is exactly the type of person who provides voters with the positive option
we need."

Stein's campaign will have information about collecting ballot access petition
signatures in Connecticut. Stein, who was the Green Party candidate for
president in 2012, has already secured a ballot spot in New Jersey, New York and
Massachusetts.

Stein plans to hold a rally at 6 p.m. at the Stamford Innovation Center.

-Russell Blair

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Dominion Post (Morgantown, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Preston County consideringcommunity advanced voting

BYLINE: Kathy Plum, The Dominion Post, Morgantown, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 439 words


Feb. 03--KINGWOOD -- Preston County is looking at community advance voting.

County Clerk Linda Huggins asked county commissioners to think about the action,
when they met this week. Commission President Craig Jennings expressed
trepidation that picking some communities and not others could influence the
outcome of the election.

Huggins said Bruceton Mills and Masontown have expressed interest in community
voting. It is like advance voting done in Kingwood but at a secure location
within a town and can be on different days and must be at least five consecutive
days at as many towns as the county wants.

By code, county Republican and Democratic executive committees have to approve
the plan. Huggins will approach them next.

Huggins said it's a matter of convenience for voters. The longest lines of
voters on election day are at polls in western Preston County, she said. Also,
voters in many areas of the county don't routinely come to Kingwood, where
advance voting is now .

"How do you pick your places?" Jennings said. "It almost seems like we could
start to sway the election by picking and choosing where it's easier to go vote
versus saying it's at the county seat."

He said voters in some communities are more heavily registered in one party,
"and if we make it easier to vote in those communities, I can see you could make
an argument that would sway the election."

Commissioners also asked Huggins to look into buying additional voting machines
to alleviate the wait on election day. She said only repurposed machines are
available as those used by the county since 2006 are no longer manufactured.

A decision has to be made by mid-March, Huggins said.

In other discussions:

Huggins told commissioners her office has received a $7,500 state grant to help
cover personnel costs for scanning old records so a digital copy will be
available. The county has to pay a 10 percent match -- $750.

Emre Ayaydin and Jeremy Harris of IT Mindshare showed commissioners the new
county web site, which is mobile friendly and slated to go online in
mid-February.

Commissioners endorsed the county parks and recreation board's application for a
state grant to improve the Northern Railroad rail trail.

Commissioners voted 3-0 to hire The Mills Group for $9,500 as architect for
upgrades to the circuit court jury room. The county will use a $100,000
courthouse security grant for the work.

Jason Bolyard was reappointed to the parks board for a three-year term, ending
in December 2018.

___ (c)2016 The Dominion Post (Morgantown, W.Va.) Visit The Dominion Post
(Morgantown, W.Va.) at www.dominionpost.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160203-MV-Preston-County-consideringcommunity-advanced-voting-0203-20160203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MV


                        Copyright 2016 The Dominion Post


                              471 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  Sports Argus

                           January 23, 1999, Saturday

SYDNEY BRIBES STORM;
 ATHLETICS

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1688 words


Sydney should be disqualified from holding the 2000 Olympic Games - and
Manchester reimbursed by the International Olympic Committee for its failed bid
in what has been proved to be a flawed selection process.

Those were the claims of Manchester Blackley MP Graham Stringer last night,
reacting to the latest revelations of corruption in the bidding system.

Labour MP Stringer, also a former leader of Manchester City Council, said:
"Because the IOC have presided over a corrupt process I think they should pay
the bidding cities the money that they have spent on bidding."

He added: "I think that the IOC should take a very serious look at whether the
Games can be removed from Sydney. I suspect they cannot, but they should look at
it."

Stringer's comments followed Sports Minister Tony Banks' message that the
British Government will not support any new bid by a British city to host the
Games until the bribery scandals have resulted in an overhaul of the bidding
system.

SKELETONS

As more IOC skeletons broke free from the cupboard yesterday, it became clear an
Australian official offered nearly pounds 22,000 in inducements to two African
IOC members the night before Sydney was awarded the 2000 Summer Games.

Sir Bob Scott, chairman of Manchester's unsuccessful bid to bring the Games to
England in 1996 and 2000, meanwhile, said the huge amount of money in sport at
the moment left the system open to abuse.

"It is a system where there is an awful lot of money floating around and a
precise number of votes needed," he said.

"Sport has just got so much money swilling around under the bidding regimes you
can see how it goes wrong."

The scandal gathered still more momentum when an IOC member from the Republic of
Congo denied accepting bribes from the Salt Lake City bid organisers for the
2002 Winter Games, and charged his accusers with seeking to unseat president
Juan Antonio Samara nch.

Jean-Claude Ganga also said he would not resign from the IOC and would continue
to fight for the cause of African sports.

Nothing will sway me - Villa manager

STAN COLLYMORE

By VINCE ELLIS

John Gregory has warned any other players who decide to go public with their
frustrations that it won't improve their chances of securing a first team place.

The Villa boss admitted he was "disappointed" with Stan Collymore who stated,
after the defeat of Everton, he was unhappy at being constantly left out of the
starting line-up.

The pounds 7 million striker's complaints came less than a week after Paul
Merson said he was afraid he was being cold-shouldered by the Villa boss.

But tough-talking Gregory said: "Nothing is going to sway me, nothing anyone
says will ever sway me.

"I get influenced by the way people train, by the way they play that's the only
thing that has an impact on me where the team is concerned.

"Anything that anyone else says is just water off a duck's back to me.

"I am not about to get side-tracked with anything. The rest of the squad - 98
per cent of them - just get on with what they are doing."

And Gregory urged Collymore to emulate team-mate Julian Joachim, who found
himself on the sidelines but battled his way back into the side and is now the
club's leading scorer.

"Julian is the best example," said Gregory. "He was left out, unfairly to be
honest, for two or three games.

"But he worked hard, did everything right, took his chance and is now playing
very well.

"Players who go public will not endear themselves to me."

VILLA NEWS: Pages 24-25

MACCA ON THE EDGE

FOOTBALL by PAUL WALKER

TASTY SIDESHOW: Manchester United skipper Roy Keane

Steve McManaman could be forced to settle for a place on the bench when
Liverpool face Manchester United in tomorrow's FA Cup fourth round tie at Old
Trafford.

McManaman has recovered from an Achilles injury that wrecked his comeback from a
previous injury during Liverpool's Anfield win against Newcastle in December.

Before then he had been out from the beginning of November, and had been badly
missed as his absence coincided with Liverpool's nightmare run before the turn
of the year.

But with the Merseysiders having shown real improvement over the last two
months, boss Gerard Houllier knows he can bide his time. McManaman's presence is
no longer critical to Liverpool's success.

The Reds have gone six games without defeat in his absence, and the side has
clicked comfortably into a 5-3-2 formation. Houllier is unlikely to change that
formation at Old Trafford where battling skills often count for more than the
mercurial wingplay of McManaman.

Houllier said: "Steve will be in the squad he's fully recovered from his ankle
injury.

"To be fair to him, I do not think that Steve will start the game, at this stage
he is just about recovered. It wouldn't be fair to him because he hasn't played
a full game since November 7 which is a long time ago.

"I will be just happy if he can take some part in the game at some stage."

Houllier added: "I won't tell anyone what my formation will be, Manchester
United will discover that on Sunday."

"We played with five defenders at Arsenal, and we forced a point from the game.
Maybe we will need those qualities at Old Trafford more than we will need extra
attacking options."

Liverpool will also still be without Steve Staunton in defence, which means
Steve Harkness and Dominic Matteo are likely to play.

The game, though, has a tasty sideshow in the clash between United's midfield
general Roy Keane and the man he replaced at Old Trafford, Liverpool skipper
Paul Ince.

Ince has played two competitive games back at United since his acrimonious
departure to Inter Milan in the summer of 1995.

Keane's stature and the emergence of teenager Nicky Butt was behind the decision
by Alex Ferguson to show Ince the exit door.

And Ince would dearly love to emerge victorious in Sunday's showdown. He said:
"Two months ago when we were not playing well we would have dreaded going to Old
Trafford, but not now. Now we are doing OK so we feel we have a good chance."

Ince added: "Our form over the last six or seven weeks means that we can go to
Old Trafford with confidence, and we believe we can put on a really good
performance.

"There's a lot more spirit, a lot more resilience in the side now, and that's
down to what the manager has been doing."

Ince said: "Manchester United have been a fine side for 10 years, so we know
what to expect. You can't go there and try to stop one player, or try to mark
someone especially, it's much more difficult than that because of their
strengths all over thepark .

"We can't stop one or two, they have got so many who can win games for them. I,
more than most, know that!

"They can hit you so hard on the break, home or away. Earlier this season we
were one down but we had most of the second half, but they caught us for their
second and that was the end of it. We know that can happen, but we can hit
people fast on thebrea k too, with the sort of quality we have got up front.
It's got all the ingredients of a great game."

And of that collision with Keane, Ince reckons: "People are saying that the
midfield battle is going to be important, yes they are right. But you have to
win all your personal battles, it's not just down to me. If we can do that, we
can win the game.

"I don't see it as anything extra special for me, I've been back there and
played at United before. If this was my first time back maybe it would be pretty
special, but I've done that, I know what to expect.

"People are saying it's not the tie we would have picked, but it would be if it
was the final!

"Let's face it, we know that in this tournament you have to beat the top teams
at some stage, it's not only United but Villa, Chelsea, Arsenal, all of them."

Neville in tough task

By DAVID ANDERSON

Gary Neville could be handed the onerous job of trying to shackle Michael Owen
once again in tomorrow's high noon FA Cup showdown.

The Manchester United defender is desperate to play against Liverpool after
missing the first three matches of the new year through suspension and a groin
injury.

The England international handled Owen superbly during United's 2-0 win in
September when Liverpool last visited Old Trafford.

That night United boss Alex Ferguson moved Neville across from right-back to
centre-half to combat the pace of Owen, and the ploy worked because the England
striker hardly had a kick all match.

Ferguson will make one change to his side, and Neville's performance in that
game could well help earn him a recall.

"You have to recognise previous games, and Gary comes into that line of
thinking," admitted Ferguson.

"It's a difficult job picking a side for this game because the team has been
playing so well.

"That's why I don't envisage making a lot of changes, and there will be just
one."

Nicky Butt is also pressing for a recall after being given the all-clear
following the migraine attack which caused him to miss the rout at Leicester
last Saturday.

MASSIVE

"The Liverpool match is a massive game, and obviously it's a game we all want to
play in," said Neville.

"However, I know it's going to be very difficult for me - it's difficult for
anyone nowadays to force their way back in because of the quality of the squad
at United."

Much has been made of the battle of the strikers between United's Dwight Yorke
and Andy Cole and Liverpool's Owen and Robbie Fowler.

The four forwards are red-hot, but Ferguson does not think the fourth-round tie
will necessarily be decided in attack.

"With a cup tie it can come down to one of many things," he said.

"It could even be decided by luck and it's difficult to say what will be the key
area because there are so many different parts to this game.

"It could come down to the attack, midfield or defence - who knows?"

The FA Cup is third on United's list of priorities this season behind the
Champions' League and the Premiership, but come noon tomorrow it will be their
number one target.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 1999 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              472 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             March 30, 2008 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

Waltrip to Roush: Part wasn't stolen

BYLINE: By Don Coble< Morris News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C10

LENGTH: 376 words


MARTINSVILLE, Va. -Michael Waltrip said Saturday his racing organization was
responsible for the missing suspension part at Roush Fenway Racing, calling the
incident an innocent mistake.

Waltrip said his team had a sway bar - a rod that limits how the car leans when
it's in the corners - that was made specifically for Roush, but nobody from his
three teams stole it.

"We wound up with a sway bar there somehow," Waltrip said before the final
practice session for today's Goody's Cool Orange 500 at the Martinsville
Speedway. "I promise you no one went to their tool box and swiped it. This is
not intellectual espionage."

Roush said Friday somebody on one of Waltrip's teams grabbed the part during
September's race at Dover. A vendor in North Carolina alerted Roush that Waltrip
tried to order the same part during the off-season.

Waltrip said his group returned the part. Roush said he's still considering
legal action against Waltrip.

TEMPER, TEMPER: One thing's for sure: Some drivers will be angry when they leave
the .526-mile Martinsville Speedway.

Short track racing means a lot of beating and banging, and a driver's ability to
keep his cool has a lot to do with his performance during the race.

A temper can be good for business. But NASCAR seems to be less tolerant of short
ones after the race. Jeff Burton said he wants NASCAR to loosen its control
across the board.

"We've heard talk in the past about having a cooling off period before post-race
interviews and I'm a huge (opponent) of that," Burton said. "I think that's a
terrible idea. I think that the emotions of our sport are what make this sport
work. If drivers, crew members can't show their emotions, then why watch?"

Although NASCAR has penalties for rough driving, it has been tougher on drivers
who use profanity or make threatening remarks after a race. Dale Earnhardt Jr.
was fined $10,000 and docked 100 points for using profanity while celebrating a
win at Talladega.

LOVE-HATE RELATIONSHIP: Now that Kyle Busch is first in the Sprint Cup Series
point standings, he's hearing a few more cheers during introductions. But he's
also grown accustomed to still hearing the boos.

"People either love me or hate me," he said. "So love me or hate me, I don't
care. My personality is what it is."

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: auto racing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            August 31, 1999, Tuesday

VERDICT IS IN: 'HE CAN SWAY PEOPLE'

BYLINE: Laura Italiano

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 003

LENGTH: 242 words


You've heard of the movie "Twelve Angry Men," where a single juror sways his
colleagues to vote his way on a trial?

That's nothing compared to a "sequel" being joked about by jury consultants
shocked at yesterday's decision to put the often persuasive Mayor Giuliani on a
trial jury.

How about "One Angry Rudy?"

"I guess we can expect the mayor to be a little more, shall we say, forceful"
than your typical juror, said Paul Lisnek, a Chicago-based consultant.

"We can expect him to say, 'I'm sure you good people always had it in you to do
the right thing - and here's the right thing.'"

Giuliani was picked to serve on a jury by both sets of lawyers in a negligence
case charging that the landlord of a Harlem apartment building is responsible
for his tenant scalding his genitals with hot shower water.

Told that tenant Oliver Johnson's lawyer chose Giuliani because the mayor is a
"macho man" who'd sympathize over the injury, Lisnek quipped, "I don't think
sympathy for scorched testicles is the standard by which I would've picked Rudy
Giuliani to be on this jury."

With his legal background - Giuliani is a lawyer and former federal prosecutor -
the mayor is likely to be scrupulously fair, said Manhattan-based jury
consultant Sonya Hamlin.

Still, "If you remember seeing 'Twelve Angry Men' many, many years ago, one very
powerful man can change everybody.

"He could sway people, that's absolutely true," Hamlin said.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1999 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              474 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            January 22, 2012 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Mormon church owns big chunks of Florida

BYLINE: KEVIN WIATROWSKI, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 432 words


Holdings amount to more than 450 square miles

BY KEVIN WIATROWSKI

The Tampa Tribune

Florida's Mormon population is small, but the Church of Jesus Christ of
Latter-day Saints has a large footprint in the state.

Through several corporate subsidiaries, the Mormon church is Florida's
sixth-largest private landowner, with nearly 300,000 acres spread across at
least six counties, including Hillsborough and Manatee.

Together, those holdings amount to more than 450 square miles, about a third
larger than the size of Seminole County.

The church holds land in Florida under corporate entities known as Farmland
Reserve Inc., Suburban Land Reserve Inc. and Property Reserve Inc. The land is
designated for agriculture.

The church also owns land used for worship sites, which are not taxed.

In Hillsborough County, Mormon church subsidiaries own about 5,000 acres in
Ruskin. Last year, crews planted part of that land with citrus saplings.

The bulk of the church's land belongs to a cattle ranch that straddles Oceola,
Orange and Brevard counties. The LDS church is the largest private landowner in
all three counties; it has owned the land, known as Deseret Ranches Florida, for
decades.

Church spokesman Eric Hawkins said the church runs agricultural operations as
long-term investments and as a way to provide food for the needy. The church
runs its own system of grocery stores, known as Bishop's Storehouses, with two
in the Orlando area.

According to published reports, the church owns farmland in the Central Valley
of California and is also among the largest landowners in Nebraska.

It's unclear how the church's landholdings might sway support for GOP
presidential candidate Mitt Romney, a Mormon, when he campaigns in Florida this
week.

"Certainly landholders in Florida have a disproportionate influence on
politics," said Dan A. Smith, a political science professor at the University of
Florida. "Bigger landholders have bigger sway, particularly in county
governance."

The church's footprint in Central Florida may encourage local leaders to back
Romney out of deference to their biggest property owner, Smith said.

Does that mean ranch hands and farmworkers will also back Romney?

"Certainly the employees of these corporations involved in agrobusiness know who
their employer is," Smith said. "Does that mean they're going to support that
person for office? I have a hard time believing the cattle ranchers of Osceola
County are beholden to Mitt Romney."

kwiatrowski@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7871

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              475 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 16, 2013 Saturday

PHOTO STORY: Big Band Boogie Ball gives dancers a reason to swing and sway

BYLINE: B Y Joshua Polson, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 354 words


Feb. 16--A young woman stands by her dance partner, she places his hand around
her waist and grabs hold of his other hand. She asks "Are you ready?" He nods,
and in the blink of an eye she does a somersault through the air landing by his
side again with a soft thud. This was scene outside of the Big Band Boogie Ball
at the University of Northern Colorado's Ballrooms on Feb. 8.

The young woman was Allison Caudle, an energetic 17-year-old, giving a quick
crash course in some of swing dancing's more flashy moves to her at-the-time
dance partner, Parker Raehel, 15. While not every dancer who attended the ball
shared her daring and courage, they all seemed to share in their need to dance.

The Big Band Boogie Ball has become a Greeley tradition, with 24 years of live
music and dancing. The family-friendly event drew crowds of eager dancers of all
ages and skill levels to join in the fun.

In those crowds you'd find Caudle again. She was teaching another boy some of
swing dancing's basics steps, while commenting on how good he was naturally.

"My rule is if you keeping spinning and flipping and holding hands, then you'll
look like you know what your doing," Caudle said.

Caudle and plenty of other attendees seemed to know what they were doing and
didn't mind teaching anyone willing to learn. For those who didn't have the
benefit of a seasoned swing dancer as a partner, the Big Band Boogie Ball also
offered a quick lesson at the start of the evening.

The camaraderie between the beginner and advanced dancer is part of the Big Band
Boogie Ball's appeal, according to one of the event's organizers Chip Thero.

"That's the intent of the event, beginners can come and feel comfortable, learn
and come back later and help others learn," Thero said

While the Big Band Boogie Ball has come and gone, many have satisfied their need
to dance. But should the urge ever come over you, don't be shy about showing off
your moves. As Caudle put it: "Dancing is good for the soul."

___ (c)2013 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130216-GY-PHOTO-STORY-Big-Band-Boogie-Ball-gives-dancers-a-reason-to-swing-and
-sway-0216-20130216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2013 Greeley Tribune


                              476 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        August 8, 1999 Sunday 2D EDITION

Another bid falls to earth

BYLINE: Don Knox

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. L-01

LENGTH: 647 words

Here we go again.

Another bid for another big Colorado company has been temporarily grounded.
First, it was the sports businesses of Ascent Entertainment Group. Now it's
Boston Chicken. Birds of a feather? In some ways, yes. The high bids in both
sales came in lower than some folks wanted. Legal objections were raised in
both. But ultimately, neither winning offer was killed outright.

In the latest deal, the terms of Texan Jack Baum's successful $ 140 million
cash-and-debt bid last week were poorly defined, ruled Arizona U.S. Bankruptcy
Judge Charles Case. Case also complained that Boston Chicken's lenders - who
would end up skewered under the current plan - weren't given a say in the bid
selection.

So now it's back to the future.

A rebid - maybe.

Lenders hold sway

As with the big stockholders of Ascent Entertainment - sellers of the Denver
Nuggets, the Colorado Avalanche and the Pepsi Center - big lenders in Boston
Chicken stand to hold a lot of sway over their company's fortunes.

"Hopefully, this winds up being one of the biggest auctions of all time," says
Peter Chapman, publisher of the Trenton, N.J.-based Boston Chicken Bankruptcy
News.

"If I were the bondholders, I would be out rustling up the bidders. This is
their opportunity. At $ 200 million, that's still a great deal" for a buyer.

Guess again, says Baum, the 42-year-old Texan who founded the Canyon Cafe chain
in 1989 and has branched into leveraged buyouts.

He says his group's offer of $ 105 million cash and $ 35 million in assumed
debts is a good one and not a lowball in any way, even though it will leave a $
1.3 billion financial crater where a once-high-flying chicken chain once
perched.

"I think until it closes, I'm not going to know what's going to happen," says
Baum, who lives in Dallas, where he runs Sagebrook Investment, an LBO company.
"I think what's meant to be will be. I know a lot of people have looked at it.
It's a lot to get your arms around 800 stores."

"They showed this to 57 entities," Baum says. Citing Boston Chicken's continuing
unprofitability, even in the gentle confines of Chapter 11 reorganization, he
adds, "I think everybody scratches their head and says, 'Can you turn this thing
around?' We have an interesting strategic plan. We think we're going to be
successful on a going-forward strategy."

And it's Baum's intent to go forward with Boston Chicken's current management
team, led by CEO Michael Jenkins, who will make the final decision on whether
the chain stays headquartered in Denver. (The team also figures to get 10
percent ownership of the reconstituted Boston Chicken.)

"It's fortunate for me because I believe we have an unbelievable management team
in place," Baum says. "There's not a lot of people in the country who can run an
800-store chain."

Baum isn't letting last week's judicial setback get to him - though it leaves
his bid open to being toppled by others.

"The judge basically sent us away saying, 'I'll give you seven days"' to work
out issues with the lenders. "At first I was disappointed, of course, but after
I thought about it, I thought the judge did an unbelievable job given what his
charge is."

As for the deadline, Baum says, "I'm talking to creditors today."

Share price a mystery

Clearly, one man's garbage is another man's treasure, in this case and many
others.

Still, the greatest current mystery in the Boston Chicken saga is why its shares
still bump around 30 cents a share though stockholders will get nothing in a
reorganization.

"Penny-stock traders are whupping the thing around every day," says Blake
Carter, a fixed-income analyst for Tejas Securities Inc. "I wouldn't buy it. I'd
sell them short if I could get some to borrow."

Yes, it's ugly. But after all, this is bankruptcy court.  Don Knox's column runs
Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday. His e-mail is dknox@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 09, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              June 2, 2006 Friday

Micron increases bid for Lexar to $800M

BYLINE: By Bob Mims The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 655 words


Hoping to blunt rising shareholder opposition, Micron Technology on Friday upped
the ante in its bid for flash memory maker Lexar Media Inc. from $688 million to
a stock-for-stock deal valued at around $800 million.

Boise, Idaho-based Micron, a memory chip-maker expected to more than triple its
Lehi plant work force to 1,800 by early 2007, made the offer just hours before
Lexar shareholders were to vote in Fremont, Calif. That vote has been delayed.
The deal already had been approved by Micron's board and shareholders, Lexar
directors and the Securities and Exchange Commission.

However, billionaire financier Carl Icahn, who along with other hedge fund
investors control 15 percent of Lexar's stock, continues to oppose Micron's bid.

"We are not going to vote for the deal," Icahn told Reuters late Friday. "I
still think it's too little, and we are going to continue to talk to other
shareholders about it."

Market analysts speculated that Micron's 11th-hour fattening of its offer might
sway enough Lexar fence-sitters and some foes to force the acquisition.

"My sense is that Micron may have seen potential push back from Lexar's
shareholders and just sweetened the offer a bit to make it go through," said
Hans Mosesmann of Moors & Cabot. "With [flash memory] pricing stable and likely
to improve in the second half [of this year], Micron can't afford to let this
one go."

Micron would not confirm the value of the deal, which is based on a newly
proposed exchange of one Lexar share for .5925 shares of Micron. That rate is
roughly a 5 percent improvement from the previous rate of 1-.5625. Based on
Thursday's closing price for Micron shares, the new offer would have tallied up
to $826.5 million, but Micron stock slipped Friday 2 percent, to $16.46 per
share.

The actual value of the offer will be determined whenever the deal actually
closes, and neither Micron nor Lexar was guessing Friday when that would occur.

Lexar - which endured a 3 percent drop in its stock price to $9.62 per share -
rescheduled Friday's vote to June 16 to iron out the revised terms, and to give
its shareholders time to think over the offer. It said shareholders who had
already voted could change their votes, but otherwise would not need to recast
their ballots.

The company also emphasized in its statement that Lexar's board unanimously
recommends approval of the acquisition.

Micron spokesman Dan Francisco was tight-lipped about how confident his company
is that its late move would sway those previously wary of the acquisition. He
argued that the deal remained "in the best interests of each company."

"It brings together two strong [flash memory] innovators with complementary
strengths. This merger combines Micron's technology and manufacturing leadership
. . . with Lexarís leadership in [flash] controller and system design
technology, brand recognition and retail channel strength. We look forward to
the June 16 shareholder vote."

The Lexar acquisition is widely considered to be essential to the world's No. 4
memory chip producer's long-term plans to meet rapidly growing demand for
high-capacity memory products for digital cameras, cellular "smart" phones,
mini-storage gadgets and music players. Earlier this year, Micron joined with
Intel to supply flash modules for Apple's iPod line.

It is under that partnership's IM Flash Technologies entity that the long,
all-but-dormant chipmaking plant in Utah County is now operating. From a
skeletal work force of 500 earlier this year, the Lehi plant's payroll is
expected to approach 2,000 by early next year.

Lexar, which would add 350 employees to Micron's work force of 19,000 if the
acquisition gains approval, had $852.7 million in fiscal 2005 sales, but lost
$36.2 million overall. It is a global leader in memory product sales, boasting
such accounts as Wal-Mart, BestBuy and Kodak. Micron had $4.9 billion in sales
and net income of $188 million for fiscal 2005.

bmims@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            employeebenefitnews.com

                                 November 2016

Don't let election volatility sway clients' 401(k) investments: Retirement Scan

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

SECTION: Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 483  words


Don't let election volatility sway clients' 401(k) investmentsThe expected
volatility following the U.S. presidential election should not prompt investors
to make any changes to their retirement savings plans, according to this article
on CNBC. Instead, investors should take market volatility as an opportunity to
engage in year-end tax planning that includes strategies such as tax loss
harvesting. "It's always a good time to prune your portfolio," says a certified
financial planner.

Inherited IRAs come with RMD strings attachedNon-spouse beneficiaries of an IRA
are required to take distributions in the year after the account owner dies,
according to this article on USA Today. They face a 50% penalty of the
distribution amount for each year they fail to withdraw the funds, but may get a
50% waiver from the Internal Revenue Service "for good cause," says an IRA
analyst. Distributions from inherited IRAs are taxable, so these beneficiaries
can expect an increase in their tax bill.

Are there special tax breaks for retirees?Clients can expect special tax breaks
when they hit retirement age, according to this article on Motley Fool. They are
entitled to a higher standard deduction, higher medical tax deductions, as well
as a special credit if they belong to the low income group or have permanent
disability. Roth investors also can make tax-free distributions, while those on
Social Security can expect state tax exemptions depending on the states where
they live.

Before packing your bags to retire abroadRetiring to a foreign country with
lower cost of living is an attractive option for clients who have limited
retirement sources, according to this article on CBS Moneywatch. Those who
consider this option should ensure that their health care needs will be covered,
as Medicare does not include medical expenses incurred abroad. Before moving
overseas, pre-retirees should also make sure that they have access to their
retirement benefits, they factor in all possible needs, including unexpected
return trips for family emergencies, and they have a plan for the entire
duration of their retirement.

Ask Larry: Should we both file and suspend to get more Social Security?A client
and his wife who reached their full retirement age cannot file for and suspend
their Social Security retirement benefits, and apply for spousal benefits from
each other's record simultaneously, according to this article on Forbes. The
file and suspend deadline under the old rules was April 29, 2016, which means
that they could collect a spousal benefit only if they are receiving their own
retirement benefit. If one spouse has a FRA benefit that is less than 50% of the
other spouse's FRA benefit, the recommended strategy is for the lower-earning
spouse to file for the retirement benefit, to allow the other spouse to file for
a spousal benefit and delay his or her own benefit until the age of 70.

URL: http://www.benefitnews.com/news/dont-let-election-volatility-sway
-clients-401-k-investments-retirement-scan

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             January 8, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Alito backers, foes seek sway on Salazar's vote HEARINGS TO BEGIN Both sides are
targeting senators who have yet to say how they'll vote on the Supreme Court
nominee.

BYLINE: Anne C. Mulkern Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-08

LENGTH: 902 words


Washington - As hearings begin Monday to scrutinize whether the Senate should
confirm U.S. Supreme Court nominee Samuel Alito, U.S. Sen. Ken Salazar of
Colorado faces his own grilling from those trying to sway his vote on the judge.

Focus on the Family Action, the political arm of the Colorado Springs
social-conservative group, is launching a week of 250 radio ads in Colorado
targeting Salazar.

The spots link the Democrat to anti-Alito statements made by Sen. Edward
Kennedy, D-Mass., and urge listeners to call Salazar and "tell him you want him
to stop this Kennedy nonsense." Similar radio ads will target senators in
Arkansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, Wisconsin and West Virginia.

Thursday, Salazar's Denver office received 24,000 petition signatures from
Alliance for Justice, a liberal group, urging a "no" vote on Alito.

It's part of a nationwide effort by groups on both sides to use petitions, ads,
news conferences and rallies to put pressure on senators who would vote on Alito
- particularly undecided senators such as Salazar - if the Senate Judiciary
Committee forwards the nomination to the full Senate after hearings this week.

Civil rights, voting rights

Salazar has not announced how he will vote. Sen. Wayne Allard, R-Colo., has
already said he will vote to confirm Alito.

Salazar will "make a thoughtful and informed decision based on the Judiciary
Committee hearings, not on biased ads from lobbying groups," Salazar spokesman
Cody Wertz said.

In the past month, Salazar received nearly 300 calls, e-mails and letters on
Alito, tilting slightly toward people opposing his confirmation, Wertz said. He
said that's a relatively small number in comparison with other contentious
matters.

Issues Salazar most wants addressed during the hearings are Alito's positions on
civil rights and what Salazar called a commitment to diversity and an "inclusive
America."

He's also interested in a 1985 memo in which Alito said that the Supreme Court
under former Chief Justice Earl Warren had gone too far in extending rights to
criminal defendants, on issues dealing with separation of church and state, and
on voting rights.

"I don't want Judge Alito to turn the clocks back," Salazar said last week.

The hearings begin Monday with opening statements by senators that will set out
the issues each lawmaker plans to address. Alito is expected to testify Tuesday
and Wednesday and possibly into Thursday.

For the first time, sitting judges will testify, defending Alito. Those judges
are from the 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals, where Alito serves.

Debate by the full Senate is scheduled to start Jan. 18, with a vote slated for
Jan. 20.

Persuasiveness is key

With 55 Republicans in the Senate, and 51 votes needed for confirmation,
President Bush's latest pick for the high court would seem already to have the
votes needed for approval. What Alito says during the hearing will determine if
he keeps all those votes, senators said.

"All these nominees basically win it or lose it themselves," said Kennedy.
"You'll hear (senators) ask extensively about his positions. He's going to have
to be able to explain them in a very persuasive way."

If Democrats tried to block a vote on Alito with a filibuster, Republicans would
need 60 votes to overcome the maneuver, which means five Democrats would have to
join in.

A filibuster could be difficult to accomplish without the "Gang of 14," the
seven Republicans and seven Democrats who united to preserve the Senate's right
to filibuster judicial nominees after Majority Leader Bill Frist of Tennessee
threatened to eliminate the tactic last year. The Gang of 14, which includes
Salazar, agreed that filibusters would be allowed only under "extraordinary
circumstances."

Salazar said last week that no one wants to commit to a filibuster until after
the hearings. It's possible there may be enough Republicans unwilling to support
Alito that the filibuster issue would become moot, Salazar said, noting that
Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania - chairman of the Judiciary Committee - has
said he is waiting until after the hearings to decide on his vote.

"I would think that if someone like Sen. Specter were to decide to come out
against Judge Alito, that it would signal that probably the votes would be there
to be able to defeat him," Salazar said.

Specter spokesman Blain Rethmeier said that the senator never gives his opinion
on a nominee until after hearings.

Views on executive limits

With 15 years on the appellate bench, Alito comes to the hearings with plenty of
case decisions that Democrats plan to use as weapons and Republicans plan to use
to heap praise. But his writings while working in the U.S. Justice Department
and that 1985 memo applying for a job are what could prove most controversial.

"Alito in his writing has been a very aggressive proponent of expanded power of
the executive branch, at the expense of Congress," said Norman Ornstein,
political analyst with the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative think
tank. "We're going to see a very sharp focus that's going to include several
Republicans ... on his views of presidential power and also on the limits of
eavesdropping."

While in the Justice Department in the 1980s, Alito wrote in a memo that the
attorney general should have immunity from lawsuits stemming from the
wiretapping of Americans without a court order.

Staff writer Anne C. Mulkern can be reached at 202-662-8907 or
amulkern@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 18, 2014 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Taste of Postseason Doesn't Sway Pirates From Their Careful Path

BYLINE: By TYLER KEPNER

SECTION: Section SP; Column 0; Sports Desk; EXTRA BASES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1096 words


Never has competitive balance come into sharper focus than it did early last
October, when Yankee Stadium was dark and PNC Park in Pittsburgh crackled with
postseason excitement. The teams, who play a doubleheader in the Bronx on
Sunday, had been on opposite tracks for two decades. Now, Pittsburgh is not much
different than New York.

''We've shifted our fans' mind-set from hoping to be .500 to expecting to be in
the playoffs,'' said Neal Huntington, the Pirates' general manager. ''And that's
fantastic, it means we've done some good things, but it also means we've got to
continue to do those good things to stay competitive and to stay in a position
to get into the postseason.

''Right now, we've got to do some things to climb back into that discussion, and
we probably need to start doing them pretty soon.''

The Pirates, who won the National League wild-card game last fall before losing
a five-game division series to St. Louis, entered the weekend with a 17-23
record. Only two N.L. teams, the moribund Chicago Cubs and Arizona Diamondbacks,
were worse.

It followed a winter of relative inactivity for the Pirates, who lost starter A.
J. Burnett and their August lineup additions, Marlon Byrd and Justin Morneau, to
free agency. Their primary additions have been relatively underwhelming: starter
Edinson Volquez and, in a trade with the Mets last month, first baseman Ike
Davis.

Even so, the Pirates have been basically the same as last year in their run
production and in the effectiveness of their bullpen. But a rotation that ranked
sixth in the majors in earned run average last season, at 3.50, ranked 26th
heading into the weekend, at 4.39. The starters' record was an unsightly 4-17.

''We've given up a lot more home runs as a pitching staff, to date, than we did
a year ago,'' Huntington said. ''Some of that is not making great pitches; some
of that, according to the metrics guys, will normalize. But we've got to put
ourselves in position to make better pitches -- to pitch ahead in the count, to
get early-count contact and then to bury guys when we have a chance to put them
away.''

The Pirates allowed a major-league-low 101 home runs last season. Through 40
games this season, they had already surrendered 40. Burnett gave up just 11 in
30 starts last year, but now he pitches for Philadelphia, having signed a
two-year, $22.5 million deal in free agency. The Pirates did not make a
qualifying offer and thus received no compensatory draft pick, but Huntington
said he had no regrets.

''We would still do that again today,'' he said.

Burnett pitched well for the Pirates but was skipped in the decisive playoff
game for the rookie Gerrit Cole, who lost to the Cardinals' Adam Wainwright.
Cole, 23, is 3-3 with a 3.76 E.R.A. and will face the Yankees on Sunday.

The Yankees drafted Cole, who grew up rooting for them in California, in the
first round of the 2008 draft. Cole refused to consider an offer from the
Yankees, enrolled at U.C.L.A. and went first over all in 2011.

''It's amazing to think he still has less than a year of major league
exposure,'' said Huntington, who praised Cole for his competitiveness. ''He has
all the potential in the world to be a great pitcher.''

Potential is still important for the Pirates, who did not suddenly change their
operating strategy just because they ended their notorious 20-year streak of
losing seasons. Their payroll was about $72 million on opening day -- the most
in their history, but only some $5 million more than in 2013. And they still
take a careful approach with their top prospects.

Cole did not make his debut until mid-June last season, like Wil Myers of the
Tampa Bay Rays. Low-payroll teams like the Pirates and the Rays sometimes wait
until June to promote their best prospects, which delays their eligibility for
salary arbitration.

Outfielder Gregory Polanco, who started this season ranked No. 10 overall on
Baseball America's top prospect list, entered the weekend hitting .370, with a
1.040 on-base plus slugging percentage, for Class AAA Indianapolis.

Huntington said Polanco, a left-handed hitter who is 22, made quicker progress
than the Pirates had expected. He acknowledged that some fans were frustrated he
was still in the minors.

''We're a process-driven organization,'' Huntington said, ''and while he's doing
some things very well to get the results he's getting, work remains to refine
him as a player. We're going to let history be a little bit of our guide, and
history dictates that those who have the smoothest transition are those who have
had significant minor league experience. Now, there are exceptions, but in our
minds, given our own history, our belief is that our patience will be rewarded
by having a player who's more able to help us in a bigger way -- quicker -- if
we're able to keep the big picture in mind.''

As important as that big picture is, the snapshot of last Oct. 1, when the
Pirates advanced in the playoffs in the most captivating moment of the baseball
season, is indelible. Huntington said it continually drives him, even as his
team struggles to earn its way back.

''We show up every day hoping to repeat that special environment,'' he said. ''I
don't know if we ever will, but we want to come as close to it as we can.''

A Power Gap

When the Colorado Rockies visited the Kansas City Royals last week, it matched
the team with the most home runs against the team with the fewest. The quick
visit did not reveal much -- the Royals won both games, hitting two home runs to
the Rockies' one -- but the teams entered the weekend separated by a staggering
40 homers for the season. The Rockies had 58 and the Royals just 18.

Lack of power is nothing new for the Royals, who play at spacious Kauffman
Stadium. Last year's team ranked last in the American League in home runs, with
112, and the Royals' single-season franchise record has been frozen at 36 since
1985, when Steve Balboni hit that many to help the team to its only World Series
title.

Since that year, there have been 271 instances of a player hitting at least 37
homers in a season. The list includes luminaries like Barry Bonds, Ken Griffey
Jr. and Albert Pujols, and one-year wonders like Rich Aurilia, Jay Bell and Matt
Stairs. But it does not include any Royals.

The Royals, at least, are not alone in their futility. The Minnesota Twins have
not had a player exceed the Balboni Line in that time, either. The last Twins
player with at least 37 homers in a season was Harmon Killebrew, a Hall of
Famer. Killebrew also played for the Royals, in 1975 -- but, alas, he hit only
14 home runs and retired.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/05/18/sports/baseball/taste-of-postseason-doesnt-
sway-pirates-from-their-careful-path.html

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Pirates center fielder Andrew McCutchen after a Cardinals home
run May 9. Pittsburgh entered the weekend 17-23. (PHOTOGRAPH BY KEITH
SRAKOCIC/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              481 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           February 16, 2010 Tuesday

'No Place Like Home';

BYLINE: COLLEEN KENNEY

SECTION: THE (402); Pg. C1

LENGTH: 548 words


This is your boy, King Loc.

He's a gangsta rapper who represents Lincoln, the hood he loves; a wordsmith who
studies the dictionary; a '98 Lincoln Northeast High School alum whose other
name is Justin Webster.

This is an apartment he rents on the second floor of a gray house just off North
27th Street. It's his studio space, a place where he can think and write. He
sits in front of his computer in the bedroom, trying to put into words his
passion for lyrics and songs.

"I've been doing this for so long that it's just a part of me, part of my life,"
says King Loc, who makes his living DJing around town, renting space in his
studio and coaching other aspiring rappers."It's all I do. All day, all night."

A mattress covers half of the floor. Through the open door to the living room, a
"Scarface" poster hangs on the wall. ("Scarface," he says, represents to rappers
the American dream, the rags to riches.)

Al Pacino seems to eavesdrop on him and on his friends, who sit on the couch and
chair and lean against a wall and who, now and then, walk through the doorway to
make a crack about Webster.

He once wrote a song that all the women liked, but all the men hated. His
friends told him to kill it, so he did.

He laughs.

"Yeah, they tell me if it sucks. They tell me if I go too far. Sometimes you can
go too far on subjects, on things you shouldn't be talking about."

Everybody wants to be creative, he says. Everybody wants to come up with a new
sound. But every rapper can't do a club song or a love song. Sometimes you do
stuff you regret, and it's out there, and you just have to deal with that. He
did stuff when he was younger he regrets, been arrested a few times. He says
he's learned his lessons.

An artist has to be true to what he knows he's about and not try to be someone
else. He's about Omaha and Lincoln, the towns where he grew up. He is a
Nebraskan. A "hustling Husker," as he says in one song.

But he's about to make a move to a bigger place, to take his career to the next
level. He's thinking of California or maybe Atlanta. He's got to do everything
he can to get his music and his career to where he needs it to be.

In the kitchen, a photo of one of his three kids hangs on the fridge door.

I'm a Keg rat, run tell that ...

This is your boy, King Loc, playing his last gig for a while at the Keg, a bar
on 20th and O.

He's stirring up the energy he seeks to see in the crowd. Men sway. Women sway
and take photos with their phones. Lights flash, and Webster pounds and kicks
the air and spits into his mic.

Throwin tres cuz I'm hood, where the "O" at ...

Those are lyrics from "No Place Like Home."

"That's my favorite song, period. It's about how no matter where I go, no matter
how many places I visit, if I get my thing right and I can do this music the way
I want to do it, and tour and go wherever I want to go, there's still going to
be no place like home. I still got everything I need here. All my family is
here, my kids are here. Everything I need is still going to be here.

"Home is home, and that's where I feel safe. That is what it is."

Prodigy from my hood where the flow at ...

He thinks he'll be gone by March. He thinks, someday soon, he's going to get a
large picture of Scarface tattooed on his back.

Reach Colleen Kenney at 473-2655 or ckenney@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 16, 2012 Friday

Plant a tree on Arbor Day

BYLINE: Dawn Kurry, Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 636 words


March 16--"My feet tug at the floor and my head sways to my shoulder sometimes
when I watch trees sway, from the window or the door," wrote Robert Frost in his
poem "The Sound of the Trees," in which he wonders about the trees and describes
how they affect us by living beside us. We can hear the wind move through them,
and see how they change.

NC Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler is encouraging North Carolinians to
plant a tree today, Arbor Day in North Carolina.

"Trees bring more than scenic beauty," Troxler said. "Large deciduous trees
provide shade and cool houses in the summer, reducing the need for air
conditioning. Evergreen trees can help save on heating bills by blocking the
wind in the winter. Trees are also excellent filters for pollution that finds
its way into our lakes, rivers, wetlands, coastal waters and underground sources
of drinking water."

Residents interested in planting trees should consider species native to the
state because they typically require less maintenance and are better suited to
the local soils and climate, said State Forester Wib Owen.

"As with anything you plant, be sure you are putting your trees in an
appropriate and safe location," Owen said. "We encourage you to follow 'right
tree, right place,' meaning that before you plant a tree, know what it looks
like at maturity and its site requirements."

Consider the height, crown spread, proximity to electrical wires and buildings,
and the available planting space above and below ground, which is crucial to the
tree's long-term survival, Owen said.

The official North Carolina Arbor Day is celebrated on the first Friday after
March 15. National Arbor Day is on the last Friday in April. Different
communities in the state may celebrate their local Arbor Day at different times.

Sheila Sellers of the Hamlet Tree and Beautification Group said she hopes people
will appreciate the value of trees.

"I don't think people realize how important trees are to our environment," said
Sellers. "We need trees to live on this earth."

Sellers is proud of her community, and neighboring communities, for their
initiative.

"Rockingham is doing an excellent job on tree planting," she said. "I was very
encouraged to see that (they are planting trees on Franklin Street). I wish
other cities would be so proactive. I've planted a lot of trees. I had the most
beautiful magnolias that I planted when I first moved to the location I'm at.
I've been there for 40 years and you start to run out of places to plant trees."

Sellers said the magnolias came from her grandmother's magnolia trees. She said
her grandmother was very close to nature.

"I remember my grandmother, when she was young, she planted a field of
daffodils, it was like a blanket of yellow," she recalled. "I remember coming
home on the bus from school and I could see the yellow blanket from way down the
road. There was an apple tree in the middle of the field of daffodils. That was
in Robeson County. The daffodils are no longer there."

For information related to native tree nurseries in North Carolina or to order
seedlings through the N.C. Forest Service, log on to http://ncforestservice.gov.
Seedlings can also be ordered by phone at 888-NCTREES, at any Forest Service
facility, or by mail using one of the agency's free catalogs.

To find out more about the benefits of trees on your property, visit The
International Society of Arboriculture's website at www.treesaregood.com or
contact Nancy Stairs, Urban Forestry Program coordinator, at 919-857-4842.

-- Staff Writer Dawn M. Kurry can be reached at 910-997-3111, ext. 15, or by
email at dkurry@heartlandpublications.com

___ (c)2012 the Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) Visit the
Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) at www.yourdailyjournal.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120316-RU-Plant-a-tree-on-Arbor-Day-0316-20120316

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


                                 Copyright 2012


                              483 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 13, 2001 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Better Ways to Serve

SECTION: Section A; Column 4; Editorial Desk; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 74 words


To the Editor:

In "A Family Is Left 'Sad and Happy' by a Violent Death" (news article, Dec. 7),
Daoud Abu Sway, a 46-year-old Palestinian suicide bomber, is praised by his
family for giving his life for God and country. Perhaps if Palestinians like Mr.
Abu Sway served their God and country in ways more constructive than committing
suicide while attempting murder, a Palestinian state would already exist.

DAN EDIDIN
Columbia, Mo., Dec. 8, 2001

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              484 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            April 13, 1994 Wednesday

BYLINE: Scooter Pursley

LENGTH: 552 words


Most North Dakotans prefer Bismarck-Mandan as the state Class B Basketball
Tournament's host community, an informal survey indicates. Nearly half of the
fans who responded to the Bismarck-Mandan Convention & Visitors Bureau survey
said they decide to attend based on where the tournament is held. And 83 percent
of the 544 fans who responded from 134 different towns said they prefer
Bismarck-Mandan as the host community. ""We realize we surveyed the people when
they were in Bismarck so it maybe skewered the results a little bit in our
favor, but we were still surprised,'' Sara Otte Coleman of the CVB said Tuesday.

The results were especially surprising, she said, with five of the tournament's
eight teams from areas closer to Minot, Fargo and Grand Forks, which were listed
as the most preferred host cities by 12 percent, 4 percent and 1 percent of the
people answering, respectively. ""They still said they would rather go to
Bismarck,'' Coleman said. The CVB placed surveys in each of Bismarck-Mandan's
2,243 hotel and motel rooms last month during the tournament, asking basketball
fans how much they spend, how often they attend the tournament, how far in
advance they make room reservations and how long they stay in town.There were a
number of reasons for surveying the basketball fans, Coleman said. ""First, we
wanted to get a feel for what fans think.'' With 56 percent of the respondents
saying they spent more than $300 during their visit to Bismarck-Mandan and 74
percent staying for three days, the survey also helped the CVB determine the
tournament's economic impact, Coleman said. ""But we don't want to talk just
about money,'' she said. ""That's not the only reason we did it.'' The CVB plans
to use the survey in its bid to the North Dakota High School Activities
Association to host the tournament in 1996. ""We're going to take these results
and let them know what people said,'' Otte Coleman said. Bob King, executive
secretary of the state association in Valley City, said the results are
interesting. They might not sway future decisions about tournament sites,
however. ""Probably because of the fact the survey was presented to these people
in Bismarck when they were at the tournament could have been a factor to sway
it,'' King said. ""I really don't think it means much as far as I'm concerned.''
The tournament sells out every year regardless of the location, he said.
""Geographically Bismarck and Minot are probably the best locations because they
are more centrally located,'' King said. ""Travel is a problem.'' But if
location was the only consideration, he said, Hurdsfield might be the best
tournament host if the small Wells County town had a big enough gymnasium. Even
though just 24 percent of the CVB surveys were completed, Coleman said
Bismarck-Mandan officials have a better idea of ways the community can
improve.It would better to know how money is actually spent by the 56 percent
who spend at least $300, she said. Convention officials have previously
estimated tournament fans pour about $1.3 million into a community during the
week. The impact may be even greater, however, because past estimates were made
by speculating that Class B fans spend at least $100 per hotel room per day, the
amount typically used to figure how much convention delegates spend.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1994 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Walmart Accused of Using Charity to Sway Expansion Targets

BYLINE: By RACHEL ABRAMS; Hiroko Tabuchi contributed reporting.

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 745 words


A group of community and labor organizations is accusing Walmart of
inappropriately using the nonprofit Walmart Foundation to help reduce local
opposition to its expansion efforts in some urban areas like Washington, Boston,
Los Angeles and New York.

The group argued in a complaint with the Internal Revenue Service dated Monday
that the Walmart Foundation violated terms of its tax-exempt status by targeting
millions of dollars in donations that would directly benefit the retailer.

The Walmart Foundation's contributions in some cities rose steadily as Walmart
tried to curry local support and gain access in those markets, according to the
complaint. The foundation donated just over $200,000 to organizations in Los
Angeles in 2008 and 2009, the complaint said, but raised that amount to $1.4
million in 2011, just as plans to open a store were getting underway. In 2013,
the year that store opened, donations dropped to about $230,000.

''I think if this is truly charitable donations, they would be giving this every
year,'' said Matt Ryan, the executive director of the nonprofit advocacy group
Alliance for a Greater New York, which signed the complaint. ''I would
characterize it as part of a smoke-and-mirrors campaign that Walmart would run
when they're trying to move into a city.''

Nonprofit foundations are prohibited from extracting services on behalf of a
company, or diverting funds away from the public to private interests. But they
offer corporations undeniable benefits, including good publicity and lucrative
tax advantages. And while a pattern of spikes in donations may raise eyebrows,
some nonprofit experts say, it may not be enough to prove that the Walmart
Foundation ran afoul of I.R.S. rules.

Last year, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation donated $1.4 billion around the
world, according to the foundation's website.

In a statement, a spokesman for Walmart, Kevin Gardner, said that the Walmart
Foundation took tax code and regulations ''very seriously'' and that the
allegations had no merit.

''The Walmart Foundation focuses giving in critical areas such as hunger,
veterans and disaster relief,'' Mr. Gardner said in an email. ''We provide
support for these and other important causes in communities across the U.S. and
around the world, not just to particular areas or cities, and it's unfortunate
to see criticism of the foundation's charitable giving.''

Paul C. Light, a professor of public service at New York University, said: ''The
optics here are pretty bad. The optics tell us what they're doing, but is that
enough to jerk the foundation's charter?''

More troubling, Mr. Light said, is the accusation that the foundation explicitly
excluded grantees that painted Walmart in a bad light.

''It comes very close to a directive, and the I.R.S. could say, 'Look, this is
not a grant, this is a contract,' '' Mr. Light said.

The group's complaint was first reported by The Washington Post.

Walmart's vast footprint has made the retailer a dominant force in small towns
and cities across the country. But the company's sales have been sluggish and it
has looked at big cities as a way to increase its customer base and sales.
Community advocates say that this expansion comes at the expense of local
businesses, and hurts low-wage workers by pushing down pay.

In 2010, Walmart's investor meeting ended with the song ''New York, New York,''
and the Walmart Foundation's contribution to New York-based organizations rose
to $1.4 million from $90,000 the year before, according to the complaint. The
next year, donations rose to $6.5 million as concerns for small businesses and
workers' rights prompted community groups to fight the company's efforts to open
a store in East New York.

''I think what we say is that they bought people's support,'' said Jonathan
Westin, the executive director of New York Communities for Change, an advocacy
group. Mr. Westin said that recipients of foundation grants sent activists to
community board and other public meetings to advocate for the company.

''It is direct lobbying, what they were doing, advocating on behalf of Walmart's
business interests,'' he said.

Advocates eventually won when Walmart abandoned the project in 2012. That year,
donations fell to about $1 million, according to Monday's complaint. But in
2013, they rose to more than $3.3 million.

''If at any point they decide they want to buy their way into New York City,
this is hugely relevant,'' Mr. Westin said.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/16/business/walmart-accused-of-using-charity-to-
sway-expansion-targets.html

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: A Walmart in Los Angeles. A group says that charitable giving
from the retailing behemoth's foundation follows a telling pattern. (PHOTOGRAPH
BY KEVORK DJANSEZIAN/REUTERS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              486 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Pressure won't sway Harbaugh

BYLINE: From wire reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 451 words

DATELINE: SANTA CLARA, Calif. NEW YORK



HIGHLIGHT: wire rndps


 - San Francisco 49ers coach Jim Harbaugh insisted Monday that public pressure
will not sway his decision to play Ray McDonald during an investigation into the
defensive lineman's arrest on suspicion of domestic violence.

Harbaugh said there could be a resolution in the case this week for McDonald,
arrested at his home Aug. 31 while celebrating his 30th birthday with teammates
and friends.

McDonald has played and started both games so far for San Francisco (1-1), which
lost 28-20 to the Chicago Bears on Sunday night.

California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom called for McDonald's benching before the game.
This after San Francisco suspended veteran play-by-play man Ted Robinson last
week for two games after he made comments on the radio about the Ray Rice case
that were deemed inappropriate.

Well, you've seen there's a lot of public speculation, and people weighing in
with their opinion, whether it's a public figure or people through social media,
Harbaugh said. Our response would be, we have two principles at play here, and
one is respect for due process, and we're not going to flinch based on public
speculation.

NFL hires 3 domestic violence experts

-The NFL said three experts in domestic violence will serve as senior advisers
to the league.

Commissioner Roger Goodell sent a memo to teams Monday announcing that Lisa
Friel, Jane Randel and Rita Smith will help lead and shape the NFL's policies
and programs relating to domestic violence and sexual assault.

Friel was the head of the Sex Crimes Prosecution Unit in the New York County
District Attorney's Office for more than a decade.

Randel is the co-founder of No More, a campaign against domestic violence and
sexual assault. Smith is the former executive director of the National Coalition
Against Domestic Violence.

BEARS: Chicago lost cornerback Charles Tillman for the rest of the season after
he tore  his right triceps. Tillman was placed on injured reserve Monday.

DOLPHINS: Miami signed veteran running back Daniel Thomas.

GIANTS: Cornerback Walter Thurmond will miss the remainder of the season with a
torn pectoral muscle.

JETS: Offensive coordinator Marty Mornhinweg expressed regret and accepted blame
for a fourth-quarter timeout being called, negating what should have been the
game-tying touchdown against the Green Bay Packers on Sunday.

RAIDERS: Oakland reportedly has reached an agreement to sign free-agent wide
receiver Vincent Brown.

REDSKINS: An MRI exam on Monday revealed that quarterback Robert Griffin III
doesn't have any broken bones to go along with his dislocated left ankle, which
means he doesn't need season-ending surgery.

SAINTS: Running back Mark Ingram is expected to miss at least one month with a
broken hand.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 19, 2013 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Tribes kept from voting, lawsuit claims

BYLINE: John S. Adams, USA TODAY,

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 471 words


Native Americans who live on reservations will have their case heard this month
in a federal lawsuit over whether election officials restricted their ability to
vote in the 2012 presidential election.

In February, the 9th U.S. District Court of Appeals refused the defendants'
request to dismiss the case.

The plaintiffs from the Crow, Northern Cheyenne and Fort Belknap reservations
say Montana Secretary of State Linda McCulloch  and county election officials
violated the Voting Rights Act by refusing to set up satellite voting offices on
remote, poverty-stricken Indian reservations before the presidential election in
November.

The U.S. Department of Justice's Civil Rights Division, the American Civil
Liberties Union of Montana and the national ACLU Voting Rights Project back the
claim that the tribal members on those reservations are at a voting disadvantage
compared with white voters.

The plaintiffs say the only option to register to vote after the regular close
of registration is at county courthouses in  population centers that are
sometimes up to 100 miles from where  tribal members live.

"The purpose of the lawsuit has been to provide Native Americans the same equal
access to voting that other people in this country enjoy," said Tom Rodgers, an
Indian activist who has urged the state to open satellite voting locations since
May.

McCulloch's office declined to comment, citing the pending litigation.
McCulloch's attorney argued in court that the secretary of State lacks statutory
authority to open or run satellite election offices.

"The decision on whether or not to establish satellite offices does not belong
to the secretary of State but to the county with the approval of the county
commissioners," the state argued in court briefs.

Sara Frankenstein, the Rapid City, S.D.-based attorney representing the counties
in the case, said Montana voting rules don't accommodate duplicate
late-registration and early-voting locations in the same county.

If the plaintiffs succeed in their lawsuit, tribal members  could gain easier
access to late registration and early voting, which  could  sway the outcomes of
close elections.

"What wins elections is money, ideas and votes. Native Americans don't have much
money, but we have ideas, and we have votes," said Rodgers, a member of
Montana's Blackfeet Tribe and a lobbyist on Capitol Hill. Rodgers points to slim
Democratic victories in  Montana, North Dakota and Arizona as evidence of
strong Indian turnout that helped sway elections.

Chris Stearns,  a Navajo lawyer who worked on the presidential campaigns of Vice
President Al Gore in 2000 and  Sen. John Kerry in 2004, agrees. "New Mexico used
to be a swing state. Now it's no longer a swing state, and that is due in part
to Indian voters," he said.

John Adams also reports for the Great Falls (Mont.) Tribune

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Audrey S. Hall

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              July 9, 2010 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

True independents are newcomers to politics

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 544 words


USA TODAY misses the point when writing of the candidacies of so-called
independents  such as gubernatorial candidate Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island and
Senate candidate Charlie Crist of Florida ("A rebellion in the middle:
Independents gain favor," Cover story, News, Tuesday).

Yes, technically Chafee, Crist and other candidates are running as independents.
But a far deeper truth is that  politicians who are part and parcel of the
political establishment  have turned America off.

Election Day results likely will verify that the support for these recycled
independents is quite shallow. Whatever enthusiasm they generate from the public
at large pales in comparison with that generated by true independents  who are
relative newcomers to politics. Chafee can't compare with Republican Senate
candidates Rand Paul in Kentucky  or Sharron Angle in Nevada.

Peter Skurkiss

Stow, Ohio

Limit sway of big money

This Congress is attempting to thwart the  Supreme Court's recent decision
handing corporations and unions the dubious right to donate unlimited funds for
campaign ads. Rep. Chris Van Hollen, who introduced this legislation, puts an
outrageous political spin on the purported merits of the bill (" 'Unprecedented
disclosure,' " Opposing view, Money in politics debate, Tuesday).

Van Hollen must believe we all fell off the turnip truck if he thinks he can
defend this diluted  measure that reeks with exemptions for special interests.
Once again, we see the disastrous effects of the sway held by lobbyists with big
money that reduces our lawmakers to lap dogs.

When is this country going to realize that only when we  federally fund
campaigns will our elected representatives be cut loose from the stranglehold of
special interests and resume passing laws that benefit the well-being of the
people?

Patricia Green

Columbia, Mo.

First Amendment issues

The Disclose Act contains special deals for politically powerful interest groups
and favors unions over businesses ("Exceptions for big groups undermine
disclosure effort," Our view).  These provisions make a mockery of the notion
that the Disclose Act is intended as a "good government" measure.

There is a significant concern that forcing private associations of citizens to
open their membership and donor lists infringes on the First Amendment. The
Supreme Court recognized in 1958 that forcing the NAACP to reveal  its member
and donor lists to the state of Alabama would have a chilling effect on
political speech.

Your editorial rhetorically asks, "Who could figure out" the people and entities
behind groups  such as Citizens for Better Medicare, Center for Consumer
Freedom, or Emily's List? Well, USA TODAY obviously figured it out because  the
piece names the backers. A quick review of their websites also provides
sufficient information for anyone who cares to know what these groups' interests
and potential biases are.

The Disclose Act has been put together with one goal in mind: to hinder, harass
and halt groups attempting to exercise their First Amendment rights in this
November's elections, with the hope of silencing more Republican-friendly
entities than Democratic-friendly entities. It is an assault on free  political
speech.

Sean Parnell, president

Center for Competitive Politics

Alexandria, Va.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Victoria Arocho for USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 12, 2003 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Shootings Upset Sniper Suspect, Jury Is Told

BYLINE:  By JAMES DAO

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 755 words

DATELINE: CHESAPEAKE, Va., Dec. 11


After shooting one young woman in the face at point-blank range last year in
Tacoma, Wash., Lee Malvo was so upset that he defecated in his pants, a
psychiatrist told the jury this week at Mr. Malvo's trial on charges related to
the sniper attacks around Washington, D.C.

The psychiatrist, Diane Schetky, also testified that after John A. Muhammad, who
has been convicted of masterminding the shootings, told Mr. Malvo of a plan to
kill people using a high-powered rifle, Mr. Malvo became so despondent that he
tried to shoot himself in August 2002.

And after Mr. Muhammad wounded -- but failed to kill -- a 13-year-old boy
outside a middle school in Bowie, Md., in October 2002, Mr. Malvo felt a wave of
relief, Dr. Schetky said.

Those anecdotes, which Dr. Schetky said Mr. Malvo told her in interviews she
conducted with him this year, have been introduced by Mr. Malvo's lawyers as
evidence that he was under the sway of Mr. Muhammad. The sniper attacks last
fall left 10 people dead in the Washington area.

But the anecdotes are also emerging as potential weapons for the prosecution,
which plans to call its own mental health experts next week.

Mr. Malvo, who is now 18, has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity to murder
charges in the shooting of Linda Franklin in Falls Church, Va., in October 2002.
His lawyers have acknowledged he participated in the shootings, but argue that
he was so brainwashed by Mr. Muhammad, 42, that he could not distinguish right
from wrong and could not resist Mr. Muhammad's commands to commit crime.

Prosecutors contend that testimony by the defense team's mental health experts
actually help prove that Mr. Malvo was not insane at the time of his crimes,
fully understanding the horrific nature of his actions. The teenager's torment
over some of the shootings are the clearest examples of that, the prosecutors
contend.

Wasn't Mr. Malvo's anguish about killing Keenya Cook, 21, of Tacoma, "an
indication he knew it was wrong?" the prosecutor, Robert F. Horan Jr., asked Dr.
Schetky on Wednesday.

"I believed he did, at that point," Dr. Schetky replied.

"Yet he did it anyway?" Mr. Horan asked.

"Yes, because he felt compelled to," Dr. Schetky answered.

Dr. Schetky and other mental health experts called by the defense contend that
Mr. Malvo's self-identity deteriorated the longer he remained under Mr.
Muhammad's sway. Thus, by the time the sniper attacks began in Montgomery
County, Md., last fall, he was little more than a puppet of the older man.

But the prosecutors have also tried to use the expert testimony to show that Mr.
Malvo seemed lucid during the shootings. Far from being a marionette, they say,
he was actively involved in planning the attacks.

In a detailed, murder-by-murder cross-examination on Thursday, Mr. Horan
repeatedly elicited testimony from the defense's final witness, Dr. Neil
Blumber, a psychiatrist, that Mr. Malvo helped pick locations for killings and
direct getaways and scrupulously served as a lookout during shootings. Mr.
Malvo, who once confessed to virtually all of the shootings, now contends that
Mr. Muhammad pulled the trigger in all but the final shooting.

Asking Dr. Blumber about the detailed planning that went into the shootings, Mr.
Horan said, "It hardly sounds impulsive."

Dr. Blumber replied: "It depends on how you define 'impulsive.' I'm trying to
communicate that his behavior was controlled and dictated by Muhammad."

Legal experts said it was rare for juries to acquit defendants based on insanity
pleas, and even rarer in cases where the defense claims brainwashing. Patricia
Hearst, the newspaper heiress, used the brainwashing defense in her trial nearly
three decades ago, but a jury convicted her on charges that she had assisted the
Symbionese Liberation Army in robbing a bank in 1975.

Mr. Malvo may face similar hurdles, experts not associated with the case said,
because he comes across as having been cogent during the crimes.

"There was so much planning for these execution-type shootings that it seems
hard to say he didn't know what he was doing," said Michael O'Neill, an
associate professor of law at George Mason University.

On Thursday, Judge Jane Marum Roush dismissed a juror because he does not live
in Chesapeake, said Mark Cox, a spokesman for the city. The juror made an
"honest mistake" in failing to tell court officials that he had moved, Mr. Cox
said. The dismissal will not affect the trial because there are still 15 jurors,
including three alternates who will be dismissed before deliberations begin.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              490 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                              May 1, 2010 Saturday

It's time for LCSD1 to invest in field turf

BYLINE: Ian St. Clair

SECTION: LOCAL SPORTS; Main Sports; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 649 words


I have long felt high-school sports are no longer for the kids who play them.

They are now about the parents and adults who put themselves and what they want
first.

Use the Cowboy State as an example.

The fact that state-culminating events for basketball, volleyball and wrestling
aren't held at the University of Wyoming speaks to that madness.

How anyone thinks kids are fired up to compete at the Casper Events Center when
they could be in the Arena-Auditorium in Laramie is failed logic.

Some adults couldn't care less that these kids have dreamed of playing at the
A-A. They would rather save time and money than to see a young person's dream
come true.

I get that - even if I don't like it.

But now that same logic is putting high-school soccer players in Cheyenne at
risk of injury.

For the last seven years Central High athletic director Duane Schopp has tried
to get synthetic turf in the stadiums at Central and Cheyenne East.

He has given proposals to Laramie County School District 1 that lay out in
plain, simple English why the move to turf is vital for the schools and the
community. And they show why the decision to keep natural grass is so costly.

To get this out of the way, the cost to get turf at both schools is $650,000
apiece. If you add South to the mix, Schopp says they could get a deal to lower
the cost to $500,000-$550,000 apiece.

But for LCSD1, that's just too much. Either those who make the decision refuse
to look at logic or they just don't care.

If they look through Schopp's research, they will find that turf is cheaper than
the natural grass that both schools have now.

According to Schopp, the yearly cost for maintenance on a natural grass field is
$35,000-$50,000. That includes man hours, supplies, fuel, equipment, striping,
seeding, etc.

The cost for annual maintenance on a turf field is $5,000.

Still, that is not enough to sway LCSD1.

That is just the start.

Look at water costs and conservation.

On natural grass fields, water costs LCSD1 thousands of dollars annually.

See St. Clair, page B4

Continued from B1

I don't know if you have seen Riske Field or Okie Blanchard Stadium in the last
few days, but that is a waste of money.

The middle of Riske Field is dirt. If the kids were set to play in a sandbox,
that would work great, but not for soccer.

Okie Blanchard Stadium is in the same porous shape.

It's now a matter of when, not if, a kid gets a serious leg injury playing on
either field.

Seems worth it to me.

The cost to water a turf field is zip, zero, nada.

Not only will LCSD1 save money on maintaining the field, it will conserve water.

Still, that is not enough to sway LCSD1.

And if you can't persuade it with money, then usage probably won't work either.
But even usage could make LCSD1 and the community money.

According to Schopp's proposal, a natural grass field is limited due to normal
wear. Oftentimes, those fields are unplayable - as they are now. Yet they are
still played on.

During the 2007-08 school year, there were 13 football games and 30 soccer games
played on Riske. A grass field can't tolerate that, let alone be open to the
public for use.

Yet a turf field can be used all year by both the school and the community
without the risk of damage.

That doesn't include the likelihood Cheyenne could host regional or state events
if turf were added. That would bring in revenue to the city through lodging,
food and retail.

Still, that is not enough to sway LCSD1.

The time has come for the district to pony up for synthetic turf. In fact, it is
long past time.

Trustees, stop wasting money on an empty investment because you're lazy, cheap
or don't care. Make a decision that will benefit the community, the planet and
you.

There is a reason I put "you" last. After all, your actions prove that's all
that matters - yourselves.

Prove me wrong. Put the kids first for a change.

Staff writer Ian St. Clair can be reached at 633-3123 or istclair@wyosports.net

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                             April 26, 1999, Monday

GUN-CONTROL LOBBY AIMS TO SWAY US LAW-MAKERS

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: DAVIES F

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 461 words


Gun-control lobby aims

to sway US law-makers

Frank Davies

THE massacre in a Colorado high school has galvanised the debate over children
and guns, but don't expect a major shift on firearms issues in Congress,
deadlocked on many gun bills since the early 1990s.

Advocates for more restrictions on guns, such as imposing a three-day
"cooling-off period" before a gun may be bought, or tightly regulating gun
shows, are hopeful that public outrage over the shootings will help force votes
in the House and Senate on some of these issues.

And the Clinton administration plans to renew its efforts on several measures
aimed at keeping guns from children. They include extending the Brady Bill ban
on handgun possession to people who committed violent crimes as juveniles and
increasing penalties on adults who sell or give guns to children.

The gun debate has flared anew in the wake of last week's massacre as fresh
evidence emerges of the huge stash of guns and other weaponry gathered by
killers Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold before they went on their rampage.

But a Congress sharply divided by this emotional issue is likely to take few
initiatives, according to people who have studied the politics of gun control.

"The issue will have more visibility and there will be more pressure on
lawmakers, but the chances of significant legislation are slim to none," said
Robert Spitzer of the State University of New York at Cortland and author of The
Politics of Gun Control, published in 1995. Since the Brady Bill and the assault
weapons ban five years ago, Congress has enacted very little gun legislation.
Republican leaders have blocked additional gun controls, and President Bill
Clinton has threatened to veto any effort to roll back restrictions.

Spitzer said it was highly unlikely that House Speaker Dennis Hastert, or Senate
Majority Leader Trent Lott, would allow floor votes on many gun issues because
"those votes could be harmful to their members."

But the bloodshed in Littleton may have a major impact on state legislatures and
courts, say Spitzer and other experts.

In the days since Tuesday's school attack, gun-control advocates won victories
in at least three states. Pro-gun bills, some making it easier to carry
concealed weapons, were delayed or sidetracked in Colorado and Illinois. The
California legislature enacted a restriction of one handgun purchase per month,
designed to stop mass sales to "straw" buyers who often resell to children.

In Florida, lawmakers delayed consideration of a Bill designed to insulate gun
manufacturers from lawsuits.

"Across the country, there has been a real turnabout on these issues," said Bob
Walker, president of Handgun Control, a Washington-based lobbying group for gun
control.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              492 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           February 10, 2008, Sunday

Novelist tunes in the Stones

BYLINE: Stephen Williams, Newsday

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. P3F

LENGTH: 790 words


The recipe for a history book about the Rolling Stones generally involves a
healthy helping of sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll; author Zachary Lazar had
dressed up his dish with a dash of mass murderer, a sprinkling of eccentric
filmmaker and a spoonful of make-believe.

As a painter might do with a brush and canvas, Lazar uses words in his new novel
"Sway" to fashion a restrained but seductive portrait of lives intersecting in
the tumultuous 1960s - the star-crossed Stones; charismatic, psychotic killer
Charles Manson; and avant-garde filmmaker Kenneth Anger. And while his creation
is grounded in fact, it is, in fact, fiction.

Sort of.

"So much fiction is closely drawn from fact," said Lazar, still boyish at 39.
"The reason to do this was to get into the psychological aspects of these people
in a way that a nonfiction approach precludes. I'm not after a photographic
likeness of the subject ... it's the impression." He laughed. "That probably
sounds kind of pretentious."

Pretentious Lazar isn't. He lives on the East End of Long Island, miles away -
literally and figuratively - from the chic Hamptons scene. He teaches creative
writing off and on at Hofstra University, and when he learned that "Sway" had
been sold to Little, Brown and Co. for publication, he was working another day
job: pruning hedges at Grey Gardens in East Hampton.

"I knew then everything was going to be OK," he said. "So I finished the
pruning."

A graduate of Brown University and the Iowa Writers' Workshop, Lazar is
delighted that "Sway" - named in homage to the Keith Richards song on the
"Sticky Fingers" album - has resonated with critics, and especially with people
who witnessed some of the events he addresses: the Manson murders; the Stones at
Altamont; the complex, finely drawn persona of the doomed Stone, Brian Jones.
The fact that Lazar was an infant when those events unfurled is simply
circumstance.

Los Angeles Times reviewer Mark Rozzo found that in "Sway" "the fun-house '60s
are nothing so much as a hell of mirrors. ... By highlighting the little-known
links among Jones; Kenneth Anger, the notorious filmmaker behind such oddball,
darkly camp creations as "Kustom Kar Kommandos" and "Inauguration of the
Pleasure Dome"; and Bobby Beausoleil, the would-be California rock star who
became Charles Manson's murderous yes-man, Lazar has created a powerful,
infernal prism through which to view the potent, still-rippling contradictions
of the late '60s. It's no mean feat."

Over a plate of fried clams at Legal Sea Foods in Huntington Station, Lazar was
low-key about this particular feat - he likens it to Truman Capote's "In Cold
Blood," except "his is much more nonfiction than mine" - but not about his
affection for rock and roll as the takeoff point for "Sway."

"I did start listening to rock when I was 8. ... I loved the Stones, I was
obsessed with them, they were so evil and glamorous at the same time. At 8
you're not supposed to have sexual feelings, but I keyed into something there.
They just seemed ... well, that was what you wanted to be. By the time I was 12,
I really wanted to be like that."

Lazar, who grew up in Colorado, says he's yet to encounter much in the way of
resentment from those who witnessed the traumas and tragedies of the '60s. "A
lot of people of that age felt that I nailed it," he said. "That said, people
feel proprietary about the '60s if they were alive then." Lazar is the first to
realize that his book's critics "talk more about the '60s than the book. But I
think there's this thing, that you want to establish your take on the '60s
whoever you are."

Lazar thought about being a musician once, but he "quickly realized that wasn't
realistic." Books replaced the records, and Lazar took a course on French
literature - in Paris, no less - where "you had to imitate the styles of great
French writers. In French. Which was difficult. But evidently I wasn't bad at
it. That was the first time I really wrote fiction. Figured if I could do it in
French, I could do it in English."

"Sway," which began to take shape in 2001, is technically Lazar's third book.
The first, in 1998, was called "Aaron Approximately," about an alienated boy's
troubled childhood. A second book - "a big sprawling, Thomas Pynchon kind of
novel" - was put on hold after 9/11.

By the new book's end, the kaleidoscopic cross-currents Lazar assembles for
pages and pages fuse into a kind of violent, murderous coda that's finally
wrapped in a vision of Mick Jagger in the studio; the Rolling Stones are
recording. "He backs out and lets out a yelp, a monkey screech, saturated in
echo," Lazar writes. "He makes grunting noises from deep inside his chest,
rising on his toes so that his body shakes."

The song is "Sympathy for the Devil."

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              493 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                              May 28, 2004 Friday

Reynolds-BAT deal on the bubble

BYLINE: by Jaret Seiberg

SECTION: LAWANDREG; M and A

LENGTH: 495 words



HIGHLIGHT: Hearings next week are R.J. Reynolds' last chance of avoiding a
lawsuit over its deal for Brown & Williamson.


R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Holdings Inc. plans to meet early next week with the
Federal Trade Commission in a final effort to avoid a lawsuit to block the
company's $2.5 billion acquisition of British American Tobacco plc's U.S.
operations.

Sources said the FTC bureau of competition will recommend challenging the deal,
though it is unclear whether that advice has been formally transmitted to the
FTC commissioners.

The agency's bureau of economics also is expected to recommend against the deal,
sources said. That recommendation is expected to be sent to the commissioners
before the meetings with Reynolds.

The FTC has been investigating the transaction since Reynolds said in October
that it would merge with BAT's Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp. unit. FTC staff
have opposed the deal for months, arguing that it would raise the price of
branded cigarettes and curtail consumer choice for generic offerings. That is
because after the deal Reynolds and industry rival Philip Morris USA Inc. would
control more than 80% of the market.

Sources said Reynolds has not offered to sell overlapping cigarette brands or to
otherwise substantially alter the deal in exchange for antitrust clearance. Nor
has it offered to take other steps to open shelf space for generic products.

Rather, the company argues that even post-merger it would not have the power to
profitably raise prices, sources said. That is because the massive tobacco
settlement with the states has artificially inflated cigarette prices so much
that further price hikes would cause many consumers to switch to generics, which
would force Reynolds to rescind the price increase to avoid losing market share.

But sources said this argument is unlikely to sway the four FTC commissioners --
Pamela Jones Harbour has recused herself from the case. These sources said there
are doubts about Reynolds' claim that it would lack post-merger pricing power.

Despite such questions, the merger could still be resolved. One source said
Reynolds could sway a majority of the commissioners if it can make a strong
empirical case on the pricing issue.

FTC Chairman Timothy J. Muris has previously said that such empirical evidence
can be decisive in proving that a deal that appears anticompetitive in fact
complies with antitrust law.

Evidence of this sort would include whether prior efforts to raise prices were
successful. Carnival Corp.used this maneuver, known as "natural experiments," to
secure FTC clearance to acquire P&O Princess Cruises plc, a merger most deal
watchers thought was dead.

Several antitrust experts, however, said there are significant differences
between the cases. In Carnival, economists for the company were involved in
early and in-depth discussions with FTC economists. That caused the bureau of
economics to conclude that there was empirical evidence that Carnival would not
raise prices after the deal. By contrast, there has not been an equivalent level
of contact in the Reynolds deal, one source said.

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2004 The Deal, L.L.C.


                              494 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hays Daily News (Kansas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: National security

BYLINE: The Hays Daily News, Kan.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 483 words


Dec. 13--President-elect Donald Trump need not worry: The results of the Nov. 8
election are not going to be overturned. The electors have spoken -- or at least
they will next week.

Still, Trump should be extremely concerned about the U.S. intelligence
community's assessment that Russia interfered with that election in an attempt
to get him elected.

It should be enough for this nation's leaders that a foreign country is
attempting to sway public opinion about any facet of American life. To sway an
election should demand immediate attention -- and action.

That is precisely what a growing bipartisan group of Senate and House leaders
are advocating. They understand the gravity of the situation, most likely
because they have listened to what the intelligence community is saying.

As reported in a Tribune News Service article, the consensus of the 17 agencies
comprising the U.S. intelligence community is that Russian hackers accessed both
political parties' national committee email systems. Only Democratic emails were
released to WikiLeaks, which published tens of thousands of them.

"The Washington Post reported that the CIA had concluded that Russian President
Vladimir Putin's government had authorized the hacking and leaking of Democratic
Party emails this year in a deliberate effort to damage Hillary Clinton and
boost Trump's chances," according to the TNS story.

A joint statement by Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain,
R-Ariz.; committee member Lindsey Graham, R-S.C.; incoming Senate Minority
Leader Charles E. Schumer, D-N.Y.; and Armed Services Committee ranking member
Jack Reed, D-R.I., read: "Recent reports of Russian interference in our election
should alarm every American."

We agree.

But apparently the incoming president does not.

"I don't believe it," Trump said on a Sunday morning news program.

Trump, who had encouraged Russia back in June to hack rival Hillary Clinton's
emails, claimed the recent intelligence assessment that Moscow had done just
that was "ridiculous."

Trump, who also skips daily intelligence briefings because he finds them
"repetitive," is convinced Democrats are behind the intelligence reports.

We are glad congressional leaders are calling for an investigation and that
President Barack Obama has ordered a thorough review to be completed before he
leaves office.

Trump needs to understand the Russian cyber attack is not about who won the
election. It isn't even about how many Americans are willing to believe fake
news stories as they conduct "research" on candidates.

Documented foreign threats with the capability of undermining free and fair
elections are not the sour grapes of a failed candidate. This is about the
security of a nation Trump was elected to lead.

plowry@dailynews.net

___ (c)2016 The Hays Daily News (Hays, Kan.) Visit The Hays Daily News (Hays,
Kan.) at www.hdnews.net Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161213-EZ-EDITORIAL-National-security-1213-20161213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EZ


                       Copyright 2016 The Hays Daily News


                              495 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

In initiative campaigns, can interest groups change minds?

LENGTH: 400 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Berkeley: University of California has issued the following news release:



   Ballot initiatives legislate on important issues including taxes, spending,
law enforcement, education, health care and civil rights. Given the stakes, it
is not surprising that vast sums are spent trying to pass or defeat initiatives
-- amounts that rival the spending on U.S. Presidential campaigns.





 However, political scientists have been uncertain about whether all that
spending amounts to much. Do campaigns for or against specific initiatives
actually sway voters?



 My collaborator, Todd Rogers at the Harvard Kennedy School, and I aimed to find
out.  In our research, we evaluated the effectiveness of a nonprofit group that
wanted to sway voters on 10 ballot initiatives in the 2008 election in Oregon
(out of 12 total on the ballot).



 polling place



 The nonprofit Our Oregon sent persuasive ballot guides to nearly 90 percent of
households in the state. To examine the impact, our study used a randomized
controlled experiment, whereby some precincts were randomly assigned to a
control group that did not receive the ballot guides, while other precincts were
assigned to receive the guides.



 Our results suggest that these guides can have surprisingly large effects. The
ballot guides moved the vote margin by about 4 percentage points in the intended
direction in each of 10 ballot measures. This suggests that, on each of the
measures, perhaps 1 in 50 people switched their vote specifically because they
received the treatment.



 In fact, the ballot guides appear to have caused two initiatives to be rejected
by voters. Measure 61 would have established mandatory minimum sentences for
certain crimes. It lost by a 2.1 percentage point margin while the ballot guide
moved the vote margin by over 5 percentage points. Measure 64 would have
prohibited money collected with the use of public resources from being used for
political purposes. It failed by a margin of 1 percentage point, while the
ballot guide moved the vote margin by over 5 percentage points.



 This study shows that not only can ballot-initiative campaigns influence an
individual citizen's vote on a specific ballot initiative, but that these
campaigns can actually affect whether a ballot initiative becomes law.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                          September 11, 2010 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Pastor sways on Koran bonfire as 9/11 tension grips America;
Pastor sways on Koran fire

BYLINE: SIMON MANN, UNITED STATES CORRESPONDENT, WASHINGTON

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 886 words


RELIGIOUS tension across America is casting a pall over this year's
commemoration of the September 11 terrorist attacks as confusion reigns over a
pastor's plan to burn Korans. The evangelical southern preacher put his bonfire
plans on hold briefly, but was apparently having a rethink after Islamic leaders
dashed his hopes that a planned mosque and Muslim cultural centre to be built
near Ground Zero would be relocated. In a series of bizarre twists, Pastor Terry
Jones, of Florida, told a news conference he had abandoned his plan to burn the
books after receiving assurances that the planned Manhattan mosque would be
moved. He said he would go to New York to meet the imam behind the development.

"He has agreed to move [the mosque]. And we have agreed to cancel our event on
Saturday," Mr Jones said. "Americans don't want the mosque there and, of course,
Muslims don't want us to burn Korans." But Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf, founder of
the Cordoba initiative, a non-profit organisation behind the development, denied
any deal had been struck. "I am glad that Pastor Jones has decided not to burn
any Korans," he said. "However, I have not spoken to Pastor Jones. I am
surprised by [the] announcement. "We are not going to toy with our religion or
any other. Nor are we going to barter. We are here to extend our hands to build
peace and harmony." The plan to burn 200 copies of the Koran at Mr Jones's Dove
World Outreach Centre in Gainesville brought protests by Muslims around the
world and a rebuke from President Barack Obama, who urged the pastor to abandon
a "destructive act" that could cause "serious violence" for US troops in
Afghanistan. Earlier, US Defence Secretary Robert Gates had contacted Mr Jones
expressing his concerns. The pastor, whose Pentecostal congregation numbers just
50, makes money selling furniture on eBay. He has long damned Islam as a satanic
faith, though he had not previously entered the debate over the New York mosque.
Mr Jones, 58, who was joined at the news conference by Imam Muhammad Musri,
president of the Orlando-based Islamic Society of Central Florida, described the
alleged relocation deal as a "sign from God" that had persuaded him to cancel
his protest. Later, Mr Musri also denied any deal, saying he had only offered to
set up a meeting between the pastor, himself and Mr Abdul Rauf. He said Mr Jones
had "dressed up" his public statement to "save face". But Mr Jones said Mr Musri
had "clearly lied to us". "Given what we are now hearing, we are forced to
rethink our decision," he said. "So, as of right now, we are not cancelling the
event, but we are suspending it." The issue has turned the spotlight on a
creeping intolerance in America, with the sombre commemoration of the ninth
anniversary of the attacks on the World Trade Centre and the Pentagon in danger
of being overshadowed by the controversies over the mosque and the Koran
burning. The anniversary this year coincides with the end of the holy month of
Ramadan when Muslims celebrate Eid al-Fitr. But the festival is being marred by
charges of Islamophobia as Americans in at least 10 states protest against
planned mosques and Muslim centres. The families of some of the victims of the
September 11 atrocities have led protests outside the proposed Manhattan mosque
for several weeks, branding as insensitive its siting so near to where Islamic
extremists crashed two passenger jets into the twin towers of the trade centre.
Geert Wilders, the leader of the anti-Islamic Freedom Party that is seeking a
share of power in the Netherlands, is also scheduled to join the protests. He
said he had been invited to speak on the anniversary by the Stop Islamisation of
America movement. President Obama, who one in five Americans believe incorrectly
is a Muslim, has been treading cautiously on the issues of the mosque and Koran
burning. While defending the building of the mosque as a constitutional right,
he was initially slow to comment on the proposed Koran burning, according to
aides, for fear of inflaming the situation. Commentators suggested it was time
to play down the incident, with some blaming the media for adding to the
tension. Harvard University's David Gergen, a former adviser to four US
presidents, said he regretted Mr Obama getting involved. "I think we've all been
sucked in involuntarily into a freak show," he said, describing Mr Jones as "not
just a lunatic" but also "a jerk [for having] put the country through this". He
conceded the media frenzy was inevitable once the US commander in Afghanistan,
General David Petraeus, warned that the Koran burning would put the lives of
American troops serving overseas at risk. But Republican congressman Ron Paul
questioned whether the Koran burning would make a big difference to how
Americans were perceived abroad. While the Texas congressman said General
Petraeus had been right to recognise the dangers, he added: "He unfortunately
fails to see the whole picture and understand that our policies of torture,
targeted assassination, invasion of Muslim countries and unintended infliction
of civilian casualties in Iraq, Afghanistan and Pakistan are also provocative.
"Pictures of victims of torture as well as innocent people killed by drones and
stray bombs are every bit as bad as burning the Koran," the congressman said.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

Buildings sway as East Coast quake registers 5.9

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 924 words


BOSTON (AP) -- An earthquake centered in Virginia has caused confusion and
buildings evacuations in Boston, but no serious injuries have been reported.

Boston police spokeswoman Elaine Driscoll said the department received a rush of
911 calls from people wondering what was happening when tremors from the 5.9
magnitude quake reached the city.

But Peter Judge of the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency said no
injuries or damage were reported statewide.

A Logan International Airport spokesman says the airport remains open, though
teams are double-checking structures around the airport.

Workers emptied into Boston streets as buildings were evacuated, including an
eight-story building in the seaport district that houses the local branch of the
United Way. An agency spokesman said blinds and curtains began to sway, desks
and windows creaked and an alarm sounded.

The quake forced evacuations of all the memorials and monuments on the National
Mall in Washington and rattled nerves from South Carolina to Martha's Vineyard,
the Massachusetts island where President Barack Obama is vacationing.

A District of Columbia fire department spokesman said there were numerous
injuries, no reports of serious injuries or deaths.

The U.S. Geological Survey said the earthquake was half a mile deep and centered
near Louisa, Va., about 40 miles northwest of Richmond. Shaking was felt at the
White House and all over the East Coast, as far south as Charleston, S.C. Parts
of the Pentagon, White House and Capitol were evacuated.

Two nuclear reactors at the North Anna Power Station in the same county as the
epicenter were automatically taken off line by safety systems around the time of
the earthquake, said Roger Hannah, a spokesman for the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory
Commission.

The Dominion-operated power plant is being run off of four emergency diesel
generators, which are supplying power for critical safety equipment. Hannah said
the agency was not immediately aware of any damage at nuclear power plants in
the Southeast.

Obama and many of the nation's leaders were out of town on August vacation when
the quake struck at 1:51 p.m. EDT. The shaking was felt on the Martha's Vineyard
golf course as Obama was just starting a round.

At the Pentagon in northern Virginia, a low rumbling built and built to the
point that the building was shaking. People ran into the corridors of the
government's biggest building and as the shaking continued there were shouts of
"Evacuate! Evacuate!"

The U.S. Park Service evacuated and closed all National Mall monuments and
memorials. At Reagan National Airport outside Washington, ceiling tiles fell
during a few seconds of shaking. Authorities announced it was an earthquake and
all flights were put on hold.

Amtrak said its trains along the Northeast Corridor between Baltimore and
Washington were operating at reduced speeds and crews were inspecting stations
and railroad infrastructure before returning to normal.

In New York, the 26-story federal courthouse in lower Manhattan began swaying
and hundreds of people were seen leaving the building. Court officers weren't
letting people back in.

More than 12 million people live close enough to the quake's epicenter to feel
shaking, according to the U.S. Geological Survey. The agency said this quake was
in the yellow alert category for economic damage, meaning there was potential
for local damage but it would add up to far less than 1 percent of the country's
gross domestic product.

East Coast earthquakes are far less common than in the West, but they tend to be
felt over a broad area. That's because the crust is not as mangled and
fractured, allowing seismic waves to travel without interruption.

"The waves are able to reverberate and travel pretty happily out for miles,"
said U.S. Geological Survey seismologist Susan Hough.

The Virginia quake came a day after an earthquake in Colorado toppled groceries
off shelves and caused minor damage to homes in the southern part of the state
and in northern New Mexico. No injuries were reported as aftershocks continued
Tuesday.

In Charleston, W.Va., hundreds of workers left the state Capitol building and
employees at other downtown office buildings were asked to leave temporarily.

"The whole building shook," said Jennifer Bundy, a spokeswoman for the state
Supreme Court. "You could feel two different shakes. Everybody just kind of came
out on their own."

In Ohio, where office buildings swayed in Columbus and Cincinnati and the press
box at the Cleveland Indians' Progressive Field shook. At least one building
near the Statehouse was evacuated in downtown Columbus.

In downtown Baltimore, the quake sent office workers into the streets, where
lamp posts swayed slightly as they called family and friends to check in.

Social media site Twitter lit up with reports of the earthquake from people
using the site up and down the U.S. eastern seaboard.

"People pouring out of buildings and onto the sidewalks and Into Farragut Park
in downtown DC...," tweeted Republican strategist Kevin Madden.

John Gurlach, air traffic controller at the Morgantown Municipal Airport was in
a 40-foot-tall tower when the earth trembled.

"There were two of us looking at each other saying, 'What's that?"' he said,
even as a commuter plane was landing. "It was noticeably shaking. It felt like a
B-52 unloading."

Immediately, the phone rang from the nearest airport in Clarksburg, and a
computer began spitting out green strips of paper -- alerts from other airports
in New York and Washington issuing ground stops "due to earthquake."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 12, 2006 Friday

All he asks: mere perfection

BYLINE: AMBER MOBLEY

SECTION: NORTH OF TAMPA; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 641 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


Latin syncopations and African beats leave no room for the Monday blues in
Nathaniel Strawbridge's classroom.

There's no time to be tired and no space for mistakes.

Strawbridge, a musical Mussolini of sorts, demands perfection from his
pint-sized percussionists, fifth-graders at Crestwood Elementary School.

Students must find their rhythm and find it fast because once they come in, it's
not playtime. It's time to play.

Still, on a recent Monday morning, members of the drum ensemble come dragging
in. Strawbridge knows they'll be tired, maybe even "a little rusty" after the
weekend.

He doesn't care.

This rehearsal and the one after that and the one after that need to be perfect
for three reasons: a concert next week at Leto High School; they need to record
an audition tape for next year's Florida Music Convention; and, quite simply,
because "I demand perfection," Strawbridge said.

"Drums! I don't care if you just learned this on Friday," he tells the students.
"I don't care if you've only been playing this for a day."

"It's getting better," he says as the drumming continues. "Is it perfect?
Nooooope!"

Drummer David Edmond, 11, rubs his hands all the while, his eyes fixated on his
taut drum top.

While Strawbridge sounds harsh, the kids smile, laugh, work together and work
hard.

"I kick their tails in rehearsal," Strawbridge says before class. "If they're
honestly messing up, they need to know it."

"But they work. They put some college students to shame."

Clack! Clack! Clack!

Strawbridge knocks two rhythm sticks together and away they all go again - for
the umpteenth time - from the top of the same musical arrangement. Loud, strong,
together, 14 drums - lows, middles and highs - and 17 xylophones making music.

Erika Gonzalez and Giuliana Leon, both 11, rock and sway, beating their drums
from front to back. As each section's rhythm blends with the next, Strawbridge's
hips begin to sway. His shoulders start to shake and his body breaks into a
full, outright juke.

He even smiles.

"I'm intense," Strawbridge said. "I can't help myself."

He does everything from memory and teaches most music that way, too, to train
students' eyes and ears to know music.

"You can't be effective if you're standing up there with a book. If you can't
sell it, they're not buying," Strawbridge said. "These kids need to love music.
That is our goal."

One could say his love for music is embedded in his genes.

Originally from Washington, D.C., Strawbridge grew up surrounded by the sounds
of go-go, a genre defined by heavy, funky, continuous drumbeats. But foremost in
his musical development was gospel music.

Strawbridge was raised a Pentecostal. His father and uncle have a church in the
D.C. area where he honed his trumpeting skills (he's classically trained on the
instrument) and his drumming.

His mother plays trombone, and his father plays the drums.

Even Strawbridge's two older siblings have found a musical niche. Both work for
Hillsborough public schools.

His sister, Monica, is a strings specialist at Memorial Middle School. His
brother, Allen, heads a group at Rampello Downtown Partnership called Mark Time,
a percussion ensemble characteristic of the Broadway musical Stomp with students
using everyday items as instruments.

Nate Strawbridge also works with recorder and guitar ensembles, dancers and a
chorus at Crestwood.

This man, who instructs hundreds of students, never meant to be a teacher.

"It kind of fell on me," he said about the profession he has worked in for four
years. All of his family members - dad, mom, brother and sister - teach.

As strict as he appears to be, Strawbridge admits that he's "almost holding back
tears" when his students perform.

"Now remember, I said almost," he said with a laugh. "I really never thought
teaching could be gratifying."

Amber Mobley can be reached at (813) 269-5311 or amobley@sptimes.com.

If you go

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, MIKE PEASE, (3)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             March 23, 2008 Sunday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

CLINTON MAY NEED SOME SUPER SWAY

BYLINE: ADAM C. SMITH; WES ALLISON, Times Staff Writers

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1484 words



HIGHLIGHT: As Obama weathers a week of bad news, Clinton looks for a bump ...
and a contingency plan.


If you think Hillary Rodham Clinton's persuasive skills have been put to the
test in this political marathon, just wait until June 3.

That's when Montana and South Dakota, the final Democratic primary states, have
their say and real arm-twisting begins.

With Barack Obama expected to maintain his lead in total votes and pledged
delegates through the remaining 10 nominating contests, Clinton likely will need
to persuade about 250 uncommitted party leaders and elected officials known as
superdelegates to hand her the nomination at the party's August convention.

The crux of Clinton's case is that after 15 combined years as first lady and
senator from New York, she has been tested and vetted, while Obama, a first-time
senator from Illinois, is still a relative unknown who may be more vulnerable to
Republican attacks.

Clinton advisers contend their argument got a major boost last week, thanks to
the uproar over statements by Obama's former pastor and spiritual adviser,
Jeremiah Wright, as well as the ongoing federal corruption trial of Obama's
former political patron, Tony Rezko.

They say the controversies have amplified Obama's potential weaknesses and will
make it easier to persuade superdelegates that Clinton would be the strongest
Democratic nominee.

Just over half of the party's 796 superdelegates have committed to a candidate.
Clinton holds a slight lead among them, but Obama has been closing the gap.

"The charge to the superdelegates at the convention is to nominate the person
who will win in November. The votes in 40 states took place before certain
events unfolded in the last month," said Ira Leesfield, a top Clinton fundraiser
in Miami.

"Look at some of the revelations about his judgment with Rezko and with Rev.
Wright, his judgment not to leave a church that gave the man of the year award
to Louis Farrakhan."

Her skeletons are out

Whitewater, White House travel office, Vince Foster, Rose Law Firm. Clinton
argues that after years of Republican-led investigations against her and her
husband, former President Bill Clinton, her closet has no skeletons left for
Republicans to discover.

She and her surrogates also have been reminding superdelegates that she's
stronger among working-class white voters and Latinos who can make or break
elections, and that she has performed better in crucial states like Ohio and
Florida.

But with little sign those arguments were working, the campaign last week
focused on Obama's controversies. Mark Penn, Clinton's senior strategist,
suggested that her rise in some polls suggested "buyer's remorse" for Democrats
who had picked Obama in earlier contests.

Superdelegates say they are listening. But the cold, hard numbers facing Clinton
are daunting.

"If you're a superdelegate, why would you do anything else but follow the will
of the people?" said U.S. Rep. Jason Altmire, an uncommitted superdelegate from
Pennsylvania who has fielded five calls from Sen. Clinton or her husband in the
past couple of weeks.

"Clinton's argument is superdelegates are experienced, and you're supposed to
exercise your judgment. But boy, it's going to be really difficult for me, if
Obama's ahead on all other counts, to go the other way."

Primary problems

Polls suggest Clinton could win the Pennsylvania primary easily on April 22,
when 158 delegates are at stake, but a gain there could be erased two weeks
later when Indiana and North Carolina vote. Together, they boast 187 delegates.

Barring a big surprise, most observers doubt Clinton can overcome the delegate
gap by June 3. Whether she can trim Obama's roughly 700,000 popular vote lead
(400,000 if Florida's Jan. 29 primary is included) looks uncertain as well.

The uncommitted superdelegates - many of whom are politicians sensitive to
antagonizing rank-and-file voters - then would have nearly 12 weeks to consider
whether to overturn Obama's lead, while being lobbied heavily by the campaigns.

That could make for a hot, divisive summer for Democrats while Sen. John McCain
raises money and works to unite Republicans.

Kirk Wagar, Obama's Florida finance chairman, doubts the race will continue
until the August convention because Democrats won't tolerate Clinton supporters
ripping apart the likely nominee.

"The only way this goes all the way to the convention is if 250 superdelegates
from June 3 all the way to Aug. 25 don't say anything," Wagar said. "There's
going to come a point where the math is so oppressive, and the remaining
superdelegates demand it's over.

"She has a fine line she has to walk, because every time she goes on attack she
is proving Barack Obama's thesis that it's time for a new kind of politics."

Last-minute pick

Jon Ausman, an uncommitted Democratic National Committee member from
Tallahassee, said he thinks many superdelegates will wait until the last minute
because of lingering doubts about who is the stronger candidate.

To him the most important consideration is who will help Democrats win more
congressional and state legislative seats, and that seems to be Obama. But
Ausman is sympathetic to Clinton's arguments.

"I really don't know what I'm going to do on this one," said Ausman, who will be
one of Florida's 26 superdelegates if the state's delegation is seated in
Denver. "I don't want to get into buyer's remorse as with John Kerry, when all
of a sudden he's getting Swiftboated and he's gone."

Obama's campaign is countering with the argument that Clinton suffers from a
"character gap," and they're touting a new Gallup Poll showing that just more
than half of Americans question whether she is trustworthy.

"We believe this is going to be a significant issue as superdelegates and voters
decide who to support in the fall," Obama campaign manager David Plouffe said
Friday.

Wait-and-see approach

Momentum has see-sawed between Obama and Clinton since the Iowa caucus in
January, and several superdelegates said they doubted many undecided delegates
would take Clinton's cue and choose now based on a couple of tough weeks for
Obama.

"I, as a lot of people, certainly have been tuned into all the controversy about
Obama's minister, and you hear the delegates talking about it, and you hear both
sides - it'll blow over, no it won't blow over, it's too big a thing, and so on
and so forth," said Muriel K. Offerman, a DNC member and uncommitted
superdelegate from Cary, N.C., who heard from Sen. Clinton last week.

"I don't know that it's changed much. And Obama came back with a very strong
statement. It's a few weeks yet, so who knows what else might come up."

Clinton will find it much easier to make her case to the superdelegates if she
manages to narrow Obama's lead in total votes and pledged delegates, which are
allocated according to the results of primaries and caucuses.

Among pledged delegates, Obama leads Clinton by 168, but his lead drops to 121
when committed superdelegates are factored in, according to the Associated
Press. A total of 2,024 delegates are needed to win the nomination.

"I can't imagine if there's a 150-delegate lead (for Obama) that the
superdelegates are going to break so strongly for Clinton that Clinton would be
the nominee," said U.S. Rep. Brad Miller, D-N.C., an uncommitted superdelegate.
"If it's 25 to 50, that's essentially a tie - that means they went through the
whole process, and came out with a tie.

"And who knows what the public perceptions will be at that point, what the
polling will be, what more we will have learned about the candidates."

Adam C. Smith can be reached at asmith@sptimes.com or (727) 893-8241.

Where the Florida superdelegates stand

Florida is represented by 23 superdelegates: the state's 10 Democratic members
of Congress and 13 Democratic National Committee members. On April 5, state
Democratic Party leaders will elect three "unpledged add-on" delegates, expected
to be party dignitaries like, perhaps, former Sen. Bob Graham. None of these
delegates yet have a voice in the Democratic nomination because Florida is being
punished for holding a primary earlier than DNC rules allowed. Still, here's
where the 23 superdelegates stand:

Uncommitted: U.S. Reps. Allen Boyd of Monticello, Ron Klein of Boca Raton and
Tim Mahoney of Palm Beach Gardens; DNC members Karen Thurman of Dunnellon, Janee
Murphee of Tampa (officially uncommitted, though she donated $2,300 to Obama),
Jon Ausman of Tallahassee, Mitch Ceasar of Plantation, Diane Glasser of Tamarac,
Andy Tobias of Miami, Terrie Brady of Jacksonville and Rudy Parker of Perry.

Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton backers: Sen. Bill Nelson; U.S. Reps. Kendrick Meek
of Miami, Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Weston, Alcee Hastings of Miami and
Corrine Brown of Jacksonville; DNC members Raul Martinez of Hialeah, Chuck
Mohlke of Naples; and former DNC chairman Ken Curtis of Sarasota.

Sen. Barack Obama backers: U.S. Reps. Kathy Castor of Tampa and Robert Wexler of
Boca Raton; DNC members Allan Katz of Tallahassee and State Rep. Joyce Cusack of
DeLand.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Sen. Hillary Clinton is hoping her experience will sway
superdelegates. PHOTO: Sen. Barack Obama is unlikely to lose his delegate lead
before the end of the primaries. GRAPHIC, JOHN CORBITT, DON MORRIS, AMY
HOLLYFIELD, Times: Is Democrats' road to Denver long enough to pick a winner?

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

Hainan Special: UK firms explore cooperation with Hainan

BYLINE: Zhang Zhouxiang

LENGTH: 670  words


Coconut palms sway by the roadside, vendors walk past singing local music and
golden beaches glisten in the cool breeze.

Coconut palms sway by the roadside, vendors walk past singing local music and
golden beaches glisten in the cool breeze.

The scene sounds like one from Hawaii, but it is a picture of life on Hainan
Island, the southernmost province of China, which is an increasingly prosperous
Asian tourism destination.

On the island traditional Chinese culture meets that of various oceanic ethnic
groups, which appeals to visitors who want a glimpse at China and Southeast
Asia.

Hainan Culture Week started in Westminster Central Hall in London on Sept 2 and
saw 126 representatives from 90 British enterprises discuss the possibility of
cooperation with 12 cultural enterprises from Hainan.

The event marked Hainan's first appearance in London, the global capital of
cultural creative industries.

Crispin Simon, managing director for trade at UK Trade& Investment, expressed
keen interest in the ongoing development of Hainan into a global tourism island.
A team of economic experts and entrepreneurs will soon visit Hainan to further
explore cooperation opportunities, he said.

During the cultural week both parties expressed their desire to strengthen
cooperation and share the advantages. Sue Bishop, director of creative
industries and global sports directorate at UKTI, said she hoped they could
coordinate in fields such as oceanic parks, museums and cultural gardens.

Britain has the latest ideas on cultural creativity and the most successful
development mode and the expertise could be used to help exploit Hainan's rich
tourism resources, she said.

Richard Parry, head of the experience economy team at UKTI, said he was most
interested in the island's tropical forest program, which offer visitors a
strong sense of participation.

A creative industry researcher called Lucy said she noticed that cultural
industries in Hainan had their own unique style because they combine traditional
Chinese culture and the flavor of oceanic ethnic groups. She plans to research
the tropical island culture and said she would offer her professional support to
both British and Chinese cultural enterprises.

The cultural week's seven-day schedule included a music evening with the
"Maritime Silk Road" as its theme, several exhibitions on Hainan's development,
intangible cultural legacies of the island and showcases of other products of
its creative industry.

Wider European audiences also got an insight into the island through a
documentary about its culture called Meeting Hainan People.

The five episodes of the documentary were broadcast by the ifeng TV European
Channel since Sept 1.

Ian Wright, a famous British host from the US Discovery channel, starred in the
show. It recorded his 20-day trip to Hainan, which he did without any planning.
He didn't book a single hotel, didn't have an interpreter or even any money. All
he had was a double-seat bicycle and a camera to make video diaries of his
experiences.

The documentary was funded by the Department of Publicity and the Hainan
provincial committee of the Communist Party of China, and was produced by Hainan
General TV Station.

Meng Mian, a consultant at the Chinese embassy in the UK, praised the
documentary and said it had international potential to showcase Hainan as an
international tourism island. The documentary also prompted communication and
interaction among various nations, he said.

Xu Jun, head of the publicity department of the CPC Hainan committee, said at
the documentary's launch ceremony that Hainan was fully capable of receiving
global visitors and added that the cultural activities would give Europeans a
better understanding of Hainan.

zhangzhouxiang@chinadaily.com.cn

During a promotion event in Austria in September, Xu Jun (left), head of the
provincial publicity bureau, introduced Hainan's tourism resources to Wolfgang
Eisl, special envoy of Salzburg province for China affairs. Li Xiaogang / China
Daily

(China Daily 11/07/2014 page16)

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved
