
                               1 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 18, 2013 Wednesday

Pesticide Emergency Exemptions; Agency Decisions and State and Federal Agency
Crisis Declarations

LENGTH: 1072  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice.
Summary

EPA has granted emergency exemptions under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide,
and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) for use of pesticides as listed in this notice. The
exemptions were granted during the period October 1, 2012 through March 31, 2013
to control unforeseen pest outbreaks.

Table of Contents Back to Top

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    I. General Information
    A. Does this action apply to me?
    B. How can I get copies of this document and other related information?
    II. Background
    III. Emergency Exemptions
    A. U.S. States and Territories
    Arkansas
    State Plant Board
    California
    Department of Pesticide Regulation
    Colorado
    Department of Agriculture
    Delaware
    Department of Agriculture
    Florida
    Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services
    Georgia
    Department of Agriculture
    Hawaii
    Department of Agriculture
    Idaho
    Department of Agriculture
    Illinois
    Department of Agriculture
    Indiana
    Department of Agriculture
    Iowa
    Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship
    Kentucky
    Department of Agriculture
    Louisiana
    Department of Agriculture & Forestry
    Maine
    Department of Agriculture, Food, and Rural Resources
    Maryland
    Department of Agriculture
    Massachusetts
    Department of Agricultural Resources
    Michigan
    Department of Agriculture
    Minnesota
    Department of Agriculture
    Mississippi
    Department of Agriculture
    Missouri
    Department of Agriculture
    Nebraska
    Department of Agriculture
    Nevada
    Department of Agriculture
    New York
    Department of Environmental Conservation
    North Dakota
    Department of Agriculture
    Ohio
    Department of Agriculture
    Oregon
    Department of Agriculture
    Pennsylvania
    Department of Agriculture
    South Carolina
    Department of Pesticide Regulation
    South Dakota
    Department of Agriculture
    Texas
    Department of Agriculture
    Utah
    Department of Agriculture and Food
    Vermont
    Agency of Agriculture Food and Markets
    Washington
    Department of Agriculture
    West Virginia
    Department of Agriculture
    Wisconsin
    Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection
    Wyoming
    Department of Agriculture
    B. Federal Department and Agencies
    Agriculture Department
    Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service
    List of Subjects

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Lois Rossi, Registration Division (7505P), Office of Pesticide Programs,
Environmental Protection Agency, 1200 Pennsylvania Ave. NW., Washington, DC
20460-0001; telephone number: (703) 305-7090; email address: RDFRNotices@epa.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
I. General Information Back to Top
A. Does this action apply to me?

You may be potentially affected by this action if you are an agricultural
producer, food manufacturer, or pesticide manufacturer. The following list of
North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) codes is not intended to
be exhaustive, but rather provides a guide to help readers determine whether
this document applies to them.

Potentially affected entities may include:

Crop production (NAICS code 111).
    Animal production (NAICS code 112).
    Food manufacturing (NAICS code 311).
    Pesticide manufacturing (NAICS code 32532).

B. How can I get copies of this document and other related information?

The docket for this action, identified by docket identification (ID) number
EPA-HQ-OPP-2013-0069, is available at http://www.regulations.gov or at the
Office of Pesticide Programs Regulatory Public Docket (OPP Docket) in the
Environmental Protection Agency Docket Center (EPA/DC), EPA West Bldg., Rm.
3334, 1301 Constitution Ave. NW., Washington, DC 20460-0001. The Public Reading
Room is open from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday, excluding legal
holidays. The telephone number for the Public Reading Room is (202) 566-1744,
and the telephone number for the OPP Docket is (703) 305-5805. Please review the
visitor instructions and additional information about the docket available at
http://www.epa.gov/dockets.
II. Background Back to Top

EPA has granted emergency exemptions to the following State and Federal
agencies. The emergency exemptions may take the following form: Crisis, public
health, quarantine, or specific.

Under FIFRA section 18, EPA can authorize the use of a pesticide when emergency
conditions exist. Authorizations (commonly called emergency exemptions) are
granted to State and Federal agencies and are of four types:

1. A "specific exemption" authorizes use of a pesticide against specific pests
on limited acreage in a particular State. Most emergency exemptions are specific
exemptions.

2. "Quarantine" and "public health" exemptions are emergency exemptions issued
for quarantine or public health purposes. These are rarely requested.

3. A "crisis exemption" is initiated by a State or Federal agency (and is
confirmed by EPA) when there is insufficient time to request and obtain EPA
permission for use of a pesticide in an emergency.

EPA may deny an emergency exemption: If the State or Federal agency cannot
demonstrate that an emergency exists, if the use poses unacceptable risks to the
environment, or if EPA cannot reach a conclusion that the proposed pesticide use
is likely to result in "a reasonable certainty of no harm" to human health,
including exposure of residues of the pesticide to infants and children.

If the emergency use of the pesticide on a food or feed commodity would result
in pesticide chemical residues, EPA establishes a time-limited tolerance meeting
the "reasonable certainty of no harm standard" of the Federal Food, Drug, and
Cosmetic Act (FFDCA).

In this document: EPA identifies the State or Federal agency granted the
exemption, the type of exemption, the pesticide authorized and the pests, the
crop or use for which authorized, and the duration of the exemption. EPA also
gives the Federal Register citation for the time-limited tolerance, if any.
III. Emergency Exemptions Back to Top
A. U.S. States and Territories
Arkansas
State Plant Board

Specific exemption: EPA authorized the use of amitraz in beehives to control
varroa mite; December 10, 2012 to December 10, 2013.

Specific exemption: EPA authorized the use of potassium salt of hop beta acids
in beehives to control varroa mite on December 10, 2012; Effective

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                              June 24, 2011 Friday

Agricultural Cabinet to work for farmers' welfare

LENGTH: 998  words

DATELINE: India


India, June 24 -- To work in an integrated manner on matters relating to
agriculture, the Madhya Pradesh Government has introduced a separate Agriculture
Cabinet. This has spread a message that the State Government is sensitive
towards the farming community. After this, Madhya Pradesh has become the second
State in the country to have an exclusive "agriculture budget" in addition to
the general budget, which is presented annually in the State Assembly.

Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has been stressing on the welfare of
farmers and expressed his commitment towards making the farming as a profitable
business.

The only other State in the country to have such a budget is Karnataka, which
presented the first such budget in February this year. This step was taken in
view of the record production of wheat in recent times and also it has a large
agrarian population. The agriculture budget will focus on all the branches
related to farmland as horticulture, animal husbandry, fisheries, panchayats and
forestry. The intention of such a budget is to focus on development schemes
related to irrigation, power supply for farming and supply of fertilisers and
other goods to the farmers. The budget will be prepared in consultation with all
the stakeholders involved in agriculture.

The decision to form a separate Agriculture Cabinet was taken in the Cabinet
meeting on May 23.

It is believed that the Chief Minister was dissatisfied with the working of the
Agriculture Department, following which such a decision was taken.

The first meeting of the Agriculture Cabinet was held at Jabalpur Agriculture
University on June 18, in which several recommendations were made, that would be
implemented in the coming days.

To strengthen the agriculture sector, it has also been decided to observe a
"Krishi Mahotsava" throughout the State from September 25 to October 12.

The Agriculture Cabinet is be chaired by the Chief Minister and will comprise
Ministers for Agriculture, Horticulture, Animal Husbandry and Dairy, Fisheries,
Cooperative, Water Resources, Narmada Valley Development, Energy, Panchayat and
Rural Development, SC-ST Welfare and Forest. The committee will fix short-term
and long-term strategies for agriculture-related sectors and will also consult
experts for it.

A concept called 'Agriculture Budget' will be evolved, by tabling the budgetary
demands of departments related to agriculture collectively.

The core objective of Krishi Cabinet is to increase agriculture production and
productivity with the joint efforts of Irrigation, Narmada valley development,
Power distribution, Panchayat and Rural Development, Revenue, Tribal and
Scheduled Caste Development Departments and with their integrated suggestions
and decisions in this regard.

These efforts will be made to bring the smiles on the face of farmers, animal
herders and fish farmers. Besides, the departments like Panchayat and Rural
Development, Water Resources, Narmada Valley Development, Energy, Revenue,
Tribal and Scheduled Caste Development and Forest will take decisions keeping in
view the policy matters of Agriculture, Horticulture, Animal Husbandry, Dairy,
Fish Farming and Cooperatives Departments in order to frame out an integrated
policy for the development.

This Cabinet will also take decisions on planning and budgets of departments
concerned as far as development of these departments relates to agriculture
sectors.

It will decide on short-term and long-term polices in agriculture sector. For
this, suggestions will be sought from experts. The Agriculture Cabinet will be
authorised for ensuring coordination among inter-departmental activities in
order to gain positive results in agriculture sector. The Cabinet will also hold
budgetary discussion on supplementary demands for agriculture and agriculture
sector for developing agriculture budget concept.

State BJP spokesman Vijesh Lunawat said that it was a unique initiative taken by
the Chief Minister who has always been concerned towards the farming community.

On the contrary, the main opposition Congress has termed this as old wine in new
bottle. There was no need to form a separate Cabinet for agriculture because
Agriculture Department was already functional in the State along with other
departments. State Congress spokesman JP Dhanopia said, "If the Chief Minister
wanted to introduce a separate Cabinet for Agriculture, he should have abolished
the defunct Agriculture Department and sacked the Agriculture Minister."

Recommendations

The State Government is committed to bringing about a second green revolution by
increasing agriculture production in Madhya Pradesh. All the sectors related to
agriculture will be strengthened in the State. A three-day workshop on
agriculture was orgnaised in Jabalpur last week in which over 300 agriculture
scientists, progressive farmers and officers across the country took the part in
the workshop.

Heads of five panels gave recommendations. Jawaharlal Nehru Agriculture
University Vice-Chancellor Gautam Kallu presented new techniques of agriculture.
Besides, former Director General Indian Agriculture Research Council, New Delhi
Panjab Singh stressed on initiating pilot projects to improve agriculture
sector. He said that natural resources and man-made resources are available but
they should be exploited in right direction.

Rajamata Vijayraje Scindia Agriculture University, Gwalior Vice-Chancellor VS
Tomar underlined the need for publicity of new modern techniques of farming.
Besides, CK Mishra felt the need for agriculture business management
development. He said that there is need to reform the management of Krishi Upaj
Mandi. Former Deputy Director General Indian Agriculture Research Council, New
Delhi Anwar Alam recommended for the upgradation of agriculture research and
education. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 24, 2017 Friday

IP Australia grants trade mark 'Strzelecki Award ' to FTA Distribution Pty Ltd

LENGTH: 381 words

DATELINE: New York



 Australia: FTA Distribution Pty Ltd , has been granted trademark (1764396)
titled as "Strzelecki Award

 " from -13-APR-2016-, through -13-APR-2026-, from the Australian trademark
office.





 Status: Registered/Protected





 Goods & Services:    Class 1: Bacterial preparations for use in agriculture;
Bacteriological preparations for use in agriculture; Calcium peroxide for use in
agriculture; Chemical adjuvants for use in agriculture; Chemical products for
use in agriculture (other than fungicides, weedkillers, herbicides,
insecticides, parasiticides); Chemically treated peat for use in agriculture;
Chemicals used in agriculture; Gas mixtures for use in agriculture; Gases for
use in agriculture; Lime for use in agriculture; Manure for agriculture; Plastic
alloys for use in agriculture; Protective coatings for agriculture (not
fungicides, weedkillers, herbicides, insecticides or parasiticides); Radioactive
products for use in agriculture; Rock fibres for use in agriculture; Substrates
for soil-free growing (agriculture); Trace elements for use in agriculture;
Chemical additives for fertilisers; Fertilisers; Fertilisers consisting of
compounds of nitrogen; Fish meal fertilisers; Liquid fertilisers; Mulch for soil
enrichment (fertiliser); Nitrogenous fertilisers; Organic digestate
(fertiliser); Peat (fertiliser); Phosphates (fertilisers); Salts (fertilisers);
Seaweeds (fertilisers); Slag (fertilisers); Superphosphates (fertilisers)



 Class 7: Fertiliser broadcasters (machines); Row fertiliser spreaders
(machines); Two-disc fertiliser spreaders



 Class 44: Consultancy relating to agriculture; Cultivation advisory services
relating to agriculture; Fumigation in agriculture; Insecticide spraying in
agriculture; Pest control in agriculture; Pest exterminating (for agriculture,
horticulture and forestry); Providing information, including online, about
agriculture, horticulture, and forestry services; Vermin exterminating for
agriculture, horticulture and forestry







 Type of Mark: Word



 Date of Acceptance:   07-JUN-2016



 Date of Registration:  23-FEB-2017



 Registration Advertised:  02-MAR-2017



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 24, 2017 Friday

IP Australia grants trade mark 'Strzelecki Award ' to FTA Distribution Pty Ltd

LENGTH: 381 words

DATELINE: New York



 Australia:  FTA Distribution Pty Ltd, has been granted trademark (1764396)
titled as "Strzelecki Award

 " from -13-APR-2016-, through -13-APR-2026-, from the Australian trademark
office.





 Status: Registered/Protected





 Goods & Services:    Class 1: Bacterial preparations for use in agriculture;
Bacteriological preparations for use in agriculture; Calcium peroxide for use in
agriculture; Chemical adjuvants for use in agriculture; Chemical products for
use in agriculture (other than fungicides, weedkillers, herbicides,
insecticides, parasiticides); Chemically treated peat for use in agriculture;
Chemicals used in agriculture; Gas mixtures for use in agriculture; Gases for
use in agriculture; Lime for use in agriculture; Manure for agriculture; Plastic
alloys for use in agriculture; Protective coatings for agriculture (not
fungicides, weedkillers, herbicides, insecticides or parasiticides); Radioactive
products for use in agriculture; Rock fibres for use in agriculture; Substrates
for soil-free growing (agriculture); Trace elements for use in agriculture;
Chemical additives for fertilisers; Fertilisers; Fertilisers consisting of
compounds of nitrogen; Fish meal fertilisers; Liquid fertilisers; Mulch for soil
enrichment (fertiliser); Nitrogenous fertilisers; Organic digestate
(fertiliser); Peat (fertiliser); Phosphates (fertilisers); Salts (fertilisers);
Seaweeds (fertilisers); Slag (fertilisers); Superphosphates (fertilisers)



 Class 7: Fertiliser broadcasters (machines); Row fertiliser spreaders
(machines); Two-disc fertiliser spreaders



 Class 44: Consultancy relating to agriculture; Cultivation advisory services
relating to agriculture; Fumigation in agriculture; Insecticide spraying in
agriculture; Pest control in agriculture; Pest exterminating (for agriculture,
horticulture and forestry); Providing information, including online, about
agriculture, horticulture, and forestry services; Vermin exterminating for
agriculture, horticulture and forestry







 Type of Mark: Word



 Date of Acceptance:   07-JUN-2016



 Date of Registration:  23-FEB-2017



 Registration Advertised:  02-MAR-2017



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 24, 2017 Friday

IP Australia grants trade mark 'Strzelecki Award ' to FTA Distribution Pty Ltd

LENGTH: 381 words

DATELINE: New York



 Australia:  FTA Distribution Pty Ltd, has been granted trademark (1764396)
titled as "Strzelecki Award

 " from -13-APR-2016-, through -13-APR-2026-, from the Australian trademark
office.





 Status: Registered/Protected





 Goods & Services:    Class 1: Bacterial preparations for use in agriculture;
Bacteriological preparations for use in agriculture; Calcium peroxide for use in
agriculture; Chemical adjuvants for use in agriculture; Chemical products for
use in agriculture (other than fungicides, weedkillers, herbicides,
insecticides, parasiticides); Chemically treated peat for use in agriculture;
Chemicals used in agriculture; Gas mixtures for use in agriculture; Gases for
use in agriculture; Lime for use in agriculture; Manure for agriculture; Plastic
alloys for use in agriculture; Protective coatings for agriculture (not
fungicides, weedkillers, herbicides, insecticides or parasiticides); Radioactive
products for use in agriculture; Rock fibres for use in agriculture; Substrates
for soil-free growing (agriculture); Trace elements for use in agriculture;
Chemical additives for fertilisers; Fertilisers; Fertilisers consisting of
compounds of nitrogen; Fish meal fertilisers; Liquid fertilisers; Mulch for soil
enrichment (fertiliser); Nitrogenous fertilisers; Organic digestate
(fertiliser); Peat (fertiliser); Phosphates (fertilisers); Salts (fertilisers);
Seaweeds (fertilisers); Slag (fertilisers); Superphosphates (fertilisers)



 Class 7: Fertiliser broadcasters (machines); Row fertiliser spreaders
(machines); Two-disc fertiliser spreaders



 Class 44: Consultancy relating to agriculture; Cultivation advisory services
relating to agriculture; Fumigation in agriculture; Insecticide spraying in
agriculture; Pest control in agriculture; Pest exterminating (for agriculture,
horticulture and forestry); Providing information, including online, about
agriculture, horticulture, and forestry services; Vermin exterminating for
agriculture, horticulture and forestry







 Type of Mark: Word



 Date of Acceptance:   07-JUN-2016



 Date of Registration:  23-FEB-2017



 Registration Advertised:  02-MAR-2017



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                     GlobalData - Key Operational Employees

                                February 8, 2017

                         A.R.I Flow Control Accessories

                              Kibbutz Kfar Charuv
                               Kibbutz Kfar 12932
                                     Israel

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS: Avner KoblinerAgriculture, Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFR
Agriculture, Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFROperational Management
Avner KoblinerAgriculture, Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFR  Agriculture,
Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFROperational Management
Avner KoblinerAgriculture, Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFR  Agriculture,
Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFROperational Management
Avner KoblinerAgriculture, Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFR  Agriculture,
Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFROperational Management
Avner KoblinerAgriculture, Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFR  Agriculture,
Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFROperational Management
Avner KoblinerAgriculture, Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFR  Agriculture,
Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFROperational Management
Avner KoblinerAgriculture, Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFR  Agriculture,
Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFROperational Management
Avner KoblinerAgriculture, Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFR  Agriculture,
Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFROperational Management
Avner KoblinerAgriculture, Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFR  Agriculture,
Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFROperational Management
Avner KoblinerAgriculture, Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFR  Agriculture,
Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFROperational Management
Avner KoblinerAgriculture, Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFR  Agriculture,
Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFROperational Management
Avner KoblinerAgriculture, Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFR  Agriculture,
Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFROperational Management
Avner KoblinerAgriculture, Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFR  Agriculture,
Irrigation, Back Flow Preventer & UFROperational Management


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Financial Ratios
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017


                               7 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                      July 21, 2015 Tuesday 11:51 AM  EST

United Kingdom Intellectual Property Office Publishes Application for Trademark
"Root 1 Feeder" to DP Brandco for Various Goods and Services

LENGTH: 1623 words

DATELINE: South Wales


South Wales, July 21 -- DP Brandco Ltd., Manchester, has filed the trademark
"Root 1 Feeder" on June 24, for various goods and services.

The trademark application (journal number: 2015/029) was published on July 17.
Class(es): 1 [Ammonium chloride fertilizer;Ammonium nitrate fertilizer;Ammonium
sulphate fertilizer;Blood powder [fertilizer];Bone meal [fertilizer];Calcined
potassium fertilizer;Compost [fertilizer];Leaf mold [fertilizer];Manganese
fertilizer;Peat [fertilizer];Potassium chloride fertilizer;Potassium sulphate
fertilizer;Rice bran [fertilizer];Sodium nitrate fertilizer;Urea
fertilizer;Fertilizer compositions;Nitrogenous fertilizer;Seaweed extracts for
use as a fertilizer;Seed coatings [fertilizer];Slow release fertilizer
compositions;Gypsum for use as a fertilizer;Seaweeds for use as a
fertilizer;Fertiliser for soil and potting soil;Foliar fertiliser for
application to crops during periods of rapid growth;Foliar fertiliser for
application to crops during periods of stress;Mulch for soil enrichment
[fertiliser];Peat [fertiliser];Artificial plant-cultivation soil;Artificial
plant-cultivation soil made of mineral materials;Chemical soil
conditioners;Fertiliser for soil and potting soil;Soil improving agents;Soil
improving preparations;Charcoal for use as a soil conditioner;Soil
additives;Soil amendments;Soil conditioners;Additives (chemical-) for
soil;Additives (chemical-) for the soil;Chemical preparations for soil
treatment;Coir fibre soil improvers;Conditioners for the soil;Fertilizers for
soil;Manures for the soil;Mulch for soil enrichment [fertiliser];Mulch for soil
enrichment in agricultural environments;Mulch for soil enrichment in
horticultural environments;Seaweed based soil conditioning products;Soil;Soil
additives [fertilising];Soil conditioners [other than sterilising];Soil
conditioners for inoculation into the soil preparatory to the sowing of seeds
[other than sterilising];Soil conditioning chemicals [other than
sterilising];Soil conditioning preparations for enhancing the growth of
agricultural products;Soil conditioning preparations for enhancing the growth of
garden products;Soil conditioning preparations for enhancing the growth of
horticultural products;Soil conditioning preparations for regulating the growth
of agricultural products;Soil conditioning preparations for regulating the
growth of garden products;Soil conditioning preparations for regulating the
growth of horticultural products;Soil conditioning substances [other than
sterilising];Soil enrichment chemicals;Soil improvement substances;Soil
improvers;Soil improving material;Soil substitutes;Substances for improving the
soil;Substances for stabilising the soil;Soil conditioning chemicals;Chemical
substances for use as soil coverings;Soil conditioning preparations;Potting
soil;Fertilisers for soil and potting soil;Organic potting soil;Soil
conditioners for agricultural purposes;Soil conditioners for horticultural
purposes;Expanded clay for hydroponic plant growing [substrates];Substrates used
in agriculture, horticulture and forestry;Plant substrates;Expanded-clay for
hydroponic plant growing [substrates];Substrates for soil-free growing [
agriculture];Substrates used in agriculture, horticulture and forestry;Chemicals
used in horticulture;Chemicals used in industry, science and photography, as
well as in agriculture, horticulture and forestry;Bacterial preparations for use
in horticulture;Bacteriological preparations for use in horticulture;Chemically
treated peat for use in horticulture;Chemicals for use in horticulture [other
than fungicides, weedkillers, herbicides, insecticides, parasiticides];Gases for
use in horticulture;Horticulture chemicals, except fungicides, herbicides,
insecticides or parasiticide;Horticulture growing media;Inorganic peroxides for
use in horticulture;Liquid storing polymers for use in horticulture;Perlite for
use in horticulture;Pots (peat-) for horticulture;Rock fibres for use in
horticulture;Surface active chemical agents for use in horticulture;Trace
elements for use in horticulture;Chemicals for horticulture, other than
fungicides, herbicides, insecticides and parasiticides;Peat pots for
horticulture;Pots (Peat -) for horticulture;Horticulture chemicals, except
fungicides, herbicides, insecticides and parasiticides;Fertilizers for
agriculture made of seaweed;Substrates used in agriculture, horticulture and
forestry;Chemicals used in agriculture;Chemicals used in industry, science and
photography, as well as in agriculture, horticulture and forestry;Agriculture
(manure for-);Bacterial preparations for use in agriculture;Bacteriological
preparations for use in agriculture;Calcium peroxide for use in agriculture
;Chemically treated peat for use in agriculture;Lime for use in agriculture
;Liquid storing polymers for use in agriculture;Nutritional substances
[fertilizers] in liquid form for use in agriculture;Substances for soil-free
growing [agriculture];Surface active chemical agents for use in agriculture
;Trace elements for use in agriculture;Substrates for soil-free growing [
agriculture];Agriculture (Manure for -);Manure for agriculture;Seed coatings
[fertilizer];Seed dressings for preservation;Seed treatments for
preservation;Seed preserving substances;Ferrous sulfates against yellowing of
plant leaves;Substances for regulating plant growth;Chemical catalysts for use
in methanol synthesis plant operation;Expanded clay for hydroponic plant growing
[substrates];Plant food;Plant foods;Plant growth regulators;Plant growth
regulators for agricultural use;Plant strengthening preparations;Natural and
synthetic plant growth media;Plant growth media;Plant hormones
(phytohormones);Chelated substances for use as fertilizers for plant
foliage;Chelated substances for use as nutrients for plant foliage;Chelated
substances for use as supplements for plant foliage;Microorganisms for use in
stimulation of plant growth;Plant feeds;Plant growing media;Plant growing
substances;Plant growth regulating compositions;Plant growth regulating
substances;Plant nutrients;Plant nutrients for use in aquariums;Plant
substrates;Seaweed plant food;Substances for promoting plant growth;Wetting
agents for use as adjuvants for plant protection preparations;Expanded-clay for
hydroponic plant growing [substrates];Chemical products for the treatment of
plant diseases;Plant nutrition preparations;Plant growth regulating
preparations;Growth regulating preparations (Plant -);Expanded-clay for
hydroponic plant growing [substrate];Clay (Expanded- -) for hydroponic plant
growing [substrate]], 5 [Nematode pesticide;Soil fumigating preparations;Soil
conditioners [sterilisers];Flea exterminating preparations;Larvae exterminating
preparations;Slug exterminating preparations], 31 [Seeds coated with a
fertilizer;Bird seed;Grass seed;Rye seed;Wheat seed;Wildlife seed mixtures;Seed
(mats containing-) for laying lawns;Seed potatoes;Bulbs for agricultural
purposes;Bulbs for horticultural purposes;Bulbs (flower-);Bulbs (plant-);Bulbs
(plant-) for agricultural use;Bulbs (plant-) for horticultural use;Flower
bulbs;Bulbs;Tubers for plant propagation;Flax [linseed] plant seeds;Plant
seeds;Seeds (Plant -)], 37 [Pest control;Termite and pest control;Soil
stabilisation;Vermin exterminating [other than for agriculture, forestry or
horticulture];Vermin extermination other than for agriculture;Vermin
exterminating [other than for agriculture, forestry or
horticulture];Exterminating (vermin-) other than for agriculture;Vermin
eradication [other than in agriculture];Vermin killing [other than in
agriculture];Vermin exterminating, other than for agriculture;Exterminating
(Vermin -), other than for agriculture;Vermin exterminating [other than for
agriculture, forestry or horticulture];Exterminating (vermin-) other than for
agriculture;Vermin exterminating;Vermin exterminating, other than for
agriculture;Exterminating (Vermin -), other than for agriculture;Rat
exterminating;Vermin extermination other than for agriculture;Extermination of
fungus infestation in wood;Extermination of insects;Extermination of
pests;Extermination of rats;Extermination of rodents;Rat extermination] and 44
[Pest control in agriculture;Vermin exterminating [for agriculture, horticulture
or forestry];Exterminating (vermin-) [for agriculture, horticulture and
forestry];Vermin exterminating for agriculture, horticulture and
forestry;Exterminating (Vermin -) for agriculture, horticulture and
forestry;Horticulture;Vermin extermination for agriculture;Vermin exterminating
[for agriculture, horticulture or forestry];Agriculture, horticulture and
forestry services;Exterminating (vermin-) [for agriculture, horticulture and
forestry];Fumigation in agriculture;Infestations (control of-), fleas [in
agriculture];Insecticide spraying in agriculture;Pest control in agriculture;Rat
extermination in agriculture;Spraying (insecticide -) in agriculture;Termite
control in agriculture;Vermin exterminating for agriculture, horticulture and
forestry;Exterminating (Vermin -) for agriculture, horticulture and
forestry;Vermin exterminating [for agriculture, horticulture or
forestry];Exterminating (vermin-) [for agriculture, horticulture and
forestry];Vermin exterminating for agriculture, horticulture and
forestry;Exterminating (Vermin -) for agriculture, horticulture and
forestry;Vermin extermination for agriculture;Rat extermination in agriculture
;Providing information regarding plant and flower identification for
horticultural purposes] The original document can be viewed at:

https://www.ipo.gov.uk/tmcase/Results/1/UK00003114727 For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Early Times (India)

                            December 6, 2016 Tuesday

JK witnesses 40% drop in Agri share to GDP since 1980

LENGTH: 533 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, Dec. 6 -- As the agriculture land conversion goes unabated in Jammu
and Kashmir, the agriculture share to GDP of the state has declined by 40
percent in last around four decades, officials said.

An official of the agriculture department while quoting official figures said
the agriculture share to GDP of Jammu and Kashmir has declined by 40 percent
since 1980.

Despite decline in agriculture share to the GDP, the Jammu and Kashmir is yet to
implement the 'agriculture policy' that will actualize the vast untapped growth
potential of this sector despite 60 percent population of the state being
directly or indirectly dependent on the agriculture sector.

Several states have implemented the agriculture policy to increase production
and productivity of the crops and to enable farmers to diversify their crop
production so as to take advantage of market opportunities.

However, the government has failed to implement the effective agriculture policy
in the state that will lay down long term road map for improvisation of
agriculture sector.

"The agriculture policy has been confined to papers only without being
implemented on the ground. Although majority of population are directly or
indirectly dependent on the sector but government has been least interested in
implementing the agriculture policy," the official said. Official sources said a
draft of agriculture policy was framed but authorities were not bothered to
ensure its implementation resulting there has been decline in agriculture
production.

The policy was framed to actualize the vast untapped growth potential of the
agriculture, promote value addition, accelerate the growth of agri-business, and
create employment in rural areas.

The farmers said they have raised the issue with the government several times to
implement the agriculture policy in the state, but to no avail. "Only assurances
have been given to the farmers by the authorities that agriculture policy will
be implemented but no such efforts have been made on the ground," said Ali
Mohammad, a farmer of Anantnag.

Officials said without agriculture policy, the state was unable to take
advantage of several centrally sponsored schemes that would have been beneficial
to boost agriculture crops by introducing high breed seeds, inputs on subsidy
rates besides technical know how to state's farmers.

Kashmir's economy is highly dependent on agriculture, supporting over 60 percent
of its population. Officials said the agriculture policy would have helped in
educating the farmers about the latest technology that is being used in
developed world. The provisions of J&K Land Revenue Act 1996 prohibit the
conversion of paddy or vegetable land into any other use. The construction of
residential and commercial buildings on agricultural land is violation of the
master plan is believed another reason for decline in agriculture production. A
senior official of agriculture department said the government was in the process
in implementing effective agriculture policy.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Early Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Early Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      East African Business Week (Kampala)

                                August 09, 2015

Regional Talks On Climate Held

LENGTH: 654 words

DATELINE: Kampala


Experts from the Eastern Africa sub-region have launched a new climate-smart
agriculture platform that will aid in scaling up climate-smart agriculture (CSA)
practices in the region.

The Platform will support East African countries to address sub-regional issues
related to Climate-smart agriculture scale up and will contribute to continental
initiatives such as the Africa Climate-Smart Agriculture Alliance and the
AU/NEPAD goal of having 25 million farming households in Africa practicing
climate-smart agriculture by 2025.

Climate smart agriculture is an approach to developing the technical, policy and
investment conditions to achieve sustainable agricultural development for food
security under climate change.

According to experts climate smart Agriculture contributes to the achievement of
national food security.

The climate smart Agriculture platform was launched in Kampala during a two day
workshop hosted by the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) of the United
Nations Sub-regional Office for Eastern Africa and the Uganda Climate-Smart
Agriculture Task Force with support from the COMESA-EAC-SADC.

Addressing climate change Experts. Uganda's Minister for Agriculture, Animal
Industry and Fisheries Hon. Tress Bucyanayandi said there is need for drastic
and innovative measures to help the East African countries and Uganda at large
to adapt climate change smart Agriculture.

The Minister said: "Climate change is already affecting food production systems
and therefore the livelihoods and food security of millions of people,
especially women who depend on agriculture for a living are to suffer the
consequences associated with climate change if no Innovation has been
developed."

Bucyanayandi observed that agriculture sector has the biggest potential to
contribute to climate change mitigation either through reducing emissions,
improving production or creating carbon sinks.

He said this can be done by adopting CSA practices such as conservation
agriculture and agroforestry. The meeting brought together participants from
Ministries of Agriculture in five Eastern African Countries in addition to key
Regional Economic Communities such as (EAC and IGAD).

The objective of the meeting was to deliberate on issues around the adoption and
sustained practice of climate-smart agriculture which including monitoring and
evaluation of climate-smart agriculture, value chain development for
climate-smart agriculture, access to equipment for climate-smart agriculture ,
mainstreaming CSA into national agriculture investment plans and the gender
dimensions in promotion of CSA practices among others.

The experts recognized the need for all countries to have functioning national
CSA task forces in order to support a coordinated approach to CSA promotion
efforts at country level.

The experts also welcomed the formation of a Sub-regional CSA Platform that
would take the lead on sub-regional efforts to scale up climate-smart
agriculture.

Making Key note address to the participants, FAO Deputy Country Representative
Mr. Massimo Castiello said the climate-smart agriculture concept which tackles
climate change in an integrated manner should be embraced by developing
countries especially in Africa and EAC in general

Climate Smart Agriculture practices such as conservation agriculture,
agro-forestry, integrated pest management, crop rotation, mulching and residue
management and others, are promising options that, overtime can sustainably
increase the productivity of smaller holder farmers as well as their
profitability and resilience without compromising the environment.

However despite the positive benefits from climate smart practices not widely
used in the Eastern Africa Sub-region, partly because there is limited
awareness, capacity, knowledge and policy support for the widespread use of CSA
technologies. Thus the need by a need to scale up such practices across the
Eastern Africa countries as a whole.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Guv to experts: Prepare 'future-ready' Agriculture curricula for colleges

LENGTH: 852 words

DATELINE: Raipur


Raipur, Sept. 13 -- Governor Balramji Das Tandon on Monday called upon the
experts to prepare Agriculture course curricula to suit the future needs of the
society which could be implemented in the Agriculture colleges.

He was addressing the eighth Convocation ceremony of the Indira Gandhi
Agriculture University (IGAU) here.

Union Agriculture Minister Radhamohan Singh was the chief guest on the
occasion.Earlier, IGAU Vice-Chancellor Dr S. K. Patil welcomed the gathering.

The Governor while laying stress upon the organic farming said that a road map
should be prepared by which the farmers should be benefitted by adopting
Bio-farming (Organic farming).

There should be minimum usage of chemical fertilisers and more usage of
Bio-pesticides and organic manures, he said.

Tandon said that farmers had been facing stiff competition because of global
agriculture market scenario. "It is imperative to update the knowledge of
markets to the farmers."

The products should suit the national and global markets and new opportunities
should be tested. Information Technology should be used in the field of
agriculture, the Governor said.

Notably, a total of 1997 students were conferred with degrees at the Convocation
function. Twenty-six students were conferred with Ph.Ds and 15 meritorious
students with Gold Medals.

Union Minister Radhamohan Singh expressed his satisfaction that the lone
Agriculture University in Chhattisgarh had inked more than 40 MoUs with leading
institutions regarding research works.

The Union Minister stressed upon the need for increasing the production of
pulses and oilseeds. Under the 'Mera Gaon-Mera Gourav' Mission, Indian Council
of Agriculture Research and Agriculture universities had adopted 10,000
villages.

He revealed that 'Kisan Pratham' scheme will also be introduced at IGAU soon.
"This will act as a medium between the farmers and the farm scientists. In
2015-16, about 50,000 farmers had direct discussions with hundred leading
institutes and Agriculture universities."

Chief Minister Raman Singh said that the youth who had been conferred with
degrees today will enter new phase of life soon.

He appreciated that youth in Chhattisgarh had been showing a keen interest in
agriculture of late.

When the entire world is running after 'White Collar' jobs, the youth in the
State are showing interest in farm sector, he said.

Singh urged the students to help increase farm output. The seats in Engineering
Colleges are going abegging but the Agriculture colleges are in great demand.
One out of ten students is opting for Agriculture colleges.

He revealed that there were times when agriculture sector became stagnant. But
new research had increased farm production. To increase output is a very big
challenge. While remembering famous Chhattisgarh Agriculture scientist Dr R H
Richaria, the Chief Minister revealed that the former had assembled 23,000
varieties of paddy Germplasm. The scenario on the agriculture front from Bijapur
to Dantewada and Balrampur district had changed dramatically in recent times,
the Chief Minister stated.

'Mocho-Badi' organic farming is a unique experiment being carried on in
Dantewada district. Several steps are being undertaken in the field of
Agriculture education in Chhattisgarh, he said.

In the year 2000, there was just one Agriculture college, one Animal Husbandry
and one Dairy Technology college. Now there are 12 Government Colleges and two
Horticulture Colleges at present. There are several private agriculture colleges
also in operation. Earlier irrigation capacity was only 23 per cent and now it
is 34 per cent, Singh said.

State Agriculture Minister Brijmohan Agrawal said that maximum employment is
provided in the farm sector. The biggest Agriculture Museum in the entire
country was inaugurated on the IGAU campus today.

Agrawal threw light upon the achievements of the Agriculture University during
the past 29 years. Several Agriculture Science Centres had been opened under the
jurisdiction of IGAU.

Many posts had been filled up and there was a boost provided to research work.
Chhattisgarh is the only State in the entire country that provides loans up to
Rs 25 lakh to Agriculture graduates to open Agriculture Science Centre, he said.

There are 500 Agriculture Science Centres in the State at present. These centres
had been opened in 21 out of 27 districts with the co-operation of the Central
Government, he said.

In the programme presided over by Governor Balramji Das Tandon, Union
Agriculture and Farmer Welfare Minister Radhamohan Singh also inaugurated
Agriculture Museum building worth Rs 4 .92 crore and commenced Agriculture
Science Centre approved for Raipur district at IGAU campus.

It is noteworthy that Agriculture Museum in Raipur is the biggest in the
country, whereas the Agriculture Science Centre inaugurated is the 21st centre
of Chhattisgarh. For this, 50 acres of lakh has been allotted in IGAU premises,
official informed.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

Nominations sought for state Excellence in Agriculture Awards

BYLINE: From Staff Reports

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 546 words


In 1998, the Governor's Outstanding Achievement Award in Agriculture was created
to recognize those who have helped lead the industry while demonstrating
exemplary personal values and pursuing agricultural achievements. Through Feb.
12, the Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food and Forestry is accepting
nominations for Oklahoma Excellence in Agriculture Awards.The award winners will
be announced during a recognition ceremony March 30 at the state Capitol as part
of the state's Oklahoma Ag Day celebration.Examples of eligible agriculture
enterprises for the Governor's Outstanding Achievement Award in Agriculture
nominee are: livestock and crop production, agribusiness, forestry, horticulture
and nursery management.

In addition to considering the nominee's production agriculture involvement, the
application recognizes leadership in agricultural and state organizations as
well as additional awards and honors. The winner will be someone with at least
25 years in agriculture who derives the bulk of his or her income from
agriculture or has retired from an agricultural enterprise.Previous award
winners have represented different areas of Oklahoma as well as a variety of
agricultural groups and commodities. Past recipients have guided their families
and communities to success by excelling as dairymen, cattle ranchers, pork
producers, wheat farmers, conservationists and educators.Award categoriesIn
addition to the Governor's Outstanding Achievement Award in Agriculture, the
department&nbsp;presents the Agriculture Environmental Stewardship Award,
Outstanding Legacy in Agriculture Award and Outstanding Public Service in
Agriculture Award.&nbsp;Gov. Mary Fallin's Agriculture Environmental Stewardship
Award recognizes Oklahoma agriculturalists who are leaders in developing and
adopting outstanding environmentally innovative agricultural practices. This
award will highlight the efforts of an Oklahoma agriculture producer who is a
steward of the environment and is dedicated to conserving the natural resources
of Oklahoma while helping to ensure a continued supply of food and
fiber.Fallin's Outstanding Public Service in Agriculture Award honors an
individual who has made outstanding contributions of public service to Oklahoma
agriculture. The recipient will be someone who works diligently to improve
public perception of agriculture in Oklahoma. The recipient should be a person
who has given time and talent unselfishly to advance the Oklahoma agricultural
industry.Fallin's Outstanding Legacy to Agriculture Award posthumously honors
someone who made significant lifelong contributions to Oklahoma agriculture."The
Oklahoma Excellence in Agriculture Awards give us the opportunity to recognize
those individuals who have made a positive and lasting impact on agriculture in
our state," said Oklahoma Secretary of Agriculture Jim Reese.The deadline for
all nominations is 5 p.m. Feb. 12. Recipients will be selected by a committee of
representatives from agricultural commodity organizations and farm and ranch
organizations.To learn moreQuestions about the nomination procedure or
completion of the official nomination form can be directed to Jason Harvey at
522-5563. The nomination forms can be found online at
www.ag.ok.gov/odaff-halloffame.htm.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

Nominations sought for Oklahoma's Excellence in Agriculture Awards

BYLINE: From Staff Reports

SECTION:

LENGTH: 546 words


In 1998, the Governor's Outstanding Achievement Award in Agriculture was created
to recognize those who have helped lead the industry while demonstrating
exemplary personal values and pursuing agricultural achievements. Through Feb.
12, the Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food and Forestry is accepting
nominations for Oklahoma Excellence in Agriculture Awards.The award winners will
be announced during a recognition ceremony March 30 at the state Capitol as part
of the state's Oklahoma Ag Day celebration.Examples of eligible agriculture
enterprises for the Governor's Outstanding Achievement Award in Agriculture
nominee are: livestock and crop production, agribusiness, forestry, horticulture
and nursery management.

In addition to considering the nominee's production agriculture involvement, the
application recognizes leadership in agricultural and state organizations as
well as additional awards and honors. The winner will be someone with at least
25 years in agriculture who derives the bulk of his or her income from
agriculture or has retired from an agricultural enterprise.Previous award
winners have represented different areas of Oklahoma as well as a variety of
agricultural groups and commodities. Past recipients have guided their families
and communities to success by excelling as dairymen, cattle ranchers, pork
producers, wheat farmers, conservationists and educators.Award categoriesIn
addition to the Governor's Outstanding Achievement Award in Agriculture, the
department&nbsp;presents the Agriculture Environmental Stewardship Award,
Outstanding Legacy in Agriculture Award and Outstanding Public Service in
Agriculture Award.&nbsp;Gov. Mary Fallin's Agriculture Environmental Stewardship
Award recognizes Oklahoma agriculturalists who are leaders in developing and
adopting outstanding environmentally innovative agricultural practices. This
award will highlight the efforts of an Oklahoma agriculture producer who is a
steward of the environment and is dedicated to conserving the natural resources
of Oklahoma while helping to ensure a continued supply of food and
fiber.Fallin's Outstanding Public Service in Agriculture Award honors an
individual who has made outstanding contributions of public service to Oklahoma
agriculture. The recipient will be someone who works diligently to improve
public perception of agriculture in Oklahoma. The recipient should be a person
who has given time and talent unselfishly to advance the Oklahoma agricultural
industry.Fallin's Outstanding Legacy to Agriculture Award posthumously honors
someone who made significant lifelong contributions to Oklahoma agriculture."The
Oklahoma Excellence in Agriculture Awards give us the opportunity to recognize
those individuals who have made a positive and lasting impact on agriculture in
our state," said Oklahoma Secretary of Agriculture Jim Reese.The deadline for
all nominations is 5 p.m. Feb. 12. Recipients will be selected by a committee of
representatives from agricultural commodity organizations and farm and ranch
organizations.To learn moreQuestions about the nomination procedure or
completion of the official nomination form can be directed to Jason Harvey at
522-5563. The nomination forms can be found online at
www.ag.ok.gov/odaff-halloffame.htm.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            November 9, 2015 Monday

China shows interest in upgrading agriculture sector

SECTION: Vol. LI No. 307

LENGTH: 284  words


Peoples Republic of China has showed deep interest in upgrading agriculture
industrial sector, developing most mechanism of modern agriculture machinery and
seed industries in collaboration with Chinese experts boosting up and
strengthening the agriculture sector across the country particularly in
agriculture producing areas, agriculture officials said on Saturday.

The five members' Chinese delegation led by province Jilin's Vice Director
General Agriculture Commission Wang Xiang visited a few days back. The
delegation was comprised of Jilin Agriculture Commissions' Baoshan Howa Division
head foreign economic division Xiang Xee, Jilin People's government foreign
office interpreter Wang Lin, Jilin Ping Aan Seed Company Limited Chief Executive
Officer Yang Ti Ching Jilin Kongda Agriculture Machinery Company Ltd general
manager.

Agriculture officials said the delegation met with Punjab Director General
Agriculture (Field) Dr Qurban Ali Sindhu and held meeting with the
representatives of agriculture machinery manufacturing companies. The Chinese
delegation was briefed on agriculture machinery manufacturing in Pakistan.

The Chinese delegation also visited Faislabad Chak 34/GB Naseer agriculture farm
and reviewed agriculture cropping and assessed the demonstration of agriculture
machinery. The Chinese delegation also visited agriculture machinery
manufacturing units.

Talking to this scribe Punjab Agriculture Information assistant Director Naveed
Asmat Kahloon said that China has showed interest in developing seed processing
and upgrading the agriculture machinery infrastructure.

He said the Chinese expertise would bring revolution in Punjab agriculture and
increasing the per acre yield.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           September 3, 2009 Thursday

Planning Commission committed for fast-track agriculture development

LENGTH: 433  words


Chairman Planning Commission of Pakistan, Sardar Aseff Ahmed Ali said on
Wednesday that the Commission was committed to helping fast track development of
agriculture sector on modern lines.

He was speaking at a workshop on Innovative Development Strategies organized by
Pakistan Agriculture Research Council with support from the World Bank and Food
and Agriculture Organization here.

Secretary Ministry of Food and Agriculture, Zia-ur-Rehman was also present on
the occasion. He stressed the need for conducting research to put the
agriculture on the progressive path, saying that the government would provide
all out support and incentives for conducting agriculture research to enhance
productivity and export of agriculture produce.

He said that the government, in the federal budget for 2009-10 had allocated a
huge amount for the development of agriculture sector. He said that the
agriculture sector has been neglected since long and that is why people move
towards urban areas and industrialization instead of investing in agriculture.

He lamented that despite being among top countries producing agriculture yields,
Pakistan's agriculture exports were very low. He said that levying tax on
agriculture sector was totally provincial subject and said that the federal
government should let the provinces collect these revenues.

Speaking on the occasion, Chairman PARC Zafar Altaf said that Pakistan was
lagging behind in agriculture productivity, saying that Chinese farmers have
been producing much more yield from per acre land than farmers in Pakistan.

He stressed the need for formulating longstanding policies, with particular
focus on research to ensure sustainable development of agriculture sector.
Earlier, in her detailed presentation on "The Terms of Trade (ToTs) for
Pakistan's Agriculture and Agriculture Income Tax," Safiya Aftab, an agriculture
expert stressed the need for working on a fair pricing structure for agriculture
products.

She highlighted the issues of agriculture tax and said that some serious
research was needed on imposition of an agriculture income tax while saying that
although agriculture tax would enhance government's revenues but it would not
have poverty inducing effects.

Another expert, Idrees Khawaja said that Public Private Partnership (PPP) has
not delivered due to inadequate research prior to launching the project, heavily
weighted by public sector considerations and ineffective planning.  Khalid Riaz,
another expert from private sector gave a detailed briefing on "An Analysis of
Pakistan's Revealed Comparative Advantage in Agriculture Products."

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                           December 10, 2016 Saturday

Growth linked to cooperative farming

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 277

LENGTH: 465  words


There is a need to promote cooperative farming for the growth of agriculture and
economic progress besides evolving a comprehensive policy for bright future of
agriculture.

These views were expressed by the participants in Jang Economic Session on 'when
agriculture sector situation will be better'. The panellists were Muhammad Ayub,
Rabia Sultan, Dr Anjum Buttar, Tayyab Ali Khan, Mian Fazal Ahmed, and Dr Bilal
Sufi while hosted by Sikandar Lodhi.

Muhammad Ayub said collectively agriculture sector was growing and Pakistan had
become self-sufficient in five major crops. He said cooperative farming could
increase agriculture productivity and national income while practical steps were
required to promote research in agriculture sector. He called for a
comprehensive policy for the agriculture sector besides promoting value addition
rather than giving price support and subsidies.

Rabia Sultan said the importance of agriculture sector in Pakistan's economy was
crucial but there was a need to correct its direction. She said due to lack of
investments in agriculture infrastructure during the last three decades sector
was in loss and billion of dollars worth water wasted every year. She called for
medium and long-term policies for water storage construction along with giving
special incentives to agriculture scientists. She said marketing of agriculture
produce was also the need of the hour which was ignored by successive
governments.

Dr Anjum Buttar said that Punjab had 70 percent of national agriculture produce
of international standards. He said agriculture sector faced issues, including
environment, water shortage and others which hampered its growth potential while
high diesel cost had adversely affected the cost of production. He said the
government was working with FAO and World Bank for agriculture reforms which was
increasing the crops productivity and was likely to increase further in next
three years. Adoption of IT in agriculture sector will pave the way for
accountability and reforms, he observed.

Tayyab Ali Khan said that research on agriculture sector continued in Pakistan.
He said agriculture policy should be made in accordance with the ground
realities to achieve better results. The world has become global shelf and needs
to work in those lines to promote local agriculture produce globally.

Mian Fazal Ahmed said that Pakistan was far behind to achieve agriculture
produce targets despite the fact that nature had bestowed it with all resources
while agriculture exports were less than one percent of the world. He called for
adopting 21st century needs for the development of agriculture sector to resolve
the sector issues. Dr Bilal Sufi said Pakistan's agriculture sector was not
facing production issues but lacking behind in agriculture policy.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Early Times (India)

                            August 27, 2015 Thursday

Agriculture Deptt aghast over Incharge Director appointment

LENGTH: 946 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, Aug. 27 -- The recently appointed new incharge Director Agriculture
Kashmir Syed Altaf Aijaz Andrabi has been placed over and above scores of
seniors in the agriculture production department including Jitender Sharma the
senior most officer confirmed in district cadre by the competent authority. He
occupied the position of Incharge Director Agriculture for more than three
months and was replaced by Haroon Malik a senior KAS Officer only three months
ago.

Meanwhile, senior officers of the agriculture department while seeking immediate
revocation of order appointing Altaf Aijaz Andrabi as incharge director
agriculture Kashmir have alleged that two juniors have been appointed incharge
director agriculture Kashmir and incharge director command area development to
derail the process of departmental promotion committee started for legal
promotions strictly as per seniority. However, minister for agriculture Ghulam
Nabi Lone Hanjura when contacted said that Syed Altaf Aijaz Andrabi will hold
the charge as director agriculture Kashmir just for a month or two till the
final seniority of officers is finalized and the possibility of appointing
senior most officers as full fledged director agriculture Kashmir will be
explored. Highly placed sources said while Jitender Sharma the present Joint
Director Agriculture Inputs (Kashmir) the senior most officer of the Agriculture
Production department is the only officer confirmed by competent authority in
the district cadre, the newly appointed Director Agriculture Kashmir Syed Altaf
Aijaz Andrabi recruited as village extension worker in the year 1984 was
promoted as Agriculture Extension Officer and equivalent on the recommendations
of J&K Public Service Commission vide Commission's letter no:
PSC/DPC/agri/10/2011?dated, 04022013 by the agriculture department vide order
no:113 agri of 2013?dated: 19032013 with retrospective effect from October 1988.
Sources said important to notice for the government was the position of Syed
Altaf Aijaz Andrabi in the overall senior list and the seniority list of village
extension workers in the promotion seniority list of Agriculture Extension
Officers issued vide order no:113 agri of 2013?dated: 19032013. Sources further
revealed that Andrabi stands at S.No:460 in the overall seniority list at at
S.No 36 in the promotion seniority list of the agriculture extension officers
issued vide order no: :113 agri of 2013?dated: 19032013 with retrospective
effect from October 1988. It is in placed to mention here that while inhouse
officers appointed as directors in the agriculture had to go on the charges of
corruption and administrative irregularities, the senior KAS officers appointed
as directors of agriculture department had almost brought the department back on
rails. The fear gripping the employees in agriculture department is the revival
of financial and administrative irregularities witnessed during the reigns of
two former inhouse directors Gh Haider Bhat and Bashir Ahmed Dar. Interestingly
both Gh Haider Bhat and Bashir Ahmed Dar had to face the proceedings before the
anticorruption courts where cases against them were challaned by State Vigilance
Organization (SVO). However Government stung a surprise in last week's cabinet
decision by virtue of which Haroon Malik a senior KAS officer known for his
professional integrity and uprightness was unceremoniously attached with General
Administration Department and Syed Altaf Aijaz Andrabi was asked to look after
the charge of Director Agriculture Kashmir to supercede scores of seniors
including ex incharge director agriculture Kashmir presently holding the charge
of joint director agriculture inputs Kashmir. The other seniors superceded by
Syed Altaf Aijaz Andrabi are Mubarak Reshi 1981 batch officer presently Joint
Director Agriculture (Mushroom), Gh Hassan Guroo 1983 batch officer presently
Joint Director Agriculture (Engineering), S.R. Galotra 1983 batch Officer of
Scheduled Cast category presently, Sudesh Koul 1979 batch officer presently
Joint Director Agriculture (Inputs) Jammu , Sambyal 1983 batch officer presently
Joint Director Fertilizers and Ab Rahim Samoon of Schedule Tribe category 1988
batch officer presently Joint Director Rakhs & Farms. When contacted minister
for agriculture Ghulam Nabi Lone Hanjura told "Syed Altaf Aijaz Andrabi is a
competent and capable officer but we are working on finalization of the
seniority list of officers. He will hold the charge of Director Agriculture
Kashmir just for a month or two till the seniority list of officers is
finalized. The senior most officers will be appointed as full fledged director
agriculture Kashmir but there is no bar on the government that only the senior
most officers is to be appointed as director agriculture Kashmir. In past we had
some KAS officers also who were appointed as director agriculture Kashmir. We
will resolve the issue in a month or two. Meanwhile senior officers of the
agriculture department have condemned the engagement of two juniors Syed Altaf
Aijaz Andrabi and Ashok Malhotra as in charge director agriculture Kashmir and
incharge director command area development Jammu respectively. Warning the
government of dire consequences the officers have immediate revocation of the
said controversial orders which according them have derailed the process of
genuine and legitimate promotion strictly as per seniority through a process
kick started by the departmental promotion committee.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Early Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Early Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Abbotsford Times (British Columbia)

                              May 4, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Agriculture . . . Abbotsford's economic strength; Enjoy that ever-present sweet
smell of success

BYLINE: David D. Hull, Special to the Times

SECTION: THE CHAMBER VOICE; Executive Director's Soapbox; Pg. CV3

LENGTH: 734  words


Agriculture in Abbotsford is not the "poor farmer" and his family scratching out
a subsistence existence off the land. Agriculture is a wealth-creation industry.
As a primary industry, in the same vein as forestry, mining, fishing, oil and
gas, and tourism, agriculture creates wealth and grows the economy at a rate
significantly higher than value added industries or economic activities that
contribute to the GDP.

AGRICULTURE IS BIG BUSINESS IN ABBOTSFORD

There is a continuing widening of the agriculture knowledge gap along the rural
urban divide amongst Abbotsford residents, that creates a diminishing
recognition that agriculture is a true business in the traditional definition
and perception.

Agriculture is, by a significant amount, the largest sector of Abbotsford's
economy. Economic development trends show that no single industry sector is
likely to surpass agriculture within the short or long-term.

Abbotsford is the most industrious agricultural community in the province and,
in fact, the entire country. Abbotsford is home to more than 1,300 farms with
22,500 hectares of land under active cultivation.

A 2008 report prepared by the Abbotsford Chamber of Commerce, in partnership
with the B.C. Ministry of Agriculture, values the economic effect of agriculture
/agri-business in Abbotsford at $1.8 billion annually.

This value represented 20 per cent of the economic activity in the city. In
addition to significant dollar values, agriculture and agri-business created one
in four private sector jobs and one in five of all jobs in the city.

In fact, not only is agriculture big business in Abbotsford it is the largest
concentration of agriculture, measured both by output and dollar value, in
Canada.

Abbotsford is the agriculture capital of Canada.

The complete report can be found at www.abbotsfordchamber.com.

LAND IN RELATIONSHIP TO THE ECONOMIC EFFECT OF AGRICULTURE

Agriculture, by its very nature, is a land-based industry. Ground crops and
livestock operations consume vast areas. Condensed, mainly housed agriculture
operations like poultry, greenhouse, and mushrooms can be very successful and
sustainable on a relatively small foot print of land, often as small as five
acres, relative to their economic output.

The ability of agriculture to grow and develop in the future depends directly on
the quantity, quality and proximity of agriculture land available for expansion.

As with any industry, sustainable growth is a constant and desired objective.

The agriculture industry in Abbotsford is rapidly becoming constrained from
further growth, and by extrapolation additional contribution to the economy, due
to agriculture appropriate lands being permanently diverted to non agriculture
applications.

AGRICULTURE LAND IN ABBOTSFORD

Abbotsford has some of the richest soils in Canada if not all of North America.
The fertile soil, combined with a temperate climate, and an abundance of
reliable water sources creates an ideal location for extensive soil and non-soil
based agriculture.

Agricultural land is, like the adage about water front property, "They are not
making any more of it." Certainly not in the short-term, practical, reality.

As agriculture is a primary wealth creating industry, dependent on a secure and
affordable land base, any erosion of agriculture lands should be a concern and
not undertaken without significant study, consultation and measure of the net
economic effect. Every hectare of land that is diverted to non-wealth generating
agriculture uses has a significant effect on the economy of Abbotsford.

AGRICULTURE IS ESSENTIALL RECESSION PROOF

Abbotsford weathered the world wide economic downturn, that we are just now
emerging from, far less battered and bruised than essentially any other
jurisdiction in Canada. We are especially fortunate in that Canada survived the
whole economic collapse far better than any other country in the world.

Abbotsford's economic resilience can be directly contributed to the stable and
consistent nature of the agriculture industry. As tough as things might be,
folks still need to eat.

A diversity of domestic and export markets coupled with a wide product range
allowed the largest sector of Abbotsford's economy to hardly miss a beat while
the rest of the world was watching their financial position plummet.

The next time there is an "au d' farm" drifting across the valley just remember,
that odour truly is, the smell of money.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Abbotsford Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Woodward News (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

Nominations open for agriculture awards

BYLINE: Kevin Weiss Staff Writer, The Woodward News, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 483 words


Feb. 05--Whether they work as dairymen, cattle ranchers, pork producers, or
wheat farmers, thousands of people in the agriculture industry work hard every
day to contribute to the growth and production of commodities in Oklahoma.

To celebrate the achievements and sacrifices of those in the agriculture
business, the Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food and Forestry (ODAFF) is
accepting nominations for the Governor's Outstanding Achievement Award in
Agriculture along with the introduction of three new awards through Feb 13.

"There are four different awards, but basically, these are all for leaders in
the industry who exemplify personal values, performance and achievement in
Oklahoma agriculture," said ODAFF Market Development Director Jamey Allen.

In 1998, the Governor's Outstanding Achievement Award was created to recognize
those who have helped lead the agriculture industry while demonstrating strong
character.

"The Governor's Outstanding Achievement Award in Agriculture gives us the
opportunity to recognize those individuals who have made a positive and lasting
impact on agriculture in our state," said Oklahoma Secretary of Agriculture Jim
Reese.

The winner of the Governor's Outstanding Achievement Award in Agriculture will
have a framed plaque installed in the Oklahoma Agriculture Hall of Fall display
that's seated inside the ODAFF headquarters in Oklahoma City.

"That's our major award," Allen declared. "Governor Fallin will be presenting
that award to one individual that's really stood out and been in the industry
more than 25 years."

The three new awards being presented for the first time include the Agriculture
Environmental Stewardship Award, Outstanding Public Service in Agriculture Award
and the Outstanding Legacy in Agriculture Award.

"We wanted to take the opportunity to recognize others that excelled in
agriculture fields with different opportunities," said Allen. "They will be
selected by a Governor's Selection Committee."

The Environmental Stewardship Award will recognize an agricultural producer that
has adopted environmentally innovative practices, while the Public Service in
Agriculture Award will recognize someone who works diligently to improve the
public perception of the agriculture industry.

The Legacy in Agriculture Award is the only award strictly for posthumous
nominees who have made significant life-long contributions to Oklahoma
agriculture.

"There will be an awards ceremony on Ag Day, that'll be April 1st," Allen
explained. "It'll be held at the state Capitol in Room 535."

Examples of eligible nominees include those involved in livestock and crop
production, agribusiness, forestry, horticulture and nursery management.

Nomination forms can be found at www.ag.ok.gov/odaff-halloffame.htm

___ (c)2015 The Woodward News (Woodward, Okla.) Visit The Woodward News
(Woodward, Okla.) at woodwardnews.net Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150205-ZR-Nominations-open-for-agriculture-awards-0205-20150205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZR


                        Copyright 2015 The Woodward News


                              19 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           November 5, 2011 Saturday

With more jobs, demand for agriculture courses picks up

BYLINE: Rajendrakumar K R

SECTION: MYSORE

LENGTH: 518 words


MANDYA: With increasing job opportunities in agro-based industries and the need
to produce more agriculture graduates to help farmers improve crop yield,
'agricultural courses' seem to be the most sought after option by students these
days.

Agriculture education has snow-balled due to its numerous job openings as well
as the agriculture sector getting new inevitable dimensions over the recent
years. Owing to rapid growth and unexpected developments in the agriculture
sector in India, lakhs of jobs are being generated for graduates in agriculture
and its allied areas like fertilizers, chemical manufacturing industries, seeds
industry, food technology, agri-banking etc. Moreover, the decreasing arable
land due to rapid urbanization and poor soil structure, crop yields are also
seeing a decrease. To address these issues, agriculture scholarly persons are in
demand to help farmers to increase crop output on their crumpled fields through
scientific ways.

All these factors have instilled confidence among students opting for
agriculture courses. In a significant change, meritorious students are now
joining agriculture courses. Talking to TOI, V T Sannaveerappanavar, dean of
Agriculture College, V C Farm in Mandya, said agriculture education has assumed
much importance for various reasons. According to him, this education sector may
be the only one that does not have unemployment problems.

Sannaveerappanavar said that the Agriculture College, V C Farm, which is
affiliated to Bangalore Agriculture University, offers a four-year BSc course in
agriculture. Besides this, the college has started two new diploma courses for
students from rural backgrounds and farm input dealers respectively. The
two-year diploma course in agriculture is offered to students who have passed
SSLC examinations. Another diploma course with duration of one year is offered
to farm input dealers seeking a diploma in agriculture extension services.
Degree courses like BSc in forestry, horticulture, agriculture biotechnology,
agriculture macro, sericulture, BTech in agriculture engineering and food
sciences, are offered at the Bangalore Agriculture University, he added.

"Not even a single agriculture graduate is unemployed due to non availability of
jobs anywhere in the state. We need more agriculture graduates to meet the new
and old versions of problems like crop diseases, soil erosion and diminishing
soil fertility. However, their numbers are very minimal," said
Sannaveerappanavar.

"I have for opted agriculture course to help farmers. Since my childhood days, I
dreamt to serve the country. My first choice was medical profession. However,
due to some reasons I failed to get into medical education. But, now I feel
proud to have opted for the agriculture course, as it has more service
potentiality," said Asha Nayar, a meritorious student from Kerala studying in
second year BSc agriculture.

"I want to educate my village people about the judicious use of water in my
parched Kolar district after completing my course," said Archana, second year
BSc agriculture student.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                             March 27, 2011 Sunday

The ag gender gap: Women in Mississippi find myriad of opportunities in
agriculture industry

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 851  words


Certainty is hard to come by. The only thing certain in Lindsey Ellzey's life is
uncertainty. A farmer in Jones County, Ellzey feels there ought to be more
awareness of and support for women in agriculture in Mississippi, and she is one
of many females in agriculture-related endeavors welcoming the upcoming
Mississippi Women for Agriculture Conference at Mississippi State in Starkville.

"I wake up every day and wonder what hat I am going to be asked to wear," said
Ellzey, who along with her husband, Jason, runs a mixed farming operation of
poultry, cattle and blueberries. "Jason tells me all the time that he depends on
me to help make decisions about our operations. I'm not just a bookkeeper - I am
part of the decision-making process. "

Joan Thompson took a break from her work to speak to the Mississippi Business
Journal for this story. She was busy with her apiary near Philadelphia, which is
in the process of being expanding from 125 beehives to 200.

"There is no better place to raise a family than on a farm," Thompson said. She
is a member of the Mississippi Farm Bureau Federation's Women's Committee, and
said more needs to be done to encourage women to look at agriculture as a viable
career. "I don't have any female friends who are farmers. We have to do more to
encourage them," she added.

Ellzey, who is also active with the Farm Bureau Federation, said she, too, has
no female farmer-friends, and education is much needed. "When I first started
promoting the Farm Bureau, most people in this area thought they were only about
insurance," she said.

Both Ellzey and Thompson expressed their support for the Women for Agriculture
Conference, which will be held April 12-14 at the Bost Extension Center on the
Starkville campus of Mississippi State University. This is not the
organization's first conference, but it does mark something of a beginning.

Mississippi Women for Agriculture is a continuation of the MSU and partners'
Women in Agriculture education program. The group looks to increase the
knowledge and skills of women in all aspects of farm and agribusiness management
through educational and networking opportunities.

Sylvia Clark, vice president of Mississippi Women for Agriculture, said her
association began as Women in Agriculture a couple of years ago, funded by a
grant that has since expired. So, the group is reorganizing. It has established
bylaws and changed its name to Mississippi Women for Agriculture.

"We changed the name from Women in Agriculture to Women for Agriculture to
stress that there are plenty of agriculture-related careers available to women
beyond the farm," Clark said. "The mission of the organization is helping women
understand different aspects of agriculture such as risk management, credit and
marketing. "

Among the many activities planned for the Starkville conference include election
of new officers of Women for Agriculture (previous officers were volunteers),
presentation of the Dianne Evans Lecture Award, networking and a forestry tour.

New this year is a forum of the candidates for Mississippi's next agriculture
commissioner. Candidates Max Phillips, Dannie Reed and Sen. Cindy Hyde-Smith
have already committed to attend.

If Hyde-Smith were elected, she would be Mississippi's first female agriculture
commissioner. Hyde-Smith, who runs a three-state cattle operation headquartered
in Brookhaven, said she knows if elected she would help open women's eyes that
agriculture is a viable career for them, and that she "feels the responsibility.
"

"I want to promote agriculture in general, but I feel even more responsibility
for our female farmers," Hyde-Smith said. "I want to help raise the comfort
level of women when it comes to agriculture.

"Usually, unless a woman is raised on a farm she never considers agriculture as
a career. They see it as a male-dominated field. In a way, agriculture has an
image problem. "

Dr. Maifan Silitonga agrees. She is currently serving as interim director of
Alcorn State University's School of Agriculture, Research, Extension and Applied
Sciences, or AREAS.

In her role, she advises farmers about water quality and how it effects
agriculture production. Silitonga says she sees few females in her education
programs, which does not surprise her. What does have her concerned, however, is
that women largely do not understand that there are a myriad of opportunities
for women in agriculture beyond just running a farm.

"I am a woman in agriculture, but I don't go out and farm. I got my Ph.D. so I
wouldn't have to do that," Silitonga said with a laugh. "There are so many
opportunities for women beyond ag production. I am an example. "

Silitonga said women have skills that fit well in agriculture - attention to
detail, ability to multi-task and nurturing.

When asked if electing a female agriculture commissioner would help raise
awareness among women of agriculture as a career, Silitonga expressed some
reservations.

"I was hired here for my ability," Silitonga said. "It had nothing to with my
gender. Personally, I want an agriculture commissioner who is effective. I don't
care about gender. "

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           December 31, 2015 Thursday

UPCAR demands to set up agriculture commission

LENGTH: 714 words

DATELINE: Lucknow


Lucknow, Dec. 31 -- UP council of agriculture Research (UPCAR) has demanded from
the state government to set up agriculture commission and also ensure
remunerative minimum support price for the agriculture produce.

The director general of the UPCAR Dr Rajendra Kumar said here on Wednesday that
the state government should set up agriculture commission to look into the
problem o f the farmers and suggest long terms corrective measures. He said the
commission even with one year term should be set up by the government.

The DG regretted that the state government has either ignored or taken no action
on the large number of recommendations made by the UPCAR for the improvement in
the agriculture sector. He said in protest against the government indifference
he had tendered his resignation but was persuaded by the chairman to withdraw. "
The state government tells us that your job is to give the recommendations and
it's our discretion whether to act or not'', said the DG.

Regretting the delay in enactment of the "UP State agriculture university Bill
2014, the DG said the bill has suffered inordinate delay due to the indifference
of the state bureaucracy and government. he said the "UP state agriculture
universities bill 2014' aims to promote training extension programme and
research in agriculture sector. UPCAR, the apex body for coordinating the
research and development among various state agriculture universities and also
funding the development activities.

"We are a toothless organization with huge responsibilities but no authority to
execute the work. If some university or the agriculture college funded by us
fails to perform we can only refer the matter to the state government which in
turn never takes any action'', said the DG.

"A cursory analysis of the work done by the vice chancellors reveals that the
career of the agriculture scientists is ruined even for small lapses while the
bureaucrats goes scot free even after committing lapses of monumental scale. A
bureaucrats takes important decisions in a closed room and they are endorsed at
every level of the government even if they are not in the interest of the people
and actually end up in harming the interest of the state'', said Dr Rajendra
Kumar.

Lamenting the indifference of the bureaucracy towards the "draft bill' the DG
said " the first draft of the bill was drafted as per the recommendation of Dr
Saroja Raman committee report and sent to the state government in 19956, the
government decided to review the bill and set up one more committee. Another
committee was set up by the government in 2010 and a revised 'draft bill' was
sent to the government which returned the draft bill''.

"In 2013 the Agriculture production commissioner set up high level task force to
draft fresh bill. Fresh bill was vetted by the Indian council of agriculture
research, Agriculture Science congress and all the vice chancellors of state
agriculture universities and sent to the state government in October 2014. The
principal secretary of the agriculture department is not willing to cede its
powers to the agriculture scientists and adamant on maintaining the dominance of
the bureaucracy on agriculture education and research. The fate of the bill is
still hanging in balance'', said the DG UPCAR.

He said the present law "UP state agriculture and technology university act 1958
is 58 years old and most of its provision have turned archaic and needs
immediate revision to make it relevant as the technology at all level of
agriculture and farming has undergone a sea change. He said the 'draft bill'
pending with the state government, if Legislated will go a long way in improving
the education standards in state agriculture universities and colleges and also
give a boost to the agriculture research. Presently there are 4 agriculture
universities in the state-Kanpur, Meerut, Faizadab and banda and one deemed
university at Allahabad, one veterinary collage at Mathura, 37 agriculture
colleges affiliated with non agriculture state universities and 14 institutions
run by the Indian council of agriculture research.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                            April 13, 2013 Saturday

Devolution of agri subject to provinces still hanging in balance

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. X No. 102

LENGTH: 642  words


Despite approval of 18th Amendment in the parliament with emphasis on devolution
of agriculture subject to provinces, the fate of agriculture subject is still
hanging in balance.

Eight subjects which had became redundant have been abolished and 15 major
functions of the Ministry of Food and Agriculture (MinFA) have been separated
and distributed among the federal ministries and departments and there was no
actual devolution of the agriculture subject have taken place to the provinces.

In major industrial and agriculture economies like United States, China, India,
Japan, Korea and England agriculture is the federal subject and full fledge
federal agriculture ministry's are functioning at their federal level.

The reason explained in this regard by the officials is decisions relating to
import and export of agriculture commodities, policy making for agriculture
sector, incentivisation of agriculture sector on equal basis conducting research
extension of this research to farmers needs it to maintain agriculture subject
at federal level.

Two provinces remain surplus in wheat and two always remain in deficit in wheat
production in accordance with their wheat requirements and it is the federal
government which ensures arrangement of agriculture commodities for the deficit
provinces from surplus provinces through local production or imports, explained
the officials.

The official explained Department of Plant Protection, Agriculture Policy
Institute, Pakistan Agriculture Research Council, Pakistan Central Cotton
Committee, coordination among marine and fisheries departments, protection and
monitoring of crops from pest and other attacks, developing different verities
of seeds for batter production of crops, experiments of different verities of
seeds of different crops in different provinces and other important initiatives
need federal level involvement in agriculture affairs.

The other justifications for maintaining agriculture subject at federal level,
as explained by the officials is nine international organisations relating to
agriculture like FAO, IFAD, UNICEF and agriculture departments of major
economies having strong interest in agriculture always coordinate with federal
governments instead of units of a federation.

Not a single province has the capacity to coordinate with these international
organisations and they still need federal coordination between them.

Similarly the distribution of water for agriculture is federal subject with
Indus River System Authority as federal regulator and this is vital for ensuring
equal opportunities for each federating unit to get due share of water for its
agriculture with involvement of centre for ensuring food security at national
level.

Constitution of Pakistan is still silent on the issue of agriculture, weather it
would remain with centre or to be transferred to the provinces, said the
official sources.

The officials at Ministry of Food Security and Planning Commission believed at
the time of the preparation of the 18th Amendment, the official concerned
remained unable to defend the retaining the agriculture subject with centre.

Or otherwise, the architects of the 18th Amendment were with a mindset for its
transfer to the provinces without knowing the negative implications on this
productive sector of the economy.

The official sources explained with the creation of Federal Ministry for Food
Security at federal level and no devolution of major functions to provinces have
proved a faulty decision making on the agriculture subject.

The abolishing or deletion of many functions of MinFA while creating of Food
Security Ministry has also resulted in loss of references that were needed and
were available for agriculture growth strategies. This was a vast treasure of
information, data and research that was once available, have been lost in the
decision making process.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           November 5, 2011 Saturday

With more jobs, demand for agriculture courses picks up

BYLINE: Rajendrakumar K R

SECTION: MYSORE

LENGTH: 536 words


MANDYA: With increasing job opportunities in agro-based industries and the need
to produce more agriculture graduates to help farmers improve crop yield,
'agricultural courses' seem to be the most sought after option by students these
days.

<br/><br/>

Agriculture education has snow-balled due to its numerous job openings as well
as the agriculture sector getting new inevitable dimensions over the recent
years. Owing to rapid growth and unexpected developments in the agriculture
sector in India, lakhs of jobs are being generated for graduates in agriculture
and its allied areas like fertilizers, chemical manufacturing industries, seeds
industry, food technology, agri-banking etc. Moreover, the decreasing arable
land due to rapid urbanization and poor soil structure, crop yields are also
seeing a decrease. To address these issues, agriculture scholarly persons are in
demand to help farmers to increase crop output on their crumpled fields through
scientific ways.

<br/><br/>

All these factors have instilled confidence among students opting for
agriculture courses. In a significant change, meritorious students are now
joining agriculture courses. Talking to TOI, V T Sannaveerappanavar, dean of
Agriculture College, V C Farm in Mandya, said agriculture education has assumed
much importance for various reasons. According to him, this education sector may
be the only one that does not have unemployment problems.

<br/><br/>

Sannaveerappanavar said that the Agriculture College, V C Farm, which is
affiliated to Bangalore Agriculture University, offers a four-year BSc course in
agriculture. Besides this, the college has started two new diploma courses for
students from rural backgrounds and farm input dealers respectively. The
two-year diploma course in agriculture is offered to students who have passed
SSLC examinations. Another diploma course with duration of one year is offered
to farm input dealers seeking a diploma in agriculture extension services.
Degree courses like BSc in forestry, horticulture, agriculture biotechnology,
agriculture macro, sericulture, BTech in agriculture engineering and food
sciences, are offered at the Bangalore Agriculture University, he added.

<br/><br/>

<br/><br/>

"Not even a single agriculture graduate is unemployed due to non availability of
jobs anywhere in the state. We need more agriculture graduates to meet the new
and old versions of problems like crop diseases, soil erosion and diminishing
soil fertility. However, their numbers are very minimal," said
Sannaveerappanavar.

<br/><br/>

"I have for opted agriculture course to help farmers. Since my childhood days, I
dreamt to serve the country. My first choice was medical profession. However,
due to some reasons I failed to get into medical education. But, now I feel
proud to have opted for the agriculture course, as it has more service
potentiality," said Asha Nayar, a meritorious student from Kerala studying in
second year BSc agriculture.

<br/><br/>

"I want to educate my village people about the judicious use of water in my
parched Kolar district after completing my course," said Archana, second year
BSc agriculture student.

<meta name="cmsei" content="cms.next"/>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday

Punjab, WB to ink accord for agriculture development

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 199

LENGTH: 635  words


A delegation of the World Bank's Agriculture and Rural Transformation Mission
led by Country Director Patchamuthu Illangovan met Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif
here Wednesday and discussed with him the matters regarding development of
agriculture sector and strengthening of markets for agriculture and rural
transformation in Punjab.

According to a handout, speaking on the occasion, the chief minister said that
Pakistan was an agrarian country and agriculture sector was the backbone of its
economy. He said that development of agriculture sector could help strengthen
national economy and achieve the target of self-sufficiency.

He said that Punjab government would welcome cooperation of the World Bank in
the development of agriculture sector.

He said that provincial government wanted to benefit from the experience of the
World Bank experts for development of agriculture sector and increase in
per-acre yield. He said that an agreement of cooperation would be signed between
Punjab government and the World Bank for development of agriculture sector.

Shahbaz Sharif said that the World Bank was an important partner of Punjab
government in the programme of development of social sectors, and several
programmes were running in the province with its cooperation for the provision
of basic amenities to the masses.

He said that the World Bank was extending commendable cooperation for the
development of social sectors, and measures would be taken to increase its
cooperation in agriculture sector.

The chief minister said that Punjab government had given a historic package of
Rs 100 billion to increase per-acre yield and prosperity of small cultivators.

He said the programme for provision of interest-free loans to small cultivators
had been started and the loans were being given in a highly transparent manner
with the help of modern technology.

Shahbaz Sharif said the Punjab Agriculture Commission had also been established
for development of agriculture sector and solution to the problems of
cultivators while a high-level committee had been constituted for evolving an
agriculture policy. He said that measures were also been taken for the
establishment of Small Farmers Development Corporation.

The chief minister said that future of Punjab was linked with agriculture and
development of agriculture sector could help strengthen the provincial economy.
He said that agriculture research could go a long way in increasing agricultural
production. He said that transfer of results of the latest research to farmers
was of vital importance, therefore, extension services were being activated. He
said that comprehensive reforms were being introduced in the seed industry. He
said that agriculture experts of the World Bank had given excellent
recommendation for the development of agriculture sector in the province and
full benefit would be taken of their experience and skills.

Country Director of the World Bank Patchamuthu Illangovan assured that all-out
cooperation would be extended to Punjab government for development of
agriculture sector. He said that there was a vast potential for development of
agriculture sector in Punjab and the World Bank with work with the provincial
government to fully utilise this potential. He said that the best agriculture
scientists of the world had been appointed in Islamabad, and working with them
would leave a positive impact on agriculture sector in the province.

The World Bank team included Agriculture Senior Director Juregen Voegele and
Agriculture Senior Economist Johannes Georges Pius Jansen.

Provincial Ministers Dr Farrukh Javed, Yawar Zaman, Ayesha Ghaus Pasha, Special
Assistant on Livestock Arshad Jutt, Advisor Dr Ejaz Nabi, chief secretary, Board
of Revenue senior member, Planning and Development chairman and agriculture
experts were also present.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              China Business News

                       August 7, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Research and Markets: Global and Chinese Agriculture Tractor Industry 2010-2015,
2015-2020

LENGTH: 379  words


Aug. 7 -- Research and Markets
(http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/rbk3pc/global_and) has announced the
addition of the "Global and Chinese Agriculture Tractor Industry, 2010-2020
Market Research Report" report to their offering.

Market Research Report on Global and Chinese Agriculture Tractor Industry,
2010-2020 is a professional and in-depth market survey on Global and Chinese
Agriculture Tractor industry.

The report firstly reviews the basic information of Agriculture Tractor
including its classification, application and manufacturing technology. The
report then explores global and China's top manufacturers of Agriculture
Tractors listing their product specification, capacity, production value, and
market share etc. The report further analyzes quantitatively 2010-2015 global
and China's total market of Agriculture Tractors by calculation of main economic
parameters of each company.

Scope

* The breakdown data of Agriculture Tractor market are presented by company, by
country, and by application.

* The report also estimates 2015-2020 market development of Agriculture Tractor
Industry.

* The report then analyzes the upstream raw materials, downstream clients, and
current market dynamics of Agriculture Tractor Industry.

* The report makes some proposals for a new project of Agriculture Tractor
Industry and a new project of Agriculture Tractor Industry before evaluating its
feasibility.

* The report provides an in-depth insight of 2010-2015 global and China
Agriculture Tractor industry covering all important parameters.

Key Topics Covered:

1. Introduction of Agriculture Tractor Industry

2. Manufacturing Technology of Agriculture Tractors

3. Analysis of Global Key Manufacturers

4. 2010-2015 Global and China Market of Agriculture Tractors

5. Market Status of Agriculture Tractor Industry

6. Market Forecast of 2015-2020 Global and China Agriculture Tractor Industry

7. Analysis of Agriculture Tractor Industry Chain

8. Global and China Economic Impact on Agriculture Tractor Industry

9. Market Dynamics and Policy of Agriculture Tractor Industry

10. Proposals for New Project

11. Research Conclusions of Global and China Agriculture Tractor Industry

For more information visit
http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/rbk3pc/global_and

Source: Research and Markets

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             India Automobile News

                       August 7, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Research and Markets: Global, Chinese Agriculture Tractor Industry 2010-2015,
2015-2020

LENGTH: 379  words


Aug. 7 -- Research and Markets
(http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/rbk3pc/global_and) has announced the
addition of the "Global and Chinese Agriculture Tractor Industry, 2010-2020
Market Research Report" report to their offering.

Market Research Report on Global and Chinese Agriculture Tractor Industry,
2010-2020 is a professional and in-depth market survey on Global and Chinese
Agriculture Tractor industry.

The report firstly reviews the basic information of Agriculture Tractor
including its classification, application and manufacturing technology. The
report then explores global and China's top manufacturers of Agriculture
Tractors listing their product specification, capacity, production value, and
market share etc. The report further analyzes quantitatively 2010-2015 global
and China's total market of Agriculture Tractors by calculation of main economic
parameters of each company.

Scope

* The breakdown data of Agriculture Tractor market are presented by company, by
country, and by application.

* The report also estimates 2015-2020 market development of Agriculture Tractor
Industry.

* The report then analyzes the upstream raw materials, downstream clients, and
current market dynamics of Agriculture Tractor Industry.

* The report makes some proposals for a new project of Agriculture Tractor
Industry and a new project of Agriculture Tractor Industry before evaluating its
feasibility.

* The report provides an in-depth insight of 2010-2015 global and China
Agriculture Tractor industry covering all important parameters.

Key Topics Covered:

1. Introduction of Agriculture Tractor Industry

2. Manufacturing Technology of Agriculture Tractors

3. Analysis of Global Key Manufacturers

4. 2010-2015 Global and China Market of Agriculture Tractors

5. Market Status of Agriculture Tractor Industry

6. Market Forecast of 2015-2020 Global and China Agriculture Tractor Industry

7. Analysis of Agriculture Tractor Industry Chain

8. Global and China Economic Impact on Agriculture Tractor Industry

9. Market Dynamics and Policy of Agriculture Tractor Industry

10. Proposals for New Project

11. Research Conclusions of Global and China Agriculture Tractor Industry

For more information visit
http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/rbk3pc/global_and

Source: Research and Markets

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             India Automobile News

                       August 7, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Research and Markets: Global, Chinese Agriculture Tractor Industry 2010-2015,
2015-2020

LENGTH: 379  words


Aug. 7 -- Research and Markets
(http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/rbk3pc/global_and) has announced the
addition of the "Global and Chinese Agriculture Tractor Industry, 2010-2020
Market Research Report" report to their offering.

Market Research Report on Global and Chinese Agriculture Tractor Industry,
2010-2020 is a professional and in-depth market survey on Global and Chinese
Agriculture Tractor industry.

The report firstly reviews the basic information of Agriculture Tractor
including its classification, application and manufacturing technology. The
report then explores global and China's top manufacturers of Agriculture
Tractors listing their product specification, capacity, production value, and
market share etc. The report further analyzes quantitatively 2010-2015 global
and China's total market of Agriculture Tractors by calculation of main economic
parameters of each company.

Scope

* The breakdown data of Agriculture Tractor market are presented by company, by
country, and by application.

* The report also estimates 2015-2020 market development of Agriculture Tractor
Industry.

* The report then analyzes the upstream raw materials, downstream clients, and
current market dynamics of Agriculture Tractor Industry.

* The report makes some proposals for a new project of Agriculture Tractor
Industry and a new project of Agriculture Tractor Industry before evaluating its
feasibility.

* The report provides an in-depth insight of 2010-2015 global and China
Agriculture Tractor industry covering all important parameters.

Key Topics Covered:

1. Introduction of Agriculture Tractor Industry

2. Manufacturing Technology of Agriculture Tractors

3. Analysis of Global Key Manufacturers

4. 2010-2015 Global and China Market of Agriculture Tractors

5. Market Status of Agriculture Tractor Industry

6. Market Forecast of 2015-2020 Global and China Agriculture Tractor Industry

7. Analysis of Agriculture Tractor Industry Chain

8. Global and China Economic Impact on Agriculture Tractor Industry

9. Market Dynamics and Policy of Agriculture Tractor Industry

10. Proposals for New Project

11. Research Conclusions of Global and China Agriculture Tractor Industry

For more information visit
http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/rbk3pc/global_and

Source: Research and Markets

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                            April 13, 2013 Saturday

Devolution of agri subject to provinces still hanging in balance

LENGTH: 679 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, April 13 -- Despite approval of 18th Amendment in the parliament with
emphasis on devolution of agriculture subject to provinces, the fate of
agriculture subject is still hanging in balance.

Eight subjects which had became redundant have been abolished and 15 major
functions of the Ministry of Food and Agriculture (MinFA) have been separated
and distributed among the federal ministries and departments and there was no
actual devolution of the agriculture subject have taken place to the provinces.

In major industrial and agriculture economies like United States, China, India,
Japan, Korea and England agriculture is the federal subject and full fledge
federal agriculture ministries are functioning at their federal level.

The reason explained in this regard by the officials is decisions relating to
import and export of agriculture commodities, policy making for agriculture
sector, incentivisation of agriculture sector on equal basis conducting research
extension of this research to farmers needs it to maintain agriculture subject
at federal level.

Two provinces remain surplus in wheat and two always remain in deficit in wheat
production in accordance with their wheat requirements and it is the federal
government which ensures arrangement of agriculture commodities for the deficit
provinces from surplus provinces through local production or imports, explained
the officials.

The official explained Department of Plant Protection, Agriculture Policy
Institute, Pakistan Agriculture Research Council, Pakistan Central Cotton
Committee, coordination among marine and fisheries departments, protection and
monitoring of crops from pest and other attacks, developing different verities
of seeds for batter production of crops, experiments of different verities of
seeds of different crops in different provinces and other important initiatives
need federal level involvement in agriculture affairs.

The other justifications for maintaining agriculture subject at federal level,
as explained by the officials is nine international organisations relating to
agriculture like FAO, IFAD, UNICEF and agriculture departments of major
economies having strong interest in agriculture always coordinate with federal
governments instead of units of a federation.

Not a single province has the capacity to coordinate with these international
organisations and they still need federal coordination between them.

Similarly the distribution of water for agriculture is federal subject with
Indus River System Authority as federal regulator and this is vital for ensuring
equal opportunities for each federating unit to get due share of water for it's
agriculture with involvement of centre for ensuring food security at national
level.

Constitution of Pakistan is still silent on the issue of agriculture, weather it
would remain with centre or to be transferred to the provinces, said the
official sources.

The officials at Ministry of Food Security and Planning Commission believed at
the time of the preparation of the 18th Amendment, the official concerned
remained unable to defend the retaining the agriculture subject with centre.

Or otherwise, the architects of the 18th Amendment were with a mindset for it's
transfer to the provinces without knowing the negative implications on this
productive sector of the economy.

The official sources explained with the creation of Federal Ministry for Food
Security at federal level and no devolution of major functions to provinces have
proved a faulty decision making on the agriculture subject.

The abolishing or deletion of may functions of MinFA while creating of Food
Security Ministry has also resulted in loss of references that were needed and
were available for agriculture growth strategies. This was a vast treasure of
information, data and research that was once available, have been lost in the
decision making process. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily
Times. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                           November 9, 2011 Wednesday

MP Agriculture institute tie up with Dutch varsity for technical know-how

LENGTH: 398 words

DATELINE: BHOPAL


BHOPAL, Nov. 9 -- The central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh will get technical
know-how on increasing agriculture produce from an agriculture university of
Holland (Netherlands).

An understanding was reached in this regard between the state agriculture
department and Holland agriculture university at the meeting held in New Delhi
on Monday. The meeting was held between Dr. M.J. Croff, vice president and
Rector of Wageningen Agriculture University, Mr. J.N. Frogens, Coordinator for
Asia, and Mr. Wan Wikel, chairman Quality Management, and Director Research Dr.
H.S. Yadav of Rajmata Vijayaraje Scindia Agriculture University and Mr. P.K.
Dash, Managing Director of M.P. Trifed, and Prof. R.S. Sharma of Agriculture
University, an official spokesman said.

It was agreed at the meeting that the students of state Agriculture University
will go to Agriculture University of Holland for technical know-how with regard
to agriculture, horticulture, floriculture, food processing etc. Along with the
students of Agriculture University, professors, teaching staff will also visit
Holland for study and research work to increase agriculture production in state.

Holland Agriculture University will select students and professor and give them
scholarship for higher studies and research. short term and long term training
will be organised to give them necessary training in the required field. Apart
from Agriculture Holland also has the expertise in the field of Horticulture,
Floriculture, Food Processing etc.

Director Research Mr. Yadav of Rajmata Scindia Agriculture University informed
that about 300 students have graduated, 192 post graduate and 36 students are
enrolled for their Ph.D. A team from Agriculture University will be visiting
Holland next year in Feb to meet with the Agriculture Scientist to discuss the
future plans with regards to study exchange programme. Exam will be organised
for selection of students going to Holland Agriculture University.

It may be mentioned here that a high level delegation from Madhya Pradesh
visited Holland from November 1 to 5. The delegation included Industries
Minister Mr. Kailash Vijayvargiya and officials of the state Agriculture
Department. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            December 24, 2006 Sunday

Renmin Ribao editorial calling for developing modern agriculture in China

LENGTH: 1845 words


Text of report by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News Agency)

Beijing, 23 December: The central meeting on rural work, which has just
concluded, has thoroughly analysed the current situation, studied and made
arrangements for the agricultural and rural work next year, and put forward a
series of policies and measures with even clearer aims focusing on actively
developing modern agriculture. This definitely will produce an important impact
on promoting the building of a new socialist countryside in a down-to-earth
manner.

Since the beginning of this year, various localities and various departments
have comprehensively implemented the scientific development concept and
seriously implemented the central arrangements. The building of a new socialist
countryside has progressed smoothly and has made a good start. Despite the
repeated occurrence of natural disasters, grain output has continued to grow,
the peasants' income has increased in a sustained manner, comprehensive rural
reform has moved forward in a steady manner, social undertakings in the rural
areas have been obviously strengthened, the rural areas have become more
harmonious and stable, and a good momentum of sustained development has appeared
in agriculture and in the rural areas. All this has provided an important
support to the overall situation of the economic and social development of the
country.

However, the better the situation is, the more is it necessary for us to remain
sober-headed, be prepared for danger in times of peace, and be always on the
alert. We must be aware that the agriculture of our country has a fragile
foundation, its facilities are backward, the basic situation of depending on the
climate has not been changed, the peasants have difficulty in finding a job, the
basic situation of the difficulty in increasing the peasants' income has not
been changed, the economic and social development between the urban and rural
areas is imbalanced, the basic situation of a widening gap between the urban and
rural areas has not been changed, and the development of agriculture and the
rural areas remains to be in a difficult stage of going uphill. We must
strengthen our sense of a possible crisis and our sense of urgency, must not
waver in the least in upholding the strategic idea that resolving the "three
rural issues" [the issues of agriculture, peasants, and rural areas] is the top
priority of the work of the whole party, must not relax in the least our efforts
to fulfil the important task of promoting the steady development of agriculture
and the sustained increase in the peasants' income, must not weaken in the least
the policies for supporting and benefiting agriculture, and must not relax in
the least our efforts to earnestly promote various aspects of work for building
a new countryside. At present and for a considerable long period in the future,
we must focus efforts on developing modern agriculture, make clearer the
direction and make more outstanding the key points for various localities to
build a new countryside, concentrate everyone's attention on developing
production, and guide the enthusiasm of everyone to reinforcing the industrial
basis for building a new countryside.

To develop modern agriculture is the objective requirement in comprehensively
implementing the scientific development concept. The agriculture of our country
is in a crucial period of changing itself from being traditional to being
modern, is restrained both by resources and the environment, and is faced with
the challenges of both the domestic and international markets. We must make
efforts to change the mode of growth and optimize the structure and the layout
of agriculture, use natural resources and production factors intensively and in
an economizing manner, reduce surface pollution of resources, protect the
ecological environment, speed up the modernization of the means of production,
the mode of production and the production ideas of agriculture, and really put
the development agriculture and the rural areas on the track of scientific
development.

To develop modern agriculture is the most important task in the building of a
new socialist countryside. No matter whether we want to ensure grain security or
promote the increase in the peasants' income and no matter whether we want to
deal with international competition or promote sustained industrialization and
urbanization and solve agricultural problems at a deeper level, we must speed up
the development of modern agriculture. We must use modern material conditions to
equip agriculture, use modern science and technology to transform agriculture,
use modern industrial systems to upgrade agriculture, use modern forms of
management to push forward agriculture, use modern development concepts to guide
agriculture, develop agriculture by means of training a new type of peasants,
raise the level of water conservation, mechanization and informatization of
agriculture, increase the output rate of land, the rate of using resources and
labour productivity, and improve the quality and benefits and increase the
competitiveness of agriculture.

To promote the building of modern agriculture, we must increase the input of
funds by a big margin. We must seize the current opportunity of relatively fast
economic development and relatively big increase in financial revenue, and,
centring closely round increasing input into modern agriculture, continue to
consolidate, improve and strengthen policies for supporting and benefiting
agriculture, arouse the enthusiasm of the peasants for growing grain and the
enthusiasm of localities for paying greater attention to grasping grain
production, amplify the system for subsidizing agriculture, establish a
mechanism for guarding against risks in agriculture, increase the efforts of
industry to support agriculture and the efforts of cities to support the rural
areas, and encourage the peasants and social forces to make investment in modern
agriculture. Governments at various levels should earnestly shift the key points
of the construction of infrastructure and the development of social undertakings
to the rural areas, strengthen weak links, raise the level of the equipment and
facilities of modern agriculture, make great efforts to properly construct water
conservation works, earnestly improve the quality of farmland, and increase the
capacity for the sustained development of agriculture.

To promote the building of modern agriculture, we must increase the support of
science, technology and capable personnel. Our country has a large population,
insufficient farmland, a serious shortage of fresh water and a fragile economic
environment. The key to opening up broad prospects for agricultural development
lies in speeding up agricultural science and technology innovation, speed up the
transformation and application of agricultural science and technology
achievements, and increase the contribution rate of science and technology to
the growth of agriculture. At the same time, we must bring into play the
advantage of the human resources in the rural areas of our country,
comprehensively improve the quality of rural laborers, and train a contingent of
capable personnel for building modern agriculture who are well-educated, have
mastered technology and are proficient in management.

To promote the building of modern agriculture, we must perfect the industrial
system and the market system. We must meet the people's diversified material and
cultural needs, and, on the basis of steadily developing grain production,
constantly develop multiple functions of agriculture, speed up the healthy
development of fish breeding and poultry raising, the industry for processing
agricultural produce and agriculture with special characteristics, and make
great efforts to promote the industrialized management of agriculture. We must
develop logistical industry that meets the needs of modern agriculture,
strengthen the construction of infrastructure for distribution in the rural
areas, develop modern ways for distribution and a new type of distribution
industry, cultivate pluralistic and multilevel market distribution main bodies,
and build an open, unified, competitive and orderly market system.

To promote the building of modern agriculture, we must innovate mechanisms and
structures and provide powerful organizational support. We must seize
conspicuous problems that restrict rural economic and social development,
continue to deepen comprehensive rural reform, and make overall planning for
promoting the reform of the rural financial structure, the rural distribution
structure, the land requisition system, the system of the rights over forests of
collectives and other kinds of reform. Strengthening the party's leadership over
rural work is our party's tradition and important principle. The whole party
must attach great importance to the "three rural issues" and earnestly, firmly
and properly grasp the building of modern agriculture, regarding it as an
important item on the agenda. We must keep in line with the new situation of
profound changes in the rural economy and society, readjust our ideas for work,
change our work style, improve our work methods, go deep down to the rural
areas, the grass-roots level and among the masses of people, and ensure the
implementation of the party's policies for resolving the "three rural issues."

The building of modern agriculture is a long-term arduous task that runs through
the whole process of the building of a new countryside and the modernization of
agriculture. The process of building modern agriculture is a process of
transforming traditional agriculture and constantly developing the rural
productive forces, and is a process of changing the mode of the growth of
agriculture and promoting better and faster development of agriculture. The
rural areas of our country spread over a vast area and the level of their
development is greatly different. Both in the eastern region and in the central
and western regions, we must proceed from reality, follow objective laws, start
with issues that will benefit the peasants most, that most urgently need a
solution and whose conditions for a solution are most available, base ourselves
on the present, have our eyes on the future, move forward in a down-to-earth
manner with key points, in a planned way and step by step, guard against
divorcing from reality and being overanxious for quick results, and ensure
smooth progress and actual results in building modern agriculture.

To actively develop modern agriculture and earnestly promote the building of a
new socialist countryside are of great significance and are formidable tasks. We
must be more determined, exert ourselves harder, and make more solid efforts to
enable the building of modern agriculture to take an important step forward and
to make a new breakthrough so as to usher in the convocation of the 17th CCP
National Congress with outstanding achievements.

Source: Xinhua news agency domestic service, Beijing, in Chinese 1119 gmt 23 Dec
06

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2006 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (Pakistan)

                            December 4, 2012 Tuesday

CM launches mechanised farming project

LENGTH: 697 words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, Dec. 4 -- Chief Minister Amir Haider Khan Hoti has formally launched
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Mechanised Farming Project/Agriculture Policy at Tarnab Farm
on Monday.

He said that project of mechanised farming and agriculture policy will prove
harbinger of progress in active government functionaries, financial improvement
of farmers and progress in agriculture production.

He said that the project will make available modern technology, environment and
facilities to enable farmers to yield more production from their limited areas.
Provincial Agriculture Minister Arbab Muhammad Ayub Jan, Provincial Minister For
Animal Husbandry Haji Hidayat Ullah, MPA Saqib Chamkani, administrative
secretaries of agriculture, livestock and fishery departments, vice chancellor
agriculture university, faculty members, agriculturists, scientists and farmers
were also present on the occasion.

The CM said that increase in responsibilities of government in agriculture
sector due to 18th amendment, agriculture policy congruent to modern needs was
needed.

He said that 10 years agriculture policy with assistance of F.A.O, has been
prepared bearing self-sufficiency in agriculture and achievement of priorities
in mind, added, implementation on the policy has commenced.

He said that under the policy worth Rs. 500million, farmers will be provided
with modern technology at subsidized rates and other benefits and facilities.

He said that resources will be provided to Model Farms Services Center in the
form of endowment fund.

He said that the province has the lead in preparing agriculture policy at
national and provincial level under which guidance will be provided to
agriculture sector for coming 10 years. he said that agriculture has a backbone
role in provincial economy and our rural development depended 80% on agriculture
.

He said that the present government has allocated Rs. 2 billion to agriculture
for achieving self sufficiency in agriculture this year but the previous
government has allocated Rs.322 million.

He said that on one hand the province was confronting difficulties and
challenges, but on the other, God has bestowed the province with opportunities
in different sectors including education, hydel power, oil and gas and
agriculture sectors.

He said that the present government was committed to removal of darkness of
ignorance through light of knowledge, added, establishment of eight
universities, scholarships for intelligent students, financial assistance to
students of far flung areas through public private partnership, financial
assistance to families for girls education in Torghar and Kohistan and other
programs reflect this commitment of the government.

He said that future of the province was linked to investment in hydel power, oil
and gas and agriculture. He approved construction of road from GT Road to Tarnab
Farm and issued directives to concerned authorities in this connection.

He also issued directives to concerned authorities on demands of agriculture and
live stocks departments and said that he will not make promise that he can't
realize. He said that politics can be practiced on hollow claims but he termed
it infidelity.

The CM distributed endowment funds cheques among representatives of different
farms services centers and offered honorary certificates to prominent performers
agriculture scientists and officers and personnel of livestock and agriculture
departments.

Secretary Agriculture Department, Muhammad Afsar Khan presented the welcome
address, while project manager F.A.O David Dolan threw detailed light on crux of
agriculture policy.

Provincial ministers Arbab Muhammad Ayub Jan and Haji Hidayat Ullah Khan also
addressed the gathering.

Earlier the CM launched mechanized farming project by cutting the ribbon. He
inspected modern agriculture machinery and exhibition.

He went to stalls of different and rare vegetables, fruits and honey. He talked
intimately to organizers on the occasion and take guidance from them on
different sectors. Published by HT Syndication with permission from The
Statesman. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 MASHRIQ GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            December 4, 2012 Tuesday

Farmers to get modern tech at subsidised rates: Hoti

BYLINE:  Our Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 283

LENGTH: 640  words


Chief Minister Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Amir Haider Khan Hoti has formally launched
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Mechanized Farming Project/Agriculture Policy at Tarnab Farm
on Monday.

He said that this project and the agriculture policy will prove the harbinger of
progress for the active government functionaries, financial improvement of
farmers and progress in agriculture production. He said that the project will
make available modern technology, environment and facilities to enable farmers
to yield more production from their limited areas.

Provincial Agriculture Minister Arbab Muhammad Ayub Jan, Provincial Minister for
Animal Husbandry Haji Hidayat Ullah, MPA Saqib Chamkani, Administrative
Secretaries of Agriculture, Livestock and Fishery Departments, Vice Chancellor
Agriculture University, faculty members, agriculturists, scientists and farmers
were also present on the occasion.

The CM said that increase in responsibilities of government in agriculture
sector due to the 18th Amendment the agriculture policy congruent to modern
needs was direly required. He said that 10-year agriculture policy with the
assistance of FAO has been prepared to ensure self-sufficiency in agriculture.
He said that implementation on the policy has commenced and added under the
policy worth Rs 500 million, farmers will be provided with modern technology at
subsidized rates in addition to other benefits and facilities.

He said that resources will be provided to the Model Farms Services Center in
the form of endowment fund. He said that the province has the lead in preparing
the agriculture policy at national and provincial level under which guidance
will be provided to agriculture sector for the coming 10 years.

Hoti said that agriculture is the backbone for the provincial economy. He said
that the present government has allocated Rs 2 billion to agriculture for
achieving self-sufficiency in agriculture this year but the previous government
has allocated Rs.322 million.

The chief minister said that the province was confronting difficulties and
challenges, however, the province is bestowed with opportunities in different
sectors including education, hydel power, oil and gas and agriculture sectors.

He said that the present government was committed for removal of darkness of
ignorance through light of knowledge, and added, the establishment of eight
universities, scholarships for intelligent students, financial assistance to
students of far flung areas through public private partnership, financial
assistance to families for girls education in Torghar and Kohestan and other
programmes reflect this commitment of the government.

He said that future of the province was linked to investment in hydel power, oil
and gas and agriculture. He approved construction of a road from GT Road to
Tarnab Farm and issued directives to concerned authorities in this connection.

He also issued directives to the concerned authorities on demand of agriculture
and livestock departments and said that he will not make a promise that he can't
fulfil. He said that politics can be practiced on hollow claims but he termed it
infidelity. The CM distributed endowment funds cheques among representatives of
different farms services centres and awarded honorary certificates to prominent
agriculture scientists and officers and personnel of livestock and agriculture
departments.

Secretary Agriculture Department, Muhammad Afsar Khan, presented the welcome
address, while Project Manager FAO David Dolan threw detailed light on crux of
agriculture policy. Provincial Ministers Arbab Muahammad Ayub Jan and Haji
Hidayat Ullah Khan also addressed the gathering.

Earlier, the CM launched mechanized farming project by cutting the ribbon. He
inspected the modern agriculture machinery and exhibition. He visited stalls of
different and rare vegetables, fruits and honey.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday

World Bank team, CM Punjab discuss agriculture sector development

SECTION: Vol. 52 No. 262

LENGTH: 615  words


A delegation of the World Bank's Agriculture and Rural Transformation Mission
led by Country Director Patchamuthu Illangovan met Punjab Chief Minister
Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif, here Wednesday. Matters regarding development of
agriculture sector and strengthening of markets for agriculture and rural
transformation in Punjab were discussed in the meeting.

Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that Pakistan is an agrarian
country and agriculture sector is the backbone of its economy. He said that
development of agriculture sector could help strengthen national economy and
achieve the target of self-sufficiency. He said that Punjab government would
welcome cooperation of the World Bank in the development of agriculture sector.

He said that provincial government wants to benefit from the experience of the
World Bank experts for the uplift of agriculture sector and increase in per acre
yield. He said that an agreement of cooperation would be signed between Punjab
government and the World Bank for development of agriculture sector.

Shahbaz Sharif further said that the World Bank in an important partner of
Punjab government in the programme of uplift of social sectors and several
programme are running in the province with the cooperation of the World Bank for
the provision of basic amenities to the masses. He said that the World Bank is
extending commendable cooperation for the development of social sectors adding
measures would be taken for increasing its cooperation in agriculture sector.

Chief Minister Punjab said Punjab government has given a historic package of Rs
100 billion for increasing per acre yield and prosperity of small cultivators.
He said programme of provision of interest-free loans to small cultivators has
been started and these loans are being given in a highly transparent manner.
Shahbaz Sharif furthers said that Punjab Agriculture Commission has also been
established for the uplift of agriculture sector and solution of problems of
cultivators while a high level committee has been constituted for evolving
agriculture policy. He stated that measures are also been taken for
establishment of Small Farmers Development Corporation. Shahbaz said future of
Punjab is linked with agriculture and development of agriculture sector. He said
agriculture research could go a long way in increasing agri production. He said
benefit of research to farmers is of vital importance therefore extension
services are being fully activated. He said comprehensive reforms are being
introduced in seed industry. He pointed agriculture experts of the World Bank
have given excellent recommendation for the development of agriculture sector in
the province.

Country Director of the World Bank Patchamuthu Illangovan assured all out
cooperation would be extended to Punjab government for the uplift of agriculture
sector. He said that there is a vast potential for the development of
agriculture sector in Punjab and the World Bank with work with the provincial
government for fully utilizing this potential. He said finest agriculture
scientists of the world have been appointed in Islamabad and working with them
would leave a positive impact on agriculture sector in the province.

Provincial Ministers Dr Farrukh Javed, Yawar Zaman, Ayesha Ghaus Pasha, Special
Assistant on Livestock Arshad Jutt, Advisor Dr Ejaz Nabi, Chief Secretary,
Senior Member Board of Revenue, Chairman Planning and Development, Secretaries
of concerned departments, agri experts and senior officers were also present on
the occasion. Senior Director Agriculture Juregen Voegele, Senior Agriculture
Economist Johannes Georges Pius Jansen and other experts comprised the World
Bank team.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                             April 26, 2016 Tuesday

MoAD framing strategy to implement agriculture mechanisation policy

BYLINE: Himalayan News Service

LENGTH: 604  words


Kathmandu, April 26: The Ministry of Agricultural Development (MoAD) has started
framing a strategy for implementation of Agriculture Mechanisation Promotion
Policy, which was introduced some two years back.

"The strategy would provide necessary impetus to reduce cost of production,
boost productivity and scale up the country's agriculture sector to a large
extent," said Minister for Agricultural Development Haribol Prasad Gajurel.

"The cost of production in the agriculture sector has been shooting up due to
labour shortage - also the reason for many lands in rural areas remaining barren
due to outmigration of youths. These issues can be addressed only through proper
mechanisation in agriculture sector."

Addressing a two-day workshop titled 'Agriculture Mechanisation in South Asia:
Trends, Patterns and Implications for Agriculture Development in Nepal',
organised by International Food Policy Research Institute and the Institute for
Integrated Development Studies, Minister Gajurel informed that the government is
preparing to promote cooperatives for import of agricultural tools by extending
certain incentives so that farmers can hire the machineries as per their need at
a certain cost.

The government has been levying a nominal customs duty on the import of
agricultural machineries for farmers. However, since most engaged in the
agriculture sector comprise small-holder farmers, they do not have the capacity
to purchase and maintain the machineries, according to the minister.

"If we extend the same facility through cooperatives, small-holder farmers would
be able to take the machineries on lease from cooperatives at a certain charge."

The land ownership structure in the country, domination of small-holder farmers,
lack of access to finance in agriculture, lack of proper irrigation facility,
among others have been identified as the major barriers for mechanisation of
agriculture sector.

Two-third of the country's workforce is engaged in agriculture sector.

However, contribution of agriculture sector to the greater economy has been
declining. Agriculture mechanisation is critical to reduce the number of
workforce dependent on agriculture and to be competitive in agriculture
production, according to MoAD Secretary Uttam Kumar Bhattarai.

Also addressing the programme, Peter Malnak, mission director of United States
Agency for International Development (USAID) Nepal, opined that agriculture
mechanisation could bring about a dramatic change in reducing poverty in the
country. Nepal's agriculture has remained at subsistence level since long
despite the government's effort to mechanise agriculture and transform it.

Only 24 per cent of farmers use some type of mechanisation while farming in the
Tarai area of Nepal, where there is tremendous potential to boost agricultural
production through mechanisation. Malnak stressed that small and fragmented land
holding, poor infrastructure, lack of proper irrigation facilities, lack of
access to finance and technology are the major impediments to bring
transformation in agriculture through mechanisation.

He highlighted the need to improve private sector investment in agriculture,
which would encourage mechanisation in the sector.

Mechanisation of agriculture covers a wide range of issues like farming,
harvesting, agro processing, and storage.

The Agriculture Development Strategy (ADS) - the government's 20-year vision and
10-year action plan in agriculture sector development - that is going to be
implemented from coming fiscal has also emphasised on mechanisation and
improving private sector investment in agriculture for development of the
sector.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday

Focus on farmers' prosperity: CM

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 48

LENGTH: 573  words


Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif has said that agriculture is the backbone of
national economy. He said that the government was implementing a comprehensive
programme for uplift of agriculture sector and prosperity of farmers and all-out
resources were being utilised for this purpose.

He said that provision of necessary facilities to farmers was essential for
promoting agriculture economy and the departments concerned should take
practical measures for the prosperity of cultivators. He said that the Punjab
government would spend Rs100 billion during next two years for the development
of agriculture sector and full attention would be paid to agriculture research.

He was presiding over a meeting which reviewed steps proposed for implementation
of recommendations of Punjab Agriculture Conference-2016 for the betterment of
farmers and development of agriculture sector.

Addressing the meeting, the chief minister said that Rs100 billion would be
spent during next two years for the development of agriculture sector and
prosperity of farmers and such programmes would be evolved as would directly
benefit the farmers. He said that progress and prosperity of farmers was the top
priority and the government was moving forward in this direction by adopting a
farmer-friendly policy.

Shahbaz Sharif said that he would personally monitor the measures taken under
historic package of Rs100 billion for the prosperity of farmers and development
of agriculture sector. He said that all-out steps would be taken for the
progress of agriculture sector and uplift of farmers while agriculture
production and area under cultivation would be increased.

The chief minister said that maximum efforts would be made to protect
cultivators from the losses due to recession at international level. He said
that economic loss to farmers would be made up through financial, legal and
administrative measures and due returns to the cultivators would be ensured. He
said that immediate measures were needed for the standardisation of agriculture
machinery. He directed that steps should be taken to activate Punjab Agriculture
Research Board and special attention be paid to research to enhance agriculture
production and area under cultivation. He said that there was a need to transfer
results of agriculture research to farmers. He said that promotion of
technology, research development and agriculture extension was essential for
development of agriculture sector and progress of farmers. He said that
department concerned would have to play an active role for the development of
agriculture sector.

The chief minister directed to submit a practicable and final plan for the
strengthening of agriculture economy and said that prosperity of small
cultivators should be the top priority. He also ordered to constitute a
high-level committee headed by chief secretary to present a comprehensive road
map within a few days for development of agriculture sector and betterment of
farmers.

Secretary Agriculture gave a detailed briefing on the measures proposed in the
light of recommendations for the progress of agriculture sector and prosperity
of cultivators.

Provincial Ministers Rana Sanaullah, Bilal Yasin, Dr Farrukh Javed, Mian Yawar
Zaman, Dr Ayesha Ghaus Pasha, Muhammad Asif Malik, Special Assistant Arshad
Jatt, Adviser Ijaz Nabi, Chief Secretary Captain (R) Zahid Saeed, Chairman
Planning  and  Development and secretaries concerned attended the meeting.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            July 27, 2011 Wednesday

Govt plans Agriculture Budget, set to create history

LENGTH: 381  words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, July 27 -- Madhya Pradesh Government has resolved to establish
Agriculture Cabinet and present a separate Agriculture Budget in the next budget
session 2011-12. Madhya Pradesh will become the first State in the country to do
so.

The share of agriculture sector in Madhya Pradesh's State Gross Domestic Product
(SGDP) was 22.47 per cent in year 2009-10. State's economy is agriculture-based
and economic activities are connected with industries and service sector. The
report of Agriculture Economic Survey will turn out to be a milestone in this
connection.

The report will incorporate area-wise and comparative analysis of food grain,
pulses, oilseed and commercial crops and products. It will also throw light on
agriculture development, agriculture marketing and storage facility. Necessary
financial arrangements (credit, long-term loan etc.) available to farmers of the
State will also be considered.

The agriculture sector growth rate in Madhya Pradesh was 7.53 per cent in
2009-10. The State Government is committed to making agriculture profitable.
With total agriculture sector growth in view, production and development will be
augmented in allied sectors like horticulture, farm forestry and forest produce,
animal husbandry and dairy development and fishers.

The responsibility of conducting Agriculture Economic Survey has been entrusted
by the State Government as a consultant to Mrityunjay, retired director,
National Agriculture Economic Policy and Research Centre, New Delhi.

'Status of Agriculture in Madhya Pradesh 2011' will be presented on the basis of
the report submitted by Mrityunjay. The Agriculture Economic Survey will consist
of studies on agriculture and agriculture-related sectors, guidelines, short,
medium and long-term targets, hurdles coming in the way of agriculture
development and their solution, suggestions, policy fixation etc.

In this context, a concept paper will be presented at the next meeting of
Agriculture Cabinet in August 2011. On the basis of this report, 'Agriculture
Economic Survey' will be presented before the budget session 2011-12. Published
by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            January 7, 2010 Thursday

Uttarakhand agriculture policy focuses on integrated farming

LENGTH: 370  words

DATELINE: Dehradun


Dehradun, Jan. 7 -- To increase agricultural produce in the State, the
Uttarakhand agriculture department had invited suggestion from its concerned
departments for the agriculture policy. With the land for Special Economic Zone
(SEZ) and other industrial projects falling short, the Uttarakhand Government's
new agriculture draft policy is focusing on the Special Agriculture Zones
(SAZs), in which emphasis would be on integrated farming.

Under an SAZ, the Government has proposed setting up of self-employment
industrial units (SEIUs) like fisheries, tea gardens, dairy farming and various
other agriculture and horticulture activities.

Talking to The Pioneer, Agriculture Minister Trivendra Singh Rawat said that
through SAZs, we are trying to protect our agriculture land and ensure food
security of the State.

A committee comprised of agriculture scientists especially from Pantnagar
Agriculture University, has intialised the new agri-draft. In which, they have
suggested that there should be no industrialisation and development of SEZ
projects on agriculture land as a large chunk of agri-land has fallen into the
hands of land builders and industrialists in Uttarakhand in the past few years.

Rawat further said that the draft of the agri-policy clearly stated that there
should be no industrialisation on agriculture land in Uttarakhand.

Rawat has proposed that farmland should not be used for industrialisation and
instead the Government should utilise non-agriculture and non-cultivated
agriculture land for this purpose. Rawat said nearly 3.12 lakh hectare of non-
agriculture and 3.83 lakh of non-cultivated agriculture land was available in
the hill State.

Following on their report later, the policy was re-drafted to carry out certain
amendments on the instructions of former Chief Minister Maj Gen Bhuwan Chandra
Khanduri as well as Rawat. The main highlight of the new policy is that the
Government would now develop SAZs to protect the fertile land. "We want to
protect our agriculture, for which we want to bring SAZ in Uttarakhand," said
Rawat. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For more
information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                           February 23, 2006 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Use your head: live off the land;
COURSES IN AGRICULTURE Farming isn't just about animals' the new agriculture
degrees hone business skills too.

BYLINE: By Caitlin Davies

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 708 words


Agriculture means farming, right? Wrong. Agriculture these days is just as
concerned with food economics, marketing and consumers, rural environment and
business management, and the increase in new technology. Not only that, but
agriculture "is a big component of changing the world for the better," says
Professor Richard Ellis.

He's the head of the school of agriculture, policy and development at the
University of Reading, which includes the departments of agricultural and food
economics, and international and rural development. It's also home to the Centre
for Agriculture Strategy.

In the world's poorest countries, two billion people depend directly on
agriculture for their income. However, Professor Ellis says that in the UK many
people are dismissive of agriculture as a subject for study because it's seen as
such a minor part of the economy. Yet almost 13 per cent of the UK's working
population is involved in food production - and that number increases if you
include alcohol.

In the Eighties, the image of agriculture was damaged by pictures of the grain
mountains so popularised by the press. People were influenced by them to such an
extent that applications to agriculture courses dropped sharply. As a result,
programmes became narrower, mainly attracting people from rural backgrounds.

However, says Professor Ellis, it's all a misconception: "Those mountains don't
exist any more. Today's wheat stocks are tiny." And recent years have seen the
introduction of new, broader degree programmes. One variant of Reading's basic
agriculture degree is agriculture business management, whose graduates may end
up working in property management or as part of a supermarket buying team.

And, according to Farmers Weekly, women are applying to agriculture courses in
larger numbers than ever before. At the University of Wales's college at
Aberystwyth, women students now make up 42 per cent of agriculture-related
courses. Ellis says this is part of a national trend. Reading has as many women
as men on the BSc in agriculture, and more women on animal science and rural
management courses. The only course in which men outnumber women is the BSc in
agriculture business.

Unlike some other subjects, plenty of agriculture courses are also offered
outside the university sector at further education colleges. But this doesn't
mean they're easy. "It's a very difficult subject," says Professor Ellis. "It's
an applied degree of all the sciences."

Harper Adams University College in Shropshire began life as an agriculture
college in the 1890s after a bequest from wealthy gentleman farmer Thomas Harper
Adams. Today it has eight BSc and two HND agriculture courses. One of its most
popular courses is food quality management, and it also offers agriculture and
mechanisation, which includes engineering modules. While applicants dropped
during the foot-and-mouth outbreak, says assistant registrar Anne Cleary, things
are picking up again and "people are more aware of what they can do with their
land, and its recreational uses."

Like Harper Adams, Writtle College in Essex has offered land-based courses since
the 1890s. It now has a wide range of degrees, including a BSc in agriculture
with business management, and agriculture and the environment. Writtle says in
its prospectus that "our classrooms do not have walls", and its agriculture
students spend plenty of time outdoors for case-study work and hands-on work
experience.

John Vipond, an agriculture lecturer, says that Writtle has changed its courses
considerably' they are now more vocational and far more concerned with the
environment. "Everything these days has a slant towards sustainability and the
environment. Course content now includes issues such as climate change and
pollution." Ucas lists 34 degree courses with agriculture as a single subject,
but an impressive 1,081 courses on the environment.

The signs are that the students like the new degree programmes. According to
Professor Ellis of Reading, there has been a big increase in the number of
applicants for agricultural-related courses this autumn. With any luck, they
will also get jobs. "All our agriculture students who want a job in agriculture
get one," says Vipond, "and they usually get the job they want."

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Don't follow the herd: take agriculture and help to make the world a
better place AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

A magazine for Missouri agriculture

BYLINE: Hope Lecchi, The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 542 words


Aug. 22--The Missouri State Fair annually spotlights many of the best and
brightest individuals and their livestock, crops, artwork, crafts, and a vast
array of exhibits

The Fair is also a showcase for the innovations the men and women who work in
agriculture develop throughout their efforts each year.

For those who are unable to attend the Fair or for anyone who wants to keep up
with the trends in agriculture and highlights they can do so by reading Missouri
Agriculture, the magazine from the Missouri Department of Agriculture.

"Missouri Agriculture is an annual publication that showcases the people, places
and things that make up agriculture in the Show Me State," Sarah Alsager, public
information officer for the Missouri Department of Agriculture, said via email.
"The content of the publication revolves around the department's priorities and
includes stories about consumer outreach, environment stewardship, international
marketing, youth in agriculture and more."

According to Alsager, the magazine has a print distribution of 15,000 and is
also available at www.mo-agriculture.com.

"The magazine is distributed through various events and tradeshows booths that
our staff hosts or participates including the Governor's Conference on
Agriculture, the State FFA Convention and the State Fair, among others," Alsager
said. "It's also distributed by advertisers and agricultural partners like MU
Extension and USDA FSA and a copy is given to all Missouri legislators and many
public libraries across the state."

No public funds are used to produce the magazine and it is paid entirely through
its advertising dollars.

The Department of Agriculture's staff develops many of the story ideas but the
actual writing and photography is done by Journal Communications under the
oversight of the Department of Agriculture's staff.

"Journal Communications is an integrated media and content marketing company
based in Franklin, Tennessee," Alsager wrote in her email. "The company serves
clients nationally in the community and economic development, travel and tourism
and agribusiness industries.

"They partner with several other state departments of agriculture to produce
similar publications," she added.

Sharing the stories of Missouri's farm families and the work the industry does
each year is a priority for the Department.

"The pages in this issue of Missouri Agriculture highlight a handful of the
numerous outstanding individuals who represent the state's number one industry,"
Missouri Department of Agriculture Director Richard Fordyce said. "There are
many incredible things going on in Missouri agriculture and we're thrilled to
have this opportunity to tell the stories of the people who have chosen to make
agriculture their livelihood.

"This publication is a method of sharing information about the benefit
agriculture provides to consumers and producers in the state," Fordyce added. "
Agriculture is an industry that touches the lives of all Missourians on a daily
basis, whether it be the fuel in vehicles or the food on plates."

Hope Lecchi can be reached at 660-826-1000 ext. 1484.

___ (c)2016 The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Mo.) Visit The Sedalia Democrat
(Sedalia, Mo.) at www.sedaliademocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160822-SX-A-magazine-for-Missouri-agriculture-0822-20160822

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2016 The Sedalia Democrat


                              40 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                              July 1, 2012 Sunday

Discourse on sustainable agriculture

LENGTH: 624 words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, July 1 -- Climate change big threat to agriculture

ISLAMABAD: Climate change is big threat to Pakistan therefore farmers should
practice traditional knowledge and improve food security through sustainable
agriculture.

Shoaib Aziz, project manager Damaan Development Organisation (DDO) highlighted
impact of climate change on sustainable agriculture and called for revival and
promotion of sustainable agriculture. A one day seminar on 'Discourse on
sustainable agriculture: civil society and farmers was organised with the
collaboration of Sustainable Agriculture Action Group (SAAG), ActionAid and
Sungi Development Foundation.

The objective of the seminar was to explore different models of sustainable
agriculture, challenges and opportunities, loss of traditional knowledge, impact
on farmers and food security.

He said increasing population and decreasing resources might pose threat for our
future generation. He said there was need for setting up of market
infrastructure for the promotion of organic produce.

Expert on framing, Khadim Hussain highlighted the role of civil society for the
promotion of agriculture. He said corporate agriculture farming was posing big
threat since multinational companies are grabbing land and promoting
mono-cropping culture. He said NGOS were striving hard for awareness creation
and promotion of sustainable agriculture

Gulfam Dogar said the farmers from mountains in Pakhtoonkhwa were growing
medicinal plant and earning good amount for their produce.

He stressed for establishment of plant health clinic and requested farmers to
link their agriculture with loner calendar as they may coup with rapidly
changing climate in Pakistan.

Alien plant species are destroying our ecology and new pests are creeping up to
destroy our local plant species. He stressed for the promotion of local
varieties and preservation of agriculture.

Ms Mehnaz Ajmal Paracha from Oxfam Novib said present agriculture system was
creating in equality and food insecurity. She said forty percent of people were
food insecure in Pakistan and small farmers have no say in decision-making. She
pointed out farmers were not getting their rights under labour laws.

She lamented large farmers have representation in legislation process and
getting all benefits from the government but agriculture was no longer
profitable for small farmers and farmers was abandoning agriculture and
migrating to cities. She called for organising of farmers association so that
they could fight for their rights.

Nasir Aziz policy officer from ActionAid cited success stories of many countries
regarding sustainable agriculture. He said the promotion of sustainable
agriculture not only saving environment but also boost farmers income.

Farmers from India are earning billion of rupees through promotion of organic
produces. He highlighted some sustainable agriculture model in Pakistan but he
lamented lack of enabling environment was discouraging practices of sustainable
agriculture by small farmers.

Tariq Mehmood, president Kissan Ittehad said agriculture share in GDP was
decreasing as agriculture for small farmer was no longer profitable. The input
cost has increased manifold but prices are not catching up with that pace as
result farmers were trapped in the clutches of vicious circle and thus poverty
increased.

Farmers wanted to practice sustainable agriculture but multinational companies
with the collaboration of government crating antagonist environment and
promoting GMOs, which are detrimental for environment, agriculture and food
security. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             April 9, 2011 Saturday

Enhancing agriculture productivity: need stressed to formulate comprehensive
plan

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLVII No. 98

LENGTH: 454  words


A high level consultative meeting of agri scientists, agronomists, economists
and prominent farmers was held here on Friday to discuss the challenges faced by
the agriculture sector and boost agriculture production in the country.

Punjab Agriculture Minister, Malik Ahmad Ali Aulakh who presided over the
meeting stressed the need to adopt a comprehensive policy and strategy to
enhance per acre productivity to meet the food and raw material needs of the
people and agro-based industries respectively.

Managing Director Punjab Seed Corporation Muzaffar Mahmood emphasised reviewing
existing research and development system of the agriculture sector. Chief
Executive PARB, Dr Mubarak Ali highlighted reduced competitiveness and climate
change effects on various crops.

Former Director General (Extension) Chaudhry Abdul Ghaffar called for balanced
use of fertilisers and capacity building of farmers. Eminent agriculture
scientist and former member Planning Commission, Dr Kausar Abdullah Malik
proposed taking effective measures for good governance in the agriculture
sector.

Director General Agri (Research) Dr Noorul Islam highlighted the importance of
expansion of germ-plasm in agriculture research. Director General Federal Seed
Certification and Registration department proposed amendments and enforcement of
agriculture land usage Act.

Dean Faculty of Agriculture University of Agriculture Faisalabad proposed
promotion of agro-forestry, focus on agro-based cottage industry, urban
agriculture and establishment of seed production and exchange centres. Chairman
Pakistan Crop Protection Association Multan highlighted factors of high costs of
production and proposed public private partnership in agriculture research.

Chairman Basmati Growers Association stressed the importance of adoption of new
agriculture strategy in the light of post 18th constitutional amendment
scenario. Sarfraz Ahmad Khan, Vice President Kisan Board pointed out the energy
crisis, water shortage and inadequate farm mechanisation conditions in Punjab
province.

The agriculture minister directed government officials to keep in view
inputs/proposals from the stakeholders and notify focused group of experts and
progressive farmers within a week for proposing policy papers and strategy to
address the prevailing challenges for enhancing agriculture productivity.

The meeting was attended by Arif Nadeem, Secretary Agriculture, senior
government officials, former Director Generals of Agriculture Extension
Services, Research, Water Management, Field, deans of various faculties from
University of Agriculture Faisalabad, and Arid Agriculture University,
Rawalpindi, representatives of Farmers Associations, and fertiliser and
pesticide manufacturers.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Early Times (India)

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

JK fails to implement agriculture policy

LENGTH: 466 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, Feb. 2 -- Jammu and Kashmir is yet to implement the 'agriculture
policy' that will actualize the vast untapped growth potential of this sector
despite 60 percent population of the state being directly or indirectly
dependent on the agriculture sector.

Several states have implemented the agriculture policy to increase production
and productivity of the crops and to enable farmers to diversify their crop
production so as to take advantage of market opportunities.

However, the government has failed to implement the effective agriculture policy
in the state that will lay down long term road map for improvisation of
agriculture sector.

"The agriculture policy has been confined to papers only without being
implemented on the ground. Although majority of population are directly or
indirectly dependent on the sector but government has been least interested in
implementing the agriculture policy," the official said.

Officials sources said a draft of agriculture policy was framed but authorities
were not bothered to ensure its implementation resulting there has been decline
in agriculture production.

The policy was framed to actualize the vast untapped growth potential of the
agriculture, promote value addition, accelerate the growth of agri-business, and
create employment in rural areas. The farmers said they have raised the issue
with the government several times to implement the agriculture policy in the
state, but to no avail. "Only assurances have been given to the farmers by the
authorities that agriculture policy will be implemented but no such efforts have
been made on the ground," said Ghulam Mohammad, a farmer of Anantnag. Officials
said without agriculture policy, the state was unable to take advantage of
several centrally sponsored schemes that would have been beneficial to boost
agriculture crops by introducing high breed seeds, inputs on subsidy rates
besides technical knowhow to state's farmers.

Kashmir's economy is highly dependent on agriculture, supporting over 60 percent
of its population. Officials said the agriculture policy would have helped in
educating the farmers about the latest technology that is being used in
developed world.

The provisions of J&K Land Revenue Act 1996 prohibit the conversion of paddy or
vegetable land into any other use. The construction of residential and
commercial buildings on agricultural land is violation of the master plan is
believed another reason for decline in agriculture production.

A senior official of agriculture department said the government was in the
process in implementing effective agriculture policy.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Early Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Early Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                            December 4, 2012 Tuesday

CM launches mechanised farming project

BYLINE:  Statesman Report

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 515

LENGTH: 661  words


Chief Minister Amir Haider Khan Hoti has formally launched Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
Mechanised Farming Project/Agriculture Policy at Tarnab Farm on Monday.

He said that project of mechanised farming and agriculture policy will prove
harbinger of progress in active government functionaries, financial improvement
of farmers and progress in agriculture production.

He said that the project will make available modern technology, environment and
facilities to enable farmers to yield more production from their limited areas.
Provincial Agriculture Minister Arbab Muhammad Ayub Jan, Provincial Minister For
Animal Husbandry Haji Hidayat Ullah, MPA Saqib Chamkani, administrative
secretaries of agriculture, livestock and fishery departments, vice chancellor
agriculture university, faculty members, agriculturists, scientists and farmers
were also present on the occasion.

The CM said that increase in responsibilities of government in agriculture
sector due to 18th amendment, agriculture policy congruent to modern needs was
needed. He said that 10 years agriculture policy with assistance of F.A.O, has
been prepared bearing self-sufficiency in agriculture and achievement of
priorities in mind, added, implementation on the policy has commenced.

He said that under the policy worth Rs. 500million, farmers will be provided
with modern technology at subsidized rates and other benefits and facilities.

He said that resources will be provided to Model Farms Services Center in the
form of endowment fund. He said that the province has the lead in preparing
agriculture policy at national and provincial level under which guidance will be
provided to agriculture sector for coming 10 years. he said that agriculture has
a backbone role in provincial economy and our rural development depended 80% on
agriculture.

He said that the present government has allocated Rs. 2 billion to agriculture
for achieving self sufficiency in agriculture this year but the previous
government has allocated Rs.322 million.

He said that on one hand the province was confronting difficulties and
challenges, but on the other, God has bestowed the province with opportunities
in different sectors including education, hydel power, oil and gas and
agriculture sectors.

He said that the present government was committed to removal of darkness of
ignorance through light of knowledge, added, establishment of eight
universities, scholarships for intelligent students, financial assistance to
students of far flung areas through public private partnership, financial
assistance to families for girls education in Torghar and Kohistan and other
programs reflect this commitment of the government.

He said that future of the province was linked to investment in hydel power, oil
and gas and agriculture. He approved construction of road from GT Road to Tarnab
Farm and issued directives to concerned authorities in this connection.

He also issued directives to concerned authorities on demands of agriculture and
live stocks departments and said that he will not make promise that he can't
realize. He said that politics can be practiced on hollow claims but he termed
it infidelity.

The CM distributed endowment funds cheques among representatives of different
farms services centers and offered honorary certificates to prominent performers
agriculture scientists and officers and personnel of livestock and agriculture
departments.

Secretary Agriculture Department, Muhammad Afsar Khan presented the welcome
address, while project manager F.A.O David Dolan threw detailed light on crux of
agriculture policy.

Provincial ministers Arbab Muhammad Ayub Jan and Haji Hidayat Ullah Khan also
addressed the gathering.

Earlier the CM launched mechanized farming project by cutting the ribbon. He
inspected modern agriculture machinery and exhibition. He went to stalls of
different and rare vegetables, fruits and honey. He talked intimately to
organizers on the occasion and take guidance from them on different sectors.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            November 8, 2011 Tuesday

Holland varsity to impart tech, scientific support in agro sector

LENGTH: 384  words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, Nov. 8 -- To increase the State's agriculture products and production in
Madhya Pradesh, Agriculture University of Holland (Netherlands) has agreed to
impart technical and scientific support to the State and an understanding was
reached in this regard between the State Agriculture Department and Holland
Agriculture University at a meeting held in New Delhi on Monday.

The meeting held between MJ Croff, vice-president and Rector of Wageningen
Agriculture University, JN Frogens Coordinator for Asia and Wan Wikel chairman
Quality Management and Director Research HS Yadav of Rajmata Vijayaraje Scindia
Agriculture University and PK Dash, Managing Director of MP Trifed and Prof RS
Sharma of Agriculture University.

It was agreed at the meeting that students of State Agriculture University will
go to Agriculture University of Holland for technical knowhow regarding
agriculture, horticulture, floriculture, food processing etc. Along with the
students of Agriculture University, professors, teaching staff will also visit
Holland for study and research work to increase agriculture production in the
State.

Holland Agriculture University will select students and professor and give them
scholarship for higher studies and research. Short-term and long-term training
will be organised to give them necessary training in the required field. Apart
from Agriculture Holland also has the expertise in the field of Horticulture,
Floriculture and Food Processing etc.

Director Research Yadav of Rajmata Scindia Agriculture University informed that
about 300 students have graduated, 192 post-graduate and 36 students are
enrolled for their PhD. A team from Agriculture University will be visiting
Holland next year in Feb to meet with the Agri Scientist to discuss the future
plans with regards to study exchange programme. Exam will be organised for
selection of students going to Holland Agriculture University.

A high-level delegation from Madhya Pradesh had visited Holland from November 1
to 5. The delegation included Industries Minister Kailash Vijayvargiya and
officials of the State Agriculture Department. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Pioneer. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                            December 4, 2012 Tuesday

CM launched KP Mechanized Farming Project

SECTION: Vol. IV No. 334

LENGTH: 665  words


Chief Minister Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Amir Haider Khan Hoti has formally launched
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Mechanized Farming Project/Agriculture Policy at Tarnab Farm
on Monday.

He said that project of mechanized farming and agriculture policy will prove
harbinger of progress in active government functionaries, financial improvement
of farmers and progress in agriculture production.

He said that the project will make available modern technology, environment and
facilities to enable farmers to yield more production from their limited areas.

Provincial Agriculture Minister Arbab Muhammad Ayub Jan, Provincial Minister For
Animal Husbandry Haji Hidayat Ullah, MPA Saqib Chamkani, administrative
secretaries of agriculture, livestock and fishery departments, vice chancellor
agriculture university, faculty members, agriculturists, scientists and farmers
were also present on the occasion.  The CM said that increase in
responsibilities of government in agriculture sector due to 18th amendment,
agriculture policy congruent to modern needs was needed. He said that 10 years
agriculture policy with assistance of F.A.O, has been prepared bearing self
sufficiency in agriculture and achievement of priorities in mind, added,
implementation on the policy has commenced.

He said that under the policy worth Rs. 500million, farmers will be provided
with modern technology at subsidized rates and other benefits and facilities. He
said that resources will be provided to Model Farms Services Centre in the form
of endowment fund.

He said that the province has the lead in preparing agriculture policy at
national and provincial level under which guidance will be provided to
agriculture sector for coming 10 years.

He said that agriculture has a backbone role in provincial economy and our rural
development depended 80% on agriculture. He said that the present government has
allocated Rs. 2 billion to agriculture for achieving self sufficiency in
agriculture this year but the previous government has allocated Rs.322 million.

He said that on one hand the province was confronting difficulties and
challenges, but on the other, God has bestowed the province with opportunities
in different sectors including education, hydel power, oil and gas and
agriculture sectors.

He said that the present government was committed for removal of darkness of
ignorance through light of knowledge, added, establishment of eight
universities, scholarships for intelligent students, financial assistance to
students of far flung areas through public private partnership, financial
assistance to families for girls education in Torghar and Kohistan and other
programs reflect this commitment of the government. He said that future of the
province was linked to investment in hydel power, oil and gas and agriculture.

He approved construction of road from GT Road to Tarnab Farm and issued
directives to concerned authorities in this connection. He also issued
directives to concerned authorities on demands of agriculture and live stocks
departments and said that he will not make promise that he can't realize. He
said that politics can be practiced on hollow claims but he termed it
infidelity.

The CM distributed endowment funds cheques among representatives of different
farms services centers and offered honorary certificates to prominent performers
agriculture scientists and officers and personnel of livestock and agriculture
departments.

Secretary Agriculture Department, Muhammad Afsar Khan presented the welcome
address, while project manager F.A.O David Dolan threw detailed light on crux of
agriculture policy. Provincial ministers Arbab Muhammad Ayub Jan and Haji
Hidayat Ullah Khan also addressed the gathering.

Earlier the CM launched mechanized farming project by cutting the ribbon. He
inspected modern agriculture machinery and exhibition. He went to stalls of
different and rare vegetables, fruits and honey. He talked intimately to
organizers on the occasion and take guidance from them on different sectors.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            November 29, 2010 Monday

USA gives Afghanistan 38m dollars to develop agriculture

LENGTH: 445 words


Text of report by Afghan privately-owned Shamshad TV on 28 November

[Presenter] The USA has announced that it will provide 38m dollars of assistance
to the Ministry of Agriculture, Irrigation and Livestock. Officials say that the
donation will be spent on agricultural development. The officials also say that
they need about 100m dollars to strengthen the country's agricultural sector.

[Correspondent] A joint agricultural conference called Afghan-America was held
in Kabul by the Afghan Ministry of Agriculture and the US embassy. The US
department of agriculture announced the allocation of 38m dollars to the Afghan
Ministry of Agriculture. Deputy secretary of agriculture of the US said that the
assistance would be spent on agricultural development.

[A US official in English superimposed with Pashto translation] We will increase
our assistance in areas that are priority. We will provide technological
assistance and improved seeds to the Afghan farmers.

[Correspondent] The Afghan minister of agriculture, Mohammad Asef Rahimi, also
said that the provided funds will be used in the ministry's capacity building
and reform.

[Rahimi] This assistance is for reforming the Ministry of Agriculture and its
capacity building. The money should be used in different districts, provinces
and the capital for human resources and other needs. This is good news for the
Ministry of Agriculture of Afghanistan. The fund is provided by the ministry of
agriculture of the US. They have different channels. Their ministry of
agriculture is providing this assistance.

[Correspondent] Rahimi further said that the reason behind the joint
Afghan-America conference was to implement the decisions made in the Kabul
conference on agriculture.

[Rahimi] The basic and fundamental goal behind the Afghan-America joint
conference is to implement all the decisions of the Kabul conference.

[Correspondent] Ambassador of the US to Kabul Karl Eikenberry said that they
would continue their assistance in the field of agriculture to Afghanistan. Mr
Eikenberry added that 80 per cent of the Afghan people were dependent on
agriculture.

[Eikenberry in English superimposed with Pashto translation] We will continue
our assistance to Afghanistan in the field of agriculture, because 80 per cent
of the people of Afghanistan's life depend on agriculture.

[Correspondent] The minister of agriculture and livestock said that they need
about 100m dollars to strengthen agriculture in the country. He asked the US to
continue its support to Afghanistan in the field of agriculture so that the
ministry will be able to prepare the arid lands for farming.

Source: Shamshad TV, Kabul, in Pashto 1430 gmt 28 Nov 10

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            January 15, 2013 Tuesday

Budget to focus on agriculture sector

LENGTH: 361 words

DATELINE: BHUBANESWAR


BHUBANESWAR, Jan. 15 -- In the line of Opposition firing for the neglect of the
farm sector during the last 12 years, the State Government is toying with the
idea of presenting a budget with added emphasis on the agriculture sector for
the next financial year.

The budget will have a separate section with agriculture and all allied sectors
in it. However, there will not be any separate budget for agriculture like the
railway budget.

Official sources said preparation in this regard had already started. Sources
said the proposed agriculture budget will include allocation for the departments
of Agriculture, Cooperation, Fisheries and Animal Resources Development and
Water Resources. Agriculture component of the department of Energy will also
find place in this section.

The new initiative is likely to ensure increased funding to the agriculture
sector which employs the largest manpower.

Agriculture Minister Debi Prasad Mishra said that there is no move by the State
Government to place a separate budget. He, however, said that there will be
convergence of agri-related schemes in different departments to boost the
agriculture sector.

The Minister said Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik has asked the department
officials to identify schemes which have succeeded so that more funds can be
allocated for their execution.

Several rounds of discussion had already been held at the top bureaucratic level
to identify successful schemes and plan out new schemes in departments related
to agriculture.

Karnataka is the only State which has presented a separate budget for
agriculture though many states have announced to do so.

The Agriculture Minister said the officials have been asked to identify the new
areas of interventions and prepare new schemes in agriculture and horticulture
sector.

Mishra has also initiated a discussion with experts in the agriculture sector
and National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) to pump in more
funds to the sector. Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian
Express. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                              July 1, 2012 Sunday

Discourse on sustainable agriculture

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 174

LENGTH: 580  words


Climate change is big threat to Pakistan therefore farmers should practice
traditional knowledge and improve food security through sustainable agriculture.
Shoaib Aziz, project manager Damaan Development Organisation (DDO) highlighted
impact of climate change on sustainable agriculture and called for revival and
promotion of sustainable agriculture. A one day seminar on 'Discourse on
sustainable agriculture: civil society and farmers was organised with the
collaboration of Sustainable Agriculture Action Group (SAAG), ActionAid and
Sungi Development Foundation.

The objective of the seminar was to explore different models of sustainable
agriculture, challenges and opportunities, loss of traditional knowledge, impact
on farmers and food security.

He said increasing population and decreasing resources might pose threat for our
future generation. He said there was need for setting up of market
infrastructure for the promotion of organic produce.

Expert on framing, Khadim Hussain highlighted the role of civil society for the
promotion of agriculture. He said corporate agriculture farming was posing big
threat since multinational companies are grabbing land and promoting
mono-cropping culture. He said NGOS were striving hard for awareness creation
and promotion of sustainable agriculture

Gulfam Dogar said the farmers from mountains in Pakhtoonkhwa were growing
medicinal plant and earning good amount for their produce.

He stressed for establishment of plant health clinic and requested farmers to
link their agriculture with loner calendar as they may coup with rapidly
changing climate in Pakistan.

Alien plant species are destroying our ecology and new pests are creeping up to
destroy our local plant species. He stressed for the promotion of local
varieties and preservation of agriculture.

Ms Mehnaz Ajmal Paracha from Oxfam Novib said present agriculture system was
creating in equality and food insecurity. She said forty percent of people were
food insecure in Pakistan and small farmers have no say in decision-making. She
pointed out farmers were not getting their rights under labour laws.

She lamented large farmers have representation in legislation process and
getting all benefits from the government but agriculture was no longer
profitable for small farmers and farmers was abandoning agriculture and
migrating to cities. She called for organising of farmers association so that
they could fight for their rights.

Nasir Aziz policy officer from ActionAid cited success stories of many countries
regarding sustainable agriculture. He said the promotion of sustainable
agriculture not only saving environment but also boost farmers income.

Farmers from India are earning billion of rupees through promotion of organic
produces. He highlighted some sustainable agriculture model in Pakistan but he
lamented lack of enabling environment was discouraging practices of sustainable
agriculture by small farmers.

Tariq Mehmood, president Kissan Ittehad said agriculture share in GDP was
decreasing as agriculture for small farmer was no longer profitable. The input
cost has increased manifold but prices are not catching up with that pace as
result farmers were trapped in the clutches of vicious circle and thus poverty
increased.

Farmers wanted to practice sustainable agriculture but multinational companies
with the collaboration of government crating antagonist environment and
promoting GMOs, which are detrimental for environment, agriculture and food
security.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2012 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                     January 15, 2015 Thursday 1:23 PM  EST

UNION AGRICULTURE MINISTER SINGH URGES STUDENTS AND SCIENTISTS OF AGRICULTURE
FATERNITY TO ADOPT 1 VILLAGE FOR CREATING AWARENESS AMONG FARMERS

LENGTH: 605  words


NEW DELHI, Jan. 15 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

Union Agriculture Minister, Shri Radha Mohan Singh underlined the importance of
fundamentals of agricultural growth for the development of country as he
mentioned improved soil health, high productive seeds, modern agriculture
practces and best practices, effective irrigation facilities, water to every
agricultural land, apt marketing facility for agricultural produce are essential
points for development of agriculture as a whole.

Union Agriculture Minister, Shri Radha Mohan Singh was presenting his views on
the occasion of a function titled "Agri@8%- Challanges and Way out" in New Delhi
today.

Various discussion points during the programme included Efficient system of
Agricultural production and agricultural productivity, Storage and distributon
of food products, Soil Mapping, Efficient water management, increasing yield and
variety of crops, tradiitional farming, awareness building among farmers,
balanced use of fertilisers, organic farming among a number of prespectives
presented by the presenters.

Union Agriculture Minister, Shri Singh complimented ASSOCHAM for organising this
function. Union Agriculture Minister, Shri Singh emphasised the need to create
awareness among farmers about best practices in the agriculture sector. He urged
students and scientist faternity from agriculture to create awareness among
farmers of atleast one village of their hometown about various inititives in
agriculture with the theme of "Mera Gaon, Mera Gaurav". He also mentioned that
there are approximately 20,000 scientist and 50,000 students from agriculture
,who are graduate or PhD's of agriculture.

The function was jointly organised by Ministry of Agriculture, Ministry of Food
processing industries, Government of India, Department of Science & Techonlogy,
Government of India, Department of Biotechnology, Government of Bihar and
NABARD.

Mentioning about Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana, Shri Singh said that the
programme will play a vital roile in bringing water to every agricultural land
in the country. He added that Soil Health Card provided to farmers will be a
tool to identify the nutritional requirement of the soil and apt laboratory
analysis for increasing the agriculture production and productivity. He
emphasised about organic fertiliser and traditional farming practices during his
discussion.

He said that with the setting up of the Price stabilisation fund, farmers will
be able to get renumerative prices for their agriculture products.

Shri Singh spoke about e-Marketing of agriculture products especially
horticulture produce like lichi, mango, gauva and emphasised that horticulture,
dairy and fishery has potential to generate huge employment for farmers,
especially youth.

He mentioned that Government has made inititives for development of Animal
Husbandary, Dairy and Fisheries sector. He said the indigenous cows have a high
tolerance towards the climate change and breeding of indigenous cows is
essential for long term prespective of growth and productivity in agriculture
output. He also mentioned that there is a need for adopting scientific attitude
towards agriculture production to achieve the goal of higher growth in
agriculture as a whole.

Present on the occasion were Union Minister of State for Agriculture, Shri
Mohanbhai Kalyanjibhai Kundariya, Agriculture Minister of Bihar, Shri Narendra
Singh, Shri Anil Jain, Shri Babulal Jain, Shri Tripurari Sharan among others.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

More funds demanded to support poor growers

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 256

LENGTH: 526  words


Participants of a one-day dialogue held here on Monday complained about the
successive governments' indifference to small farmers and women agriculturists
and demanded sufficient budgetary allocations for agriculture sector to support
poor growers.

The dialogue on 'post-budget dialogue with agriculture ministry's officials and
civil society organisations' was organised by the Pakistan Kissan Ittehad in
collaboration with the ActionAid Pakistan at a local hotel.

Besides farmers, civil society and media representatives, agricultural experts
form Mansehra, Mardan, Swabi, Buner, Peshawar, Charsadda and other districts of
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa were also in attendance.

Javed Maqbool of the agriculture department appreciated the suggestions of small
farmers and said they should be examined for incorporation in the agriculture
sector budget 2014-15.

He said the provincial government was making efforts to promote sustainable
agriculture, especially organic farming and working on sustainable agriculture
to ensure food security and resolve problems of small farmers.

The official of the agriculture department said agriculture had great importance
in the annual budget because a sizeable population in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa had
dependence on it.

He said currently, a major portion of the budget was spent on non-developmental
expenditure and therefore, small farmers and women had yet to get proper
attention.

Javed Maqbool said the agriculture department had to carry out activities
considering financial resources allocated for them.

He praised the provincial government for allocating Rs160 million during the
current year for agriculture in addition to the routine budget, saying that
showed the government's interest in the promotion of agriculture sector.

Agriculture expert and former director general of agriculture department Allah
Dad Khan shared information about the budget trend in agriculture sector over
last five years and declared the tendency very low in agriculture sector.

He said major portion of the budget used to be non-developmental and therefore,
small farmers and women growers weren't financed.

Pakistan Kissan Ittehad provincial coordinator Liaquat Yousafzai blamed most
problems of small farmers, including inactive farm service centres, marketing
problems and lack of promotion of sustainable agriculture, on the unavailability
of sufficient budget in agriculture sector.

He said small farmers had long been demanding increase in budget of agriculture
sector, but to no avail. Liaquat Yousafzai said of the total area in the
country, 67 per cent population belonged to farming and 85 percent of them were
small farmers and women.

He suggested division of funds along justifiable basis to support members of
low-income groups. ActionAid provincial programme officer Pervaiz Iqbal Ansari
suggested the government allocate agriculture budget in consultation with
farmers of all levels, saying this will help end injustices.

Other speakers, including CDO's Ashfaq Ahmad and farmers Jamsher Khan, Israj
Bibi, Sartaj Ahmad and Gulzar Khan, shared their experiences and said the
government should offer generous support to farmers for their welfare.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2014 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                               February 27, 2017

                              Tekfen Holding A.S.

                           Tekfen Sitesi A Blok No:7
                          Kultur Mahallesi Budak Sokak
                                 ISTANBUL 34340
                                     Turkey

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 90-212-3593300, Contact Phone: 90-212-3593832
FAX: 90-212-3593305
URL: Home Page: http://www.tekfen.com.tr
E-MAIL: ryolalan@tekfen.com.tr

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: TKFEN
CUSIP: M8788F103
ISIN: TRETKHO00012
SEDOL: B29D241
Reuters Instrument Code: TKFEN.IS
Display RIC: TKFEN.IS

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 11, 1971
EMPLOYEES: 14,295

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
CONTACT: Osman Yolalan, Vice President of Corporate Affairs



OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
NAME            CURRENT TITLE (DATE)      OFFICER      DIRECTOR     AGE   SEX
                                          SINCE        SINCE
Mr. Ali         Chairman of the Board                               90    M
Gokyigit        (2013)
Mr. Osman       President of Group                                        M
Birgili         Companies, Chief
                Executive Officer
Mr. Erhan Oner  Group Companies President 2000                      69    M
                and Chief Executive
                Officer (2000)
Ms. Cansevil    Executive Vice Chairman                             85    F
Akcaglilar      of the Board (2007)
Dr. Osman       Vice President of         2006                      54    M
Yolalan         Corporate Affairs
Ms. Esin Mete   Vice President -          2000                      66    F
                Agri-Industry Group
                (2000)
Dr. Ahmet       Member of the Board       1994         2014         70    M
Ipekci          (2014)
Mr. Sinan Uzan  Member of the Board                                       M
Mr. Murat Gigin Non-Executive Member of                             63    M
                the Board
Dr. Mehmet      Non-Executive Member of                2008         60    M
Kumcu           the Board (2008)
Prof. Dr. Emre  Independent Member of the                           78    M
Gonensay        Board

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
23331 - Manufacturing and Industrial Building Construction
SECONDARY NAICS:
325311 - Nitrogenous Fertilizer Manufacturing
53139 - Other Activities Related to Real Estate
23332 - Commercial and Institutional Building Construction
23411 - Highway  and Street Construction
23321 - Single Family Housing Construction
23492 - Power and Communication Transmission Line Construction
52211 - Commercial Banking
53132 - Offices of Real Estate Appraisers
551112 - Offices of  Other Holding Companies
PRIMARY SIC:
1541 - Industrial Buildings/warehouses
SECONDARY SIC:
2873 - Nitrogenous Fertilizers
6531 - Real Estate Agents And Managers
1542 - Nonresidential Construction, Nec
1611 - Highway And Street Construction
1531 - Operative Builders
1623 - Water, Sewer, And Utility Lines
6029 - Commercial Banks, Nec
6719 - Holding Companies, Nec

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  International Financial Reporting Stand.
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170227

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 TRY)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Cash                                   136,544          86,472          84,347
Cash & Equivalents                      40,955          16,791          53,400
Short Term Investments               1,414,051         928,939         951,113
Cash and Short Term                  1,591,550       1,032,202       1,088,860
Investments
Accounts Receivable - Trade,            20,680          25,440          17,819
Gross
Provision for Doubtful                (30,850)        (26,068)        (56,292)
Accounts
Accounts Receivable - Trade,         1,075,322         959,646         704,388
Net
Receivables - Other                    501,351         500,705         465,011
Total Receivables, Net               1,576,673       1,460,351       1,169,399
Inventories - Finished Goods            68,557         146,012         178,885
Inventories - Work In Progress         207,608         259,394         159,262
Inventories - Raw Materials            103,605         116,391          62,378
Inventories - Other                    588,971         369,649         321,954
Total Inventory                        968,741         891,446         722,479
Prepaid Expenses                        91,213          62,672          77,514
Discountinued Operations -              24,181          23,851          19,485
Current Asset
Other Current Assets                   281,423         242,760         177,433
Other Current Assets, Total            305,604         266,611         196,918
Total Current Assets                 4,533,781       3,713,282       3,255,170
Buildings - Gross                      562,986         531,029         471,181
Land/Improvements - Gross              472,398         393,352         356,224
Machinery/Equipment - Gross          2,123,769       1,856,884       1,224,549
Construction in Progress -              42,605          74,310         498,063
Gross
Other Property/Plant/Equipment          96,888          89,568          78,480
- Gross
Property/Plant/Equipment,            3,298,646       2,945,143       2,628,497
Total - Gross
Accumulated Depreciation,          (1,810,973)     (1,565,899)     (1,442,738)
Total
Property/Plant/Equipment,            1,487,673       1,379,244       1,185,759
Total - Net
Intangibles - Gross                     46,920          38,663          23,402
Accumulated Intangible                (30,242)        (24,059)        (18,688)
Amortization
Intangibles, Net                        16,678          14,604           4,714
LT Investment - Affiliate              118,445         147,848         149,307
Companies
LT Investments - Other                 257,994         159,600         147,079
Long Term Investments                  376,439         307,448         296,386
Note Receivable - Long Term            156,365         131,564          91,171
Deferred Charges                         6,348          11,273          21,947
Defered Income Tax - Long Term          50,999          41,814          47,076
Asset
Other Long Term Assets                  40,526          26,826          53,259
Other Long Term Assets, Total           97,873          79,913         122,282
Total Assets                         6,668,809       5,626,055       4,955,482



LIABILITIES ('000 TRY)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Accounts Payable                     1,528,823       1,211,747       1,106,045
Accrued Expenses                       143,354          68,907          80,791
Notes Payable/Short Term Debt          920,641         615,133         676,552
Current Port. of LT                     88,774         327,707          21,679
Debt/Capital Leases
Customer Advances                      685,253         361,164         237,842
Income Taxes Payable                    57,062          48,486          45,733
Other Payables                          73,815          25,363          15,273
Other Current Liabilities              398,841         231,041          93,851
Other Current liabilities,           1,214,971         666,054         392,699
Total
Total Current Liabilities            3,896,563       2,889,548       2,277,766
Long Term Debt                         249,660         268,170         383,851
Capital Lease Obligations                1,890           3,900           5,851
Total Long Term Debt                   251,550         272,070         389,702
Total Debt                           1,260,965       1,214,910       1,087,933
Deferred Income Tax - LT                27,360          48,582          63,938
Liability
Deferred Income Tax                     27,360          48,582          63,938
Minority Interest                       29,776          27,777          36,899
Reserves                                    81              75              65
Pension Benefits - Underfunded          40,054          60,977          36,649
Other Long Term Liabilities             73,744         269,668         191,298
Other Liabilities, Total               113,879         330,720         228,012
Total Liabilities                    4,319,128       3,568,697       2,996,317



EQUITY ('000 TRY)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Common Stock                           370,000         370,000         370,000
Common Stock, Total                    370,000         370,000         370,000
Additional Paid-In Capital             300,984         300,984         300,984
Retained Earnings (Accumulated       1,474,480       1,223,046       1,071,830
Deficit)
Unrealized Gain (Loss)                  71,775          51,995          50,060
Translation Adjustment                 125,977         108,234         163,474
Other Equity                             3,475           3,475           3,475
Other Comprehensive Income               2,990           (376)           (658)
Other Equity, Total                    132,442         111,333         166,291
Total Equity                         2,349,681       2,057,358       1,959,165
Total Liabilities &                  6,668,809       5,626,055       4,955,482
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock             370,000         370,000         370,000
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                    370,000         370,000         370,000
Outstanding



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Full-Time Employees                     14,295          13,234          13,878
Accumulated Intangible Amort,           30,242          24,059          18,688
Suppl.
Deferred Revenue - Current             685,253         361,164         237,842



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Total Current Assets less            3,565,040       2,821,836       2,532,691
Inventory('000 TRY)
Quick Ratio                                  1               1               1
Current Ratio                                1               1               1
Net Debt Incl. Pref.Stock &          (300,809)         210,485          35,972
Min.Interest('000 TRY)
Tangible Book Value, Common          2,333,003       2,042,754       1,954,451
Equity('000 TRY)
Tangible Book Value per Share,               6               6               5
Common Eq (TRY)



FOOTNOTE DEBT ('000 TRY)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Total Long Term Debt,                    1,251           1,204           1,010
Supplemental
Long Term Debt Maturing within           1,002             936             678
1 Year
Long Term Debt Maturing in                  83              67             177
Year 2
Long Term Debt Maturing in                  83              67              52
Year 3
Long Term Debt Maturing in                  83              67              52
Year 4
Long Term Debt Maturing in 2-3             166             134             228
Years
Long Term Debt Maturing in 4-5              83             134             104
Years

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 TRY)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Gross Revenue                        4,739,535       3,893,958       4,492,854
Sales Returns and Allowances           (2,138)         (5,786)        (18,099)
Revenue                              4,737,397       3,888,172       4,474,755
Total Revenue                        4,737,397       3,888,172       4,474,755
Cost of Revenue                      4,083,852       3,479,298       4,022,331
Cost of Revenue, Total               4,083,852       3,479,298       4,022,331
Gross Profit                           653,545         408,874         452,424
Selling/General/Administrative         177,698         162,271         163,354
Expense
Labor & Related Expense                112,155          98,663          86,688
Selling/General/Admin.                 289,853         260,934         250,042
Expenses, Total
Depreciation                             5,756           6,298           7,218
Depreciation/Amortization                5,756           6,298           7,218
Investment Income - Operating           56,262          34,223        (23,124)
Interest/Investment Income -            56,262          34,223        (23,124)
Operating
Interest                                56,262          34,223        (23,124)
Exp.(Inc.),Net-Operating,
Total
Litigation                               2,990          12,402           4,065
Unusual Expense (Income)                 2,990          12,402           4,065
Other Operating Expense                 33,928          16,616         218,849
Other, Net                            (49,793)        (38,122)        (29,141)
Other Operating Expenses,             (15,865)        (21,506)         189,708
Total
Total Operating Expense              4,424,104       3,771,649       4,450,240
Operating Income                       313,293         116,523          24,515
Interest Expense -                    (47,722)        (41,248)        (39,905)
Non-Operating
Interest Expense, Net                 (47,722)        (41,248)        (39,905)
Non-Operating
Interest Income -                       69,835          89,065          84,420
Non-Operating
Investment Income -                     82,483          55,127          12,698
Non-Operating
Interest/Invest Income -               152,318         144,192          97,118
Non-Operating
Interest                               104,596         102,944          57,213
Inc.(Exp.),Net-Non-Op., Total
Gain (Loss) on Sale of Assets           10,195           9,620           5,214
Other Non-Operating Income              10,854          30,473           8,753
(Expense)
Other, Net                              10,854          30,473           8,753
Net Income Before Taxes                438,938         259,560          95,695
Provision for Income Taxes             108,615          66,524          37,838
Net Income After Taxes                 330,323         193,036          57,857
Minority Interest                      (5,912)         (7,570)         (1,948)
Net Income Before Extra. Items         324,411         185,466          55,909
Income Available to Com Excl           324,411         185,466          55,909
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares          370,000         370,000         370,000
Basic EPS Excluding                          1               1               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average               370,000         370,000         370,000
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd               1               1               0
Items
DPS - Common Stock Primary                   0               0               0
Issue



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 TRY)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Net Income                             324,411         185,466          55,909
Income Available to Com Incl           324,411         185,466          55,909
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 TRY)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Total Special Items                    (7,205)           2,782         (1,149)
Normalized Income Before Taxes         431,733         262,342          94,546
Effect of Special Items on             (1,783)             713           (454)
Income Taxes
Inc Tax Ex Impact of Sp Items          106,832          67,237          37,384
Normalized Income After Taxes          324,901         195,105          57,162
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.          318,989         187,535          55,214
Basic Normalized EPS                         1               1               0
Diluted Normalized EPS                       1               1               0



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Gross Margin                                14              11              10
Operating Margin                             7               3               1
Pretax Margin                                9               7               2
Effective Tax Rate                          25              26              40
Net Profit Margin                            7               5               1
Normalized EBIT('000 TRY)              372,545         163,148           5,456
Normalized EBITDA('000 TRY)            489,998         264,738          93,077



FOOTNOTE TAX ('000 TRY)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Current Tax - Total                    144,562          80,971          48,799
Current Tax - Total                    144,562          80,971          48,799
Deferred Tax - Total                  (35,947)        (14,447)        (10,319)
Deferred Tax - Total                  (35,947)        (14,447)        (10,319)
Income Tax - Total                     108,615          66,524          37,838



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 TRY)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Basic EPS Including                          1               1               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                         324             185              56
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd               1               1               0
Items



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Interest Expense, Supplemental          47,722          41,248          39,905
Depreciation, Supplemental             115,352          99,703          86,360
Amort of Intangibles,                    2,101           1,887           1,261
Supplemental
Rental Expense, Supplemental           143,628         107,918         132,061
Labor & Related Expense Suppl.         803,984         595,463         609,248
Equity in Affiliates,                   57,238          51,962          41,127
Supplemental
Minority Interest,                     (5,912)         (7,570)         (1,948)
Supplemental

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 TRY)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Net Income/Starting Line               330,323         193,036          57,857
Depreciation                           114,396          95,880          85,965
Depreciation/Depletion                 114,396          95,880          85,965
Unusual Items                          (2,906)         (9,620)         (5,214)
Equity in Net Earnings (Loss)         (66,210)        (59,883)        (47,791)
Other Non-Cash Items                   138,377          74,869          43,868
Non-Cash Items                          69,261           5,366         (9,137)
Accounts Receivable                  (151,845)        (95,002)        (79,602)
Inventories                           (51,967)       (154,984)       (191,238)
Accounts Payable                       491,250         320,772         142,758
Other Liabilities                     (63,693)        (54,875)           (518)
Other Operating Cash Flow             (51,303)       (117,359)         126,147
Changes in Working Capital             172,442       (101,448)         (2,453)
Cash from Operating Activities         686,422         194,721         133,493
Purchase of Fixed Assets             (155,671)       (239,577)       (400,028)
Capital Expenditures                 (155,671)       (239,577)       (400,028)
Sale of Fixed Assets                     5,687          16,736          18,154
Other Investing Cash Flow             (15,504)          21,962          75,912
Other Investing Cash Flow              (7,980)          38,698          94,066
Items, Total
Cash from Investing Activities       (163,651)       (200,879)       (305,962)
Other Financing Cash Flow              (8,453)        (26,241)        (57,942)
Financing Cash Flow Items              (8,453)        (26,241)        (57,942)
Total Debt Issued                      911,879       1,084,389       1,147,558
Total Debt Reduction               (1,047,341)     (1,137,508)       (970,552)
Issuance (Retirement) of Debt,       (135,462)        (53,119)         177,006
Net
Cash from Financing Activities       (207,581)       (120,409)         119,064
Foreign Exchange Effects               136,037         111,320          45,701
Net Change in Cash                     451,227        (15,247)         (7,704)
Net Cash - Beginning Balance         1,032,202       1,047,449       1,055,153
Net Cash - Ending Balance            1,483,429       1,032,202       1,047,449
Cash Interest Paid                      46,718          38,956          33,513
Cash Taxes Paid                        140,651          69,004          59,966

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       4,533,781
TRY)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                      4,533,781
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,668,809
TRY)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        6,668,809
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          6,147,432
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,349,681
year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,057,358
1 year ago ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
quarter ('000 TRY)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                       1,591,550
Cash and Equivalents ('000 TRY)                                       1,591,550
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                        1,810,973
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                       1,810,973
('000 TRY)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          968,741
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              968,741
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                        3,896,563
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                      3,896,563
TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                          4,319,128
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                        4,319,128
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         251,550
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        251,550
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                      1,576,673
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                          1,576,673
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,349,681
TRY)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                       1,260,965
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           1,260,965
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                         114,396
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                         29,371
('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                          114,396
('000 TRY)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        63,666
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       467,085
TRY)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                         189,220
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                           530,751
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         1,855
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 TRY)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        13
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     44
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .77
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .85
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .77
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.39
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.93
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.39
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        23,998,180
('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            32,557,890
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        23,107,590
TRY)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.76
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   4.66
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           344,175.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               371,357.80
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 331,402.40
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.29
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            285.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                794.51
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,048.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   3.77
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       3.77
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          13.22
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            6.91
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                6.91
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.19
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    35.00
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 32.39
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               65.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         18.91
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             18.91
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.64
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            34.64
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.05
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 19.04
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       18.53
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   18.53
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.82
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      17.54
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              6.99
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            261.40
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           1,094.18
EPS Change % - year over year                                             74.92
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                74.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  16.81
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    6.00
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                           9.70
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            7.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         261.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    1,094.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  74.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      74.92
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             6.00
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -1.60
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         27.07
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          35.66
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            21.84
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          21.84
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              10.52
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                8.09
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                8.09
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          7.20
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     4,083,852
TRY)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                         1,115,319
TRY)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                      4,083,852
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          330,323
('000 TRY)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        116,035
TRY)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         330,323
TRY)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          324,901
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         438,938
('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       147,707
TRY)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         438,938
TRY)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          431,733
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                               372,545
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                   135,620
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                     372,545
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                              489,998
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 TRY)                           264,738
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                  165,147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                    489,998
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         47,722
TRY)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        17,372
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          47,722
Net Income available to common - most recent                            324,411
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            114,439
quarter ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            324,411
months ('000 TRY)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       318,989
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,256
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                               29
quarter ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            1,256
month ('000 TRY)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          4,737,397
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              1,323,504
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          3,888,172
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                4,737,397
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 28.99
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        24.74
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     25.63
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            21.44
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              24.74
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                         108,615
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              31,672
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                               108,615
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   884
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 TRY)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 TRY)                            332,825
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  3.32
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.37
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             7.48
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               3.65
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               5.37
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.94
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             14.72
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            20.21
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               9.24
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              14.72
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.62
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.12
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                17.55
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.12
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
quarter ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              421
year ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               421
('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             155
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,210
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                50
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,578
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              393
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           672
ago ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,210
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,301
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           4,301
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                            1,324
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              877
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              309
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   877
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              862
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           1,262
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (232)
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (241)
1 (not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            2,029
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              511
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            71
year ago ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              1,434
('000 TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               680
TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              680
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            12,804
TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         14,347
('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  3,577
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                             12,804
Historical Relative P/E                                                    5.12
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              7.37
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           12.60
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          36.54
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            7.30
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   36.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     7.37
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             8.86
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.01
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          6.42
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                 4.92
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           4.95
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           6.42
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            6.15
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            5.42
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .61
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .54
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .38
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .61
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.23
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.23
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.02
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.02
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              5.20
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    10.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.34
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 13.80
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 10.52
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                              9.70
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        15.73
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.80
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         3.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           6.97
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           4.96
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.96
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.97
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              6.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              3.00
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          3.20
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     4.60
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       6.61
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 9.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 6.68
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             5.51
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       11.16
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          9.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                             6.12
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                            5.82
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                              6.23
Float                                                                    221.48
Market capitalization ('000 TRY)                                      2,874,900
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            370.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           370.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         370.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           370.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             370.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        370.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           370.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            59.86



Cash Flow
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       4,533,781
TRY)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                      4,533,781
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,668,809
TRY)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        6,668,809
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          6,147,432
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,349,681
year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,057,358
1 year ago ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
quarter ('000 TRY)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                       1,591,550
Cash and Equivalents ('000 TRY)                                       1,591,550
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                        1,810,973
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                       1,810,973
('000 TRY)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          968,741
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              968,741
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                        3,896,563
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                      3,896,563
TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                          4,319,128
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                        4,319,128
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         251,550
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        251,550
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                      1,576,673
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                          1,576,673
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,349,681
TRY)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                       1,260,965
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           1,260,965
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                         114,396
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                         29,371
('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                          114,396
('000 TRY)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        63,666
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       467,085
TRY)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                         189,220
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                           530,751
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         1,855
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 TRY)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        13
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     44
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .77
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .85
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .77
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.39
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.93
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.39
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        23,998,180
('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            32,557,890
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        23,107,590
TRY)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.76
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   4.66
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           344,175.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               371,357.80
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 331,402.40
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.29
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            285.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                794.51
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,048.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   3.77
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       3.77
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          13.22
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            6.91
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                6.91
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.19
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    35.00
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 32.39
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               65.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         18.91
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             18.91
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.64
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            34.64
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.05
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 19.04
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       18.53
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   18.53
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.82
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      17.54
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              6.99
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            261.40
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           1,094.18
EPS Change % - year over year                                             74.92
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                74.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  16.81
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    6.00
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                           9.70
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            7.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         261.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    1,094.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  74.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      74.92
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             6.00
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -1.60
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         27.07
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          35.66
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            21.84
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          21.84
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              10.52
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                8.09
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                8.09
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          7.20
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     4,083,852
TRY)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                         1,115,319
TRY)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                      4,083,852
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          330,323
('000 TRY)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        116,035
TRY)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         330,323
TRY)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          324,901
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         438,938
('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       147,707
TRY)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         438,938
TRY)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          431,733
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                               372,545
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                   135,620
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                     372,545
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                              489,998
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 TRY)                           264,738
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                  165,147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                    489,998
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         47,722
TRY)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        17,372
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          47,722
Net Income available to common - most recent                            324,411
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            114,439
quarter ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            324,411
months ('000 TRY)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       318,989
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,256
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                               29
quarter ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            1,256
month ('000 TRY)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          4,737,397
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              1,323,504
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          3,888,172
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                4,737,397
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 28.99
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        24.74
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     25.63
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            21.44
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              24.74
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                         108,615
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              31,672
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                               108,615
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   884
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 TRY)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 TRY)                            332,825
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  3.32
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.37
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             7.48
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               3.65
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               5.37
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.94
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             14.72
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            20.21
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               9.24
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              14.72
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.62
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.12
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                17.55
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.12
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
quarter ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              421
year ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               421
('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             155
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,210
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                50
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,578
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              393
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           672
ago ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,210
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,301
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           4,301
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                            1,324
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              877
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              309
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   877
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              862
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           1,262
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (232)
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (241)
1 (not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            2,029
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              511
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            71
year ago ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              1,434
('000 TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               680
TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              680
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            12,804
TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         14,347
('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  3,577
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                             12,804
Historical Relative P/E                                                    5.12
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              7.37
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           12.60
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          36.54
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            7.30
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   36.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     7.37
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             8.86
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.01
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          6.42
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                 4.92
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           4.95
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           6.42
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            6.15
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            5.42
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .61
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .54
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .38
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .61
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.23
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.23
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.02
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.02
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              5.20
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    10.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.34
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 13.80
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 10.52
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                              9.70
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        15.73
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.80
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         3.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           6.97
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           4.96
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.96
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.97
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              6.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              3.00
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          3.20
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     4.60
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       6.61
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 9.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 6.68
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             5.51
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       11.16
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          9.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                             6.12
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                            5.82
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                              6.23
Float                                                                    221.48
Market capitalization ('000 TRY)                                      2,874,900
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            370.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           370.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         370.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           370.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             370.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        370.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           370.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            59.86



Descriptive
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       4,533,781
TRY)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                      4,533,781
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,668,809
TRY)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        6,668,809
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          6,147,432
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,349,681
year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,057,358
1 year ago ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
quarter ('000 TRY)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                       1,591,550
Cash and Equivalents ('000 TRY)                                       1,591,550
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                        1,810,973
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                       1,810,973
('000 TRY)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          968,741
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              968,741
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                        3,896,563
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                      3,896,563
TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                          4,319,128
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                        4,319,128
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         251,550
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        251,550
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                      1,576,673
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                          1,576,673
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,349,681
TRY)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                       1,260,965
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           1,260,965
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                         114,396
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                         29,371
('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                          114,396
('000 TRY)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        63,666
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       467,085
TRY)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                         189,220
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                           530,751
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         1,855
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 TRY)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        13
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     44
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .77
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .85
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .77
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.39
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.93
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.39
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        23,998,180
('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            32,557,890
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        23,107,590
TRY)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.76
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   4.66
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           344,175.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               371,357.80
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 331,402.40
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.29
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            285.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                794.51
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,048.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   3.77
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       3.77
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          13.22
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            6.91
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                6.91
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.19
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    35.00
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 32.39
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               65.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         18.91
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             18.91
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.64
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            34.64
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.05
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 19.04
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       18.53
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   18.53
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.82
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      17.54
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              6.99
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            261.40
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           1,094.18
EPS Change % - year over year                                             74.92
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                74.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  16.81
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    6.00
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                           9.70
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            7.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         261.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    1,094.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  74.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      74.92
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             6.00
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -1.60
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         27.07
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          35.66
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            21.84
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          21.84
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              10.52
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                8.09
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                8.09
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          7.20
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     4,083,852
TRY)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                         1,115,319
TRY)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                      4,083,852
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          330,323
('000 TRY)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        116,035
TRY)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         330,323
TRY)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          324,901
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         438,938
('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       147,707
TRY)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         438,938
TRY)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          431,733
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                               372,545
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                   135,620
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                     372,545
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                              489,998
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 TRY)                           264,738
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                  165,147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                    489,998
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         47,722
TRY)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        17,372
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          47,722
Net Income available to common - most recent                            324,411
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            114,439
quarter ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            324,411
months ('000 TRY)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       318,989
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,256
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                               29
quarter ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            1,256
month ('000 TRY)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          4,737,397
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              1,323,504
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          3,888,172
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                4,737,397
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 28.99
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        24.74
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     25.63
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            21.44
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              24.74
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                         108,615
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              31,672
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                               108,615
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   884
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 TRY)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 TRY)                            332,825
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  3.32
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.37
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             7.48
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               3.65
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               5.37
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.94
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             14.72
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            20.21
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               9.24
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              14.72
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.62
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.12
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                17.55
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.12
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
quarter ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              421
year ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               421
('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             155
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,210
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                50
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,578
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              393
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           672
ago ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,210
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,301
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           4,301
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                            1,324
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              877
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              309
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   877
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              862
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           1,262
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (232)
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (241)
1 (not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            2,029
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              511
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            71
year ago ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              1,434
('000 TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               680
TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              680
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            12,804
TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         14,347
('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  3,577
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                             12,804
Historical Relative P/E                                                    5.12
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              7.37
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           12.60
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          36.54
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            7.30
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   36.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     7.37
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             8.86
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.01
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          6.42
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                 4.92
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           4.95
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           6.42
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            6.15
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            5.42
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .61
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .54
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .38
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .61
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.23
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.23
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.02
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.02
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              5.20
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    10.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.34
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 13.80
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 10.52
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                              9.70
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        15.73
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.80
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         3.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           6.97
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           4.96
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.96
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.97
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              6.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              3.00
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          3.20
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     4.60
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       6.61
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 9.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 6.68
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             5.51
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       11.16
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          9.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                             6.12
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                            5.82
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                              6.23
Float                                                                    221.48
Market capitalization ('000 TRY)                                      2,874,900
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            370.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           370.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         370.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           370.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             370.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        370.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           370.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            59.86



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       4,533,781
TRY)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                      4,533,781
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,668,809
TRY)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        6,668,809
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          6,147,432
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,349,681
year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,057,358
1 year ago ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
quarter ('000 TRY)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                       1,591,550
Cash and Equivalents ('000 TRY)                                       1,591,550
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                        1,810,973
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                       1,810,973
('000 TRY)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          968,741
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              968,741
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                        3,896,563
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                      3,896,563
TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                          4,319,128
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                        4,319,128
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         251,550
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        251,550
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                      1,576,673
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                          1,576,673
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,349,681
TRY)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                       1,260,965
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           1,260,965
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                         114,396
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                         29,371
('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                          114,396
('000 TRY)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        63,666
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       467,085
TRY)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                         189,220
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                           530,751
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         1,855
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 TRY)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        13
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     44
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .77
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .85
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .77
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.39
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.93
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.39
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        23,998,180
('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            32,557,890
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        23,107,590
TRY)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.76
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   4.66
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           344,175.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               371,357.80
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 331,402.40
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.29
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            285.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                794.51
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,048.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   3.77
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       3.77
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          13.22
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            6.91
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                6.91
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.19
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    35.00
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 32.39
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               65.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         18.91
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             18.91
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.64
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            34.64
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.05
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 19.04
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       18.53
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   18.53
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.82
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      17.54
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              6.99
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            261.40
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           1,094.18
EPS Change % - year over year                                             74.92
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                74.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  16.81
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    6.00
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                           9.70
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            7.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         261.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    1,094.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  74.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      74.92
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             6.00
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -1.60
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         27.07
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          35.66
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            21.84
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          21.84
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              10.52
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                8.09
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                8.09
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          7.20
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     4,083,852
TRY)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                         1,115,319
TRY)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                      4,083,852
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          330,323
('000 TRY)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        116,035
TRY)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         330,323
TRY)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          324,901
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         438,938
('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       147,707
TRY)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         438,938
TRY)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          431,733
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                               372,545
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                   135,620
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                     372,545
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                              489,998
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 TRY)                           264,738
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                  165,147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                    489,998
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         47,722
TRY)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        17,372
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          47,722
Net Income available to common - most recent                            324,411
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            114,439
quarter ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            324,411
months ('000 TRY)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       318,989
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,256
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                               29
quarter ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            1,256
month ('000 TRY)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          4,737,397
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              1,323,504
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          3,888,172
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                4,737,397
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 28.99
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        24.74
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     25.63
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            21.44
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              24.74
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                         108,615
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              31,672
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                               108,615
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   884
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 TRY)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 TRY)                            332,825
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  3.32
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.37
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             7.48
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               3.65
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               5.37
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.94
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             14.72
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            20.21
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               9.24
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              14.72
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.62
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.12
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                17.55
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.12
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
quarter ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              421
year ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               421
('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             155
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,210
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                50
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,578
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              393
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           672
ago ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,210
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,301
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           4,301
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                            1,324
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              877
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              309
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   877
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              862
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           1,262
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (232)
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (241)
1 (not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            2,029
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              511
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            71
year ago ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              1,434
('000 TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               680
TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              680
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            12,804
TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         14,347
('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  3,577
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                             12,804
Historical Relative P/E                                                    5.12
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              7.37
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           12.60
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          36.54
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            7.30
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   36.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     7.37
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             8.86
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.01
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          6.42
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                 4.92
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           4.95
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           6.42
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            6.15
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            5.42
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .61
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .54
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .38
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .61
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.23
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.23
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.02
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.02
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              5.20
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    10.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.34
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 13.80
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 10.52
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                              9.70
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        15.73
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.80
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         3.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           6.97
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           4.96
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.96
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.97
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              6.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              3.00
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          3.20
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     4.60
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       6.61
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 9.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 6.68
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             5.51
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       11.16
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          9.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                             6.12
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                            5.82
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                              6.23
Float                                                                    221.48
Market capitalization ('000 TRY)                                      2,874,900
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            370.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           370.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         370.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           370.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             370.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        370.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           370.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            59.86



Financial Strength
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       4,533,781
TRY)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                      4,533,781
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,668,809
TRY)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        6,668,809
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          6,147,432
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,349,681
year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,057,358
1 year ago ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
quarter ('000 TRY)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                       1,591,550
Cash and Equivalents ('000 TRY)                                       1,591,550
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                        1,810,973
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                       1,810,973
('000 TRY)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          968,741
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              968,741
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                        3,896,563
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                      3,896,563
TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                          4,319,128
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                        4,319,128
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         251,550
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        251,550
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                      1,576,673
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                          1,576,673
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,349,681
TRY)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                       1,260,965
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           1,260,965
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                         114,396
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                         29,371
('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                          114,396
('000 TRY)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        63,666
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       467,085
TRY)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                         189,220
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                           530,751
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         1,855
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 TRY)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        13
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     44
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .77
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .85
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .77
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.39
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.93
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.39
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        23,998,180
('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            32,557,890
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        23,107,590
TRY)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.76
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   4.66
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           344,175.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               371,357.80
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 331,402.40
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.29
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            285.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                794.51
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,048.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   3.77
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       3.77
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          13.22
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            6.91
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                6.91
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.19
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    35.00
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 32.39
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               65.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         18.91
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             18.91
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.64
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            34.64
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.05
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 19.04
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       18.53
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   18.53
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.82
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      17.54
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              6.99
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            261.40
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           1,094.18
EPS Change % - year over year                                             74.92
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                74.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  16.81
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    6.00
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                           9.70
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            7.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         261.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    1,094.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  74.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      74.92
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             6.00
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -1.60
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         27.07
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          35.66
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            21.84
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          21.84
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              10.52
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                8.09
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                8.09
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          7.20
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     4,083,852
TRY)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                         1,115,319
TRY)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                      4,083,852
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          330,323
('000 TRY)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        116,035
TRY)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         330,323
TRY)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          324,901
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         438,938
('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       147,707
TRY)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         438,938
TRY)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          431,733
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                               372,545
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                   135,620
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                     372,545
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                              489,998
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 TRY)                           264,738
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                  165,147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                    489,998
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         47,722
TRY)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        17,372
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          47,722
Net Income available to common - most recent                            324,411
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            114,439
quarter ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            324,411
months ('000 TRY)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       318,989
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,256
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                               29
quarter ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            1,256
month ('000 TRY)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          4,737,397
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              1,323,504
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          3,888,172
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                4,737,397
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 28.99
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        24.74
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     25.63
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            21.44
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              24.74
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                         108,615
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              31,672
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                               108,615
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   884
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 TRY)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 TRY)                            332,825
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  3.32
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.37
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             7.48
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               3.65
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               5.37
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.94
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             14.72
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            20.21
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               9.24
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              14.72
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.62
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.12
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                17.55
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.12
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
quarter ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              421
year ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               421
('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             155
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,210
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                50
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,578
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              393
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           672
ago ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,210
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,301
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           4,301
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                            1,324
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              877
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              309
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   877
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              862
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           1,262
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (232)
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (241)
1 (not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            2,029
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              511
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            71
year ago ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              1,434
('000 TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               680
TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              680
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            12,804
TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         14,347
('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  3,577
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                             12,804
Historical Relative P/E                                                    5.12
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              7.37
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           12.60
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          36.54
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            7.30
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   36.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     7.37
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             8.86
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.01
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          6.42
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                 4.92
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           4.95
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           6.42
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            6.15
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            5.42
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .61
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .54
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .38
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .61
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.23
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.23
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.02
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.02
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              5.20
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    10.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.34
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 13.80
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 10.52
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                              9.70
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        15.73
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.80
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         3.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           6.97
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           4.96
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.96
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.97
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              6.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              3.00
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          3.20
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     4.60
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       6.61
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 9.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 6.68
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             5.51
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       11.16
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          9.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                             6.12
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                            5.82
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                              6.23
Float                                                                    221.48
Market capitalization ('000 TRY)                                      2,874,900
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            370.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           370.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         370.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           370.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             370.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        370.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           370.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            59.86



Growth Rates
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       4,533,781
TRY)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                      4,533,781
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,668,809
TRY)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        6,668,809
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          6,147,432
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,349,681
year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,057,358
1 year ago ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
quarter ('000 TRY)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                       1,591,550
Cash and Equivalents ('000 TRY)                                       1,591,550
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                        1,810,973
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                       1,810,973
('000 TRY)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          968,741
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              968,741
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                        3,896,563
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                      3,896,563
TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                          4,319,128
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                        4,319,128
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         251,550
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        251,550
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                      1,576,673
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                          1,576,673
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,349,681
TRY)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                       1,260,965
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           1,260,965
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                         114,396
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                         29,371
('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                          114,396
('000 TRY)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        63,666
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       467,085
TRY)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                         189,220
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                           530,751
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         1,855
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 TRY)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        13
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     44
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .77
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .85
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .77
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.39
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.93
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.39
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        23,998,180
('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            32,557,890
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        23,107,590
TRY)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.76
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   4.66
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           344,175.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               371,357.80
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 331,402.40
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.29
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            285.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                794.51
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,048.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   3.77
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       3.77
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          13.22
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            6.91
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                6.91
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.19
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    35.00
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 32.39
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               65.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         18.91
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             18.91
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.64
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            34.64
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.05
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 19.04
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       18.53
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   18.53
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.82
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      17.54
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              6.99
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            261.40
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           1,094.18
EPS Change % - year over year                                             74.92
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                74.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  16.81
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    6.00
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                           9.70
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            7.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         261.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    1,094.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  74.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      74.92
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             6.00
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -1.60
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         27.07
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          35.66
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            21.84
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          21.84
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              10.52
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                8.09
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                8.09
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          7.20
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     4,083,852
TRY)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                         1,115,319
TRY)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                      4,083,852
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          330,323
('000 TRY)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        116,035
TRY)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         330,323
TRY)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          324,901
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         438,938
('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       147,707
TRY)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         438,938
TRY)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          431,733
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                               372,545
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                   135,620
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                     372,545
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                              489,998
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 TRY)                           264,738
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                  165,147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                    489,998
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         47,722
TRY)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        17,372
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          47,722
Net Income available to common - most recent                            324,411
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            114,439
quarter ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            324,411
months ('000 TRY)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       318,989
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,256
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                               29
quarter ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            1,256
month ('000 TRY)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          4,737,397
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              1,323,504
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          3,888,172
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                4,737,397
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 28.99
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        24.74
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     25.63
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            21.44
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              24.74
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                         108,615
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              31,672
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                               108,615
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   884
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 TRY)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 TRY)                            332,825
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  3.32
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.37
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             7.48
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               3.65
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               5.37
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.94
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             14.72
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            20.21
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               9.24
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              14.72
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.62
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.12
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                17.55
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.12
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
quarter ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              421
year ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               421
('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             155
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,210
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                50
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,578
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              393
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           672
ago ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,210
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,301
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           4,301
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                            1,324
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              877
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              309
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   877
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              862
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           1,262
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (232)
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (241)
1 (not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            2,029
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              511
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            71
year ago ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              1,434
('000 TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               680
TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              680
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            12,804
TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         14,347
('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  3,577
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                             12,804
Historical Relative P/E                                                    5.12
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              7.37
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           12.60
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          36.54
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            7.30
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   36.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     7.37
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             8.86
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.01
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          6.42
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                 4.92
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           4.95
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           6.42
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            6.15
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            5.42
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .61
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .54
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .38
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .61
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.23
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.23
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.02
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.02
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              5.20
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    10.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.34
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 13.80
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 10.52
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                              9.70
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        15.73
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.80
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         3.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           6.97
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           4.96
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.96
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.97
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              6.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              3.00
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          3.20
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     4.60
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       6.61
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 9.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 6.68
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             5.51
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       11.16
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          9.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                             6.12
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                            5.82
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                              6.23
Float                                                                    221.48
Market capitalization ('000 TRY)                                      2,874,900
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            370.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           370.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         370.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           370.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             370.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        370.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           370.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            59.86



Income Statement
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       4,533,781
TRY)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                      4,533,781
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,668,809
TRY)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        6,668,809
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          6,147,432
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,349,681
year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,057,358
1 year ago ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
quarter ('000 TRY)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                       1,591,550
Cash and Equivalents ('000 TRY)                                       1,591,550
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                        1,810,973
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                       1,810,973
('000 TRY)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          968,741
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              968,741
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                        3,896,563
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                      3,896,563
TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                          4,319,128
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                        4,319,128
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         251,550
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        251,550
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                      1,576,673
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                          1,576,673
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,349,681
TRY)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                       1,260,965
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           1,260,965
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                         114,396
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                         29,371
('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                          114,396
('000 TRY)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        63,666
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       467,085
TRY)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                         189,220
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                           530,751
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         1,855
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 TRY)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        13
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     44
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .77
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .85
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .77
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.39
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.93
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.39
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        23,998,180
('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            32,557,890
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        23,107,590
TRY)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.76
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   4.66
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           344,175.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               371,357.80
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 331,402.40
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.29
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            285.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                794.51
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,048.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   3.77
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       3.77
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          13.22
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            6.91
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                6.91
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.19
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    35.00
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 32.39
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               65.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         18.91
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             18.91
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.64
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            34.64
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.05
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 19.04
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       18.53
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   18.53
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.82
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      17.54
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              6.99
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            261.40
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           1,094.18
EPS Change % - year over year                                             74.92
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                74.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  16.81
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    6.00
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                           9.70
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            7.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         261.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    1,094.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  74.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      74.92
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             6.00
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -1.60
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         27.07
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          35.66
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            21.84
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          21.84
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              10.52
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                8.09
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                8.09
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          7.20
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     4,083,852
TRY)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                         1,115,319
TRY)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                      4,083,852
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          330,323
('000 TRY)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        116,035
TRY)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         330,323
TRY)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          324,901
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         438,938
('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       147,707
TRY)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         438,938
TRY)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          431,733
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                               372,545
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                   135,620
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                     372,545
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                              489,998
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 TRY)                           264,738
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                  165,147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                    489,998
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         47,722
TRY)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        17,372
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          47,722
Net Income available to common - most recent                            324,411
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            114,439
quarter ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            324,411
months ('000 TRY)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       318,989
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,256
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                               29
quarter ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            1,256
month ('000 TRY)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          4,737,397
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              1,323,504
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          3,888,172
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                4,737,397
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 28.99
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        24.74
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     25.63
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            21.44
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              24.74
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                         108,615
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              31,672
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                               108,615
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   884
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 TRY)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 TRY)                            332,825
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  3.32
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.37
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             7.48
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               3.65
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               5.37
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.94
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             14.72
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            20.21
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               9.24
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              14.72
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.62
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.12
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                17.55
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.12
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
quarter ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              421
year ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               421
('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             155
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,210
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                50
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,578
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              393
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           672
ago ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,210
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,301
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           4,301
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                            1,324
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              877
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              309
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   877
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              862
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           1,262
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (232)
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (241)
1 (not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            2,029
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              511
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            71
year ago ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              1,434
('000 TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               680
TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              680
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            12,804
TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         14,347
('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  3,577
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                             12,804
Historical Relative P/E                                                    5.12
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              7.37
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           12.60
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          36.54
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            7.30
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   36.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     7.37
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             8.86
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.01
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          6.42
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                 4.92
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           4.95
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           6.42
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            6.15
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            5.42
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .61
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .54
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .38
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .61
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.23
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.23
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.02
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.02
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              5.20
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    10.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.34
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 13.80
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 10.52
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                              9.70
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        15.73
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.80
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         3.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           6.97
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           4.96
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.96
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.97
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              6.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              3.00
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          3.20
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     4.60
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       6.61
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 9.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 6.68
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             5.51
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       11.16
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          9.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                             6.12
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                            5.82
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                              6.23
Float                                                                    221.48
Market capitalization ('000 TRY)                                      2,874,900
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            370.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           370.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         370.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           370.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             370.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        370.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           370.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            59.86



Management Effectiveness
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       4,533,781
TRY)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                      4,533,781
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,668,809
TRY)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        6,668,809
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          6,147,432
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,349,681
year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,057,358
1 year ago ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
quarter ('000 TRY)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                       1,591,550
Cash and Equivalents ('000 TRY)                                       1,591,550
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                        1,810,973
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                       1,810,973
('000 TRY)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          968,741
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              968,741
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                        3,896,563
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                      3,896,563
TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                          4,319,128
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                        4,319,128
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         251,550
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        251,550
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                      1,576,673
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                          1,576,673
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,349,681
TRY)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                       1,260,965
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           1,260,965
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                         114,396
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                         29,371
('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                          114,396
('000 TRY)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        63,666
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       467,085
TRY)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                         189,220
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                           530,751
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         1,855
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 TRY)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        13
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     44
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .77
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .85
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .77
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.39
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.93
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.39
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        23,998,180
('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            32,557,890
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        23,107,590
TRY)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.76
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   4.66
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           344,175.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               371,357.80
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 331,402.40
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.29
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            285.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                794.51
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,048.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   3.77
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       3.77
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          13.22
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            6.91
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                6.91
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.19
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    35.00
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 32.39
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               65.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         18.91
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             18.91
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.64
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            34.64
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.05
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 19.04
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       18.53
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   18.53
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.82
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      17.54
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              6.99
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            261.40
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           1,094.18
EPS Change % - year over year                                             74.92
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                74.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  16.81
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    6.00
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                           9.70
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            7.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         261.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    1,094.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  74.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      74.92
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             6.00
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -1.60
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         27.07
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          35.66
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            21.84
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          21.84
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              10.52
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                8.09
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                8.09
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          7.20
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     4,083,852
TRY)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                         1,115,319
TRY)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                      4,083,852
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          330,323
('000 TRY)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        116,035
TRY)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         330,323
TRY)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          324,901
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         438,938
('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       147,707
TRY)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         438,938
TRY)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          431,733
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                               372,545
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                   135,620
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                     372,545
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                              489,998
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 TRY)                           264,738
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                  165,147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                    489,998
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         47,722
TRY)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        17,372
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          47,722
Net Income available to common - most recent                            324,411
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            114,439
quarter ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            324,411
months ('000 TRY)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       318,989
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,256
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                               29
quarter ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            1,256
month ('000 TRY)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          4,737,397
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              1,323,504
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          3,888,172
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                4,737,397
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 28.99
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        24.74
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     25.63
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            21.44
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              24.74
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                         108,615
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              31,672
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                               108,615
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   884
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 TRY)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 TRY)                            332,825
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  3.32
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.37
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             7.48
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               3.65
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               5.37
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.94
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             14.72
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            20.21
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               9.24
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              14.72
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.62
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.12
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                17.55
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.12
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
quarter ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              421
year ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               421
('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             155
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,210
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                50
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,578
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              393
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           672
ago ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,210
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,301
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           4,301
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                            1,324
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              877
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              309
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   877
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              862
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           1,262
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (232)
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (241)
1 (not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            2,029
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              511
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            71
year ago ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              1,434
('000 TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               680
TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              680
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            12,804
TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         14,347
('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  3,577
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                             12,804
Historical Relative P/E                                                    5.12
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              7.37
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           12.60
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          36.54
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            7.30
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   36.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     7.37
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             8.86
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.01
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          6.42
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                 4.92
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           4.95
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           6.42
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            6.15
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            5.42
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .61
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .54
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .38
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .61
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.23
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.23
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.02
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.02
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              5.20
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    10.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.34
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 13.80
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 10.52
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                              9.70
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        15.73
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.80
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         3.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           6.97
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           4.96
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.96
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.97
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              6.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              3.00
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          3.20
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     4.60
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       6.61
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 9.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 6.68
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             5.51
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       11.16
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          9.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                             6.12
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                            5.82
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                              6.23
Float                                                                    221.48
Market capitalization ('000 TRY)                                      2,874,900
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            370.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           370.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         370.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           370.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             370.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        370.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           370.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            59.86



Per Share Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       4,533,781
TRY)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                      4,533,781
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,668,809
TRY)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        6,668,809
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          6,147,432
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,349,681
year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,057,358
1 year ago ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
quarter ('000 TRY)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                       1,591,550
Cash and Equivalents ('000 TRY)                                       1,591,550
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                        1,810,973
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                       1,810,973
('000 TRY)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          968,741
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              968,741
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                        3,896,563
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                      3,896,563
TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                          4,319,128
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                        4,319,128
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         251,550
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        251,550
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                      1,576,673
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                          1,576,673
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,349,681
TRY)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                       1,260,965
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           1,260,965
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                         114,396
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                         29,371
('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                          114,396
('000 TRY)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        63,666
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       467,085
TRY)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                         189,220
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                           530,751
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         1,855
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 TRY)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        13
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     44
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .77
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .85
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .77
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.39
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.93
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.39
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        23,998,180
('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            32,557,890
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        23,107,590
TRY)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.76
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   4.66
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           344,175.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               371,357.80
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 331,402.40
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.29
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            285.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                794.51
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,048.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   3.77
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       3.77
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          13.22
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            6.91
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                6.91
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.19
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    35.00
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 32.39
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               65.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         18.91
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             18.91
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.64
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            34.64
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.05
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 19.04
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       18.53
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   18.53
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.82
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      17.54
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              6.99
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            261.40
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           1,094.18
EPS Change % - year over year                                             74.92
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                74.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  16.81
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    6.00
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                           9.70
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            7.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         261.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    1,094.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  74.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      74.92
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             6.00
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -1.60
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         27.07
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          35.66
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            21.84
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          21.84
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              10.52
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                8.09
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                8.09
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          7.20
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     4,083,852
TRY)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                         1,115,319
TRY)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                      4,083,852
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          330,323
('000 TRY)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        116,035
TRY)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         330,323
TRY)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          324,901
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         438,938
('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       147,707
TRY)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         438,938
TRY)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          431,733
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                               372,545
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                   135,620
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                     372,545
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                              489,998
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 TRY)                           264,738
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                  165,147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                    489,998
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         47,722
TRY)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        17,372
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          47,722
Net Income available to common - most recent                            324,411
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            114,439
quarter ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            324,411
months ('000 TRY)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       318,989
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,256
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                               29
quarter ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            1,256
month ('000 TRY)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          4,737,397
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              1,323,504
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          3,888,172
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                4,737,397
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 28.99
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        24.74
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     25.63
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            21.44
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              24.74
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                         108,615
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              31,672
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                               108,615
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   884
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 TRY)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 TRY)                            332,825
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  3.32
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.37
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             7.48
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               3.65
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               5.37
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.94
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             14.72
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            20.21
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               9.24
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              14.72
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.62
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.12
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                17.55
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.12
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
quarter ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              421
year ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               421
('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             155
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,210
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                50
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,578
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              393
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           672
ago ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,210
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,301
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           4,301
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                            1,324
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              877
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              309
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   877
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              862
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           1,262
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (232)
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (241)
1 (not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            2,029
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              511
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            71
year ago ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              1,434
('000 TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               680
TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              680
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            12,804
TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         14,347
('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  3,577
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                             12,804
Historical Relative P/E                                                    5.12
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              7.37
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           12.60
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          36.54
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            7.30
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   36.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     7.37
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             8.86
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.01
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          6.42
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                 4.92
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           4.95
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           6.42
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            6.15
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            5.42
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .61
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .54
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .38
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .61
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.23
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.23
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.02
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.02
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              5.20
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    10.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.34
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 13.80
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 10.52
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                              9.70
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        15.73
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.80
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         3.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           6.97
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           4.96
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.96
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.97
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              6.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              3.00
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          3.20
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     4.60
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       6.61
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 9.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 6.68
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             5.51
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       11.16
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          9.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                             6.12
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                            5.82
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                              6.23
Float                                                                    221.48
Market capitalization ('000 TRY)                                      2,874,900
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            370.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           370.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         370.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           370.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             370.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        370.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           370.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            59.86



Price Related
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       4,533,781
TRY)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                      4,533,781
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,668,809
TRY)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        6,668,809
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          6,147,432
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,349,681
year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,057,358
1 year ago ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
quarter ('000 TRY)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                       1,591,550
Cash and Equivalents ('000 TRY)                                       1,591,550
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                        1,810,973
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                       1,810,973
('000 TRY)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          968,741
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              968,741
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                        3,896,563
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                      3,896,563
TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                          4,319,128
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                        4,319,128
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         251,550
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        251,550
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                      1,576,673
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                          1,576,673
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,349,681
TRY)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                       1,260,965
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           1,260,965
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                         114,396
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                         29,371
('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                          114,396
('000 TRY)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        63,666
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       467,085
TRY)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                         189,220
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                           530,751
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         1,855
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 TRY)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        13
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     44
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .77
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .85
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .77
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.39
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.93
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.39
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        23,998,180
('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            32,557,890
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        23,107,590
TRY)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.76
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   4.66
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           344,175.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               371,357.80
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 331,402.40
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.29
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            285.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                794.51
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,048.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   3.77
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       3.77
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          13.22
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            6.91
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                6.91
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.19
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    35.00
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 32.39
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               65.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         18.91
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             18.91
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.64
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            34.64
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.05
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 19.04
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       18.53
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   18.53
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.82
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      17.54
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              6.99
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            261.40
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           1,094.18
EPS Change % - year over year                                             74.92
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                74.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  16.81
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    6.00
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                           9.70
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            7.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         261.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    1,094.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  74.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      74.92
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             6.00
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -1.60
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         27.07
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          35.66
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            21.84
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          21.84
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              10.52
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                8.09
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                8.09
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          7.20
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     4,083,852
TRY)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                         1,115,319
TRY)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                      4,083,852
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          330,323
('000 TRY)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        116,035
TRY)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         330,323
TRY)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          324,901
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         438,938
('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       147,707
TRY)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         438,938
TRY)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          431,733
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                               372,545
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                   135,620
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                     372,545
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                              489,998
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 TRY)                           264,738
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                  165,147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                    489,998
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         47,722
TRY)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        17,372
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          47,722
Net Income available to common - most recent                            324,411
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            114,439
quarter ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            324,411
months ('000 TRY)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       318,989
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,256
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                               29
quarter ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            1,256
month ('000 TRY)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          4,737,397
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              1,323,504
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          3,888,172
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                4,737,397
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 28.99
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        24.74
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     25.63
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            21.44
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              24.74
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                         108,615
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              31,672
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                               108,615
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   884
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 TRY)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 TRY)                            332,825
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  3.32
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.37
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             7.48
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               3.65
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               5.37
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.94
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             14.72
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            20.21
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               9.24
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              14.72
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.62
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.12
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                17.55
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.12
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
quarter ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              421
year ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               421
('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             155
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,210
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                50
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,578
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              393
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           672
ago ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,210
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,301
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           4,301
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                            1,324
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              877
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              309
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   877
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              862
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           1,262
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (232)
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (241)
1 (not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            2,029
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              511
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            71
year ago ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              1,434
('000 TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               680
TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              680
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            12,804
TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         14,347
('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  3,577
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                             12,804
Historical Relative P/E                                                    5.12
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              7.37
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           12.60
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          36.54
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            7.30
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   36.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     7.37
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             8.86
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.01
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          6.42
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                 4.92
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           4.95
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           6.42
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            6.15
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            5.42
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .61
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .54
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .38
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .61
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.23
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.23
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.02
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.02
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              5.20
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    10.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.34
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 13.80
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 10.52
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                              9.70
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        15.73
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.80
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         3.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           6.97
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           4.96
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.96
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.97
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              6.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              3.00
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          3.20
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     4.60
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       6.61
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 9.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 6.68
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             5.51
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       11.16
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          9.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                             6.12
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                            5.82
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                              6.23
Float                                                                    221.48
Market capitalization ('000 TRY)                                      2,874,900
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            370.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           370.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         370.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           370.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             370.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        370.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           370.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            59.86



Profitability Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       4,533,781
TRY)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                      4,533,781
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,668,809
TRY)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        6,668,809
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          6,147,432
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,349,681
year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,057,358
1 year ago ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
quarter ('000 TRY)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                       1,591,550
Cash and Equivalents ('000 TRY)                                       1,591,550
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                        1,810,973
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                       1,810,973
('000 TRY)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          968,741
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              968,741
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                        3,896,563
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                      3,896,563
TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                          4,319,128
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                        4,319,128
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         251,550
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        251,550
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                      1,576,673
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                          1,576,673
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,349,681
TRY)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                       1,260,965
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           1,260,965
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                         114,396
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                         29,371
('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                          114,396
('000 TRY)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        63,666
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       467,085
TRY)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                         189,220
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                           530,751
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         1,855
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 TRY)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        13
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     44
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .77
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .85
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .77
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.39
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.93
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.39
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        23,998,180
('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            32,557,890
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        23,107,590
TRY)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.76
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   4.66
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           344,175.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               371,357.80
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 331,402.40
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.29
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            285.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                794.51
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,048.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   3.77
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       3.77
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          13.22
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            6.91
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                6.91
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.19
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    35.00
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 32.39
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               65.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         18.91
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             18.91
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.64
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            34.64
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.05
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 19.04
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       18.53
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   18.53
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.82
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      17.54
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              6.99
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            261.40
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           1,094.18
EPS Change % - year over year                                             74.92
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                74.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  16.81
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    6.00
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                           9.70
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            7.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         261.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    1,094.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  74.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      74.92
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             6.00
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -1.60
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         27.07
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          35.66
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            21.84
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          21.84
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              10.52
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                8.09
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                8.09
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          7.20
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     4,083,852
TRY)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                         1,115,319
TRY)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                      4,083,852
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          330,323
('000 TRY)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        116,035
TRY)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         330,323
TRY)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          324,901
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         438,938
('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       147,707
TRY)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         438,938
TRY)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          431,733
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                               372,545
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                   135,620
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                     372,545
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                              489,998
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 TRY)                           264,738
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                  165,147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                    489,998
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         47,722
TRY)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        17,372
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          47,722
Net Income available to common - most recent                            324,411
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            114,439
quarter ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            324,411
months ('000 TRY)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       318,989
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,256
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                               29
quarter ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            1,256
month ('000 TRY)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          4,737,397
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              1,323,504
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          3,888,172
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                4,737,397
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 28.99
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        24.74
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     25.63
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            21.44
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              24.74
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                         108,615
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              31,672
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                               108,615
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   884
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 TRY)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 TRY)                            332,825
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  3.32
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.37
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             7.48
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               3.65
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               5.37
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.94
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             14.72
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            20.21
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               9.24
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              14.72
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.62
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.12
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                17.55
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.12
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
quarter ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              421
year ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               421
('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             155
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,210
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                50
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,578
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              393
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           672
ago ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,210
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,301
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           4,301
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                            1,324
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              877
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              309
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   877
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              862
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           1,262
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (232)
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (241)
1 (not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            2,029
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              511
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            71
year ago ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              1,434
('000 TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               680
TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              680
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            12,804
TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         14,347
('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  3,577
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                             12,804
Historical Relative P/E                                                    5.12
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              7.37
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           12.60
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          36.54
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            7.30
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   36.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     7.37
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             8.86
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.01
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          6.42
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                 4.92
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           4.95
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           6.42
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            6.15
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            5.42
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .61
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .54
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .38
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .61
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.23
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.23
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.02
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.02
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              5.20
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    10.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.34
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 13.80
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 10.52
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                              9.70
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        15.73
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.80
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         3.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           6.97
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           4.96
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.96
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.97
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              6.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              3.00
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          3.20
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     4.60
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       6.61
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 9.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 6.68
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             5.51
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       11.16
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          9.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                             6.12
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                            5.82
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                              6.23
Float                                                                    221.48
Market capitalization ('000 TRY)                                      2,874,900
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            370.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           370.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         370.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           370.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             370.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        370.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           370.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            59.86



Share Related Items
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       4,533,781
TRY)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                      4,533,781
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,668,809
TRY)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        6,668,809
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          6,147,432
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,349,681
year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,057,358
1 year ago ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,333,003
quarter ('000 TRY)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                       1,591,550
Cash and Equivalents ('000 TRY)                                       1,591,550
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                        1,810,973
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                       1,810,973
('000 TRY)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          968,741
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              968,741
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                        3,896,563
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                      3,896,563
TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                          4,319,128
('000 TRY)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                        4,319,128
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         251,550
TRY)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        251,550
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                      1,576,673
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                          1,576,673
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,349,681
('000 TRY)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,349,681
TRY)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                       1,260,965
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           1,260,965
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                         114,396
year ('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                         29,371
('000 TRY)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                          114,396
('000 TRY)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                        63,666
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       467,085
TRY)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                         189,220
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                           530,751
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                          48.12
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         1,855
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 TRY)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        13
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     44
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .77
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .85
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .77
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               4.39
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   4.93
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     4.39
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        23,998,180
('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            32,557,890
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        23,107,590
TRY)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.76
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   4.66
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           344,175.00
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               371,357.80
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 331,402.40
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.16
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.29
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            285.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                794.51
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,048.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   3.77
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       3.77
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      10.71
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          13.22
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            6.91
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                6.91
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.19
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    35.00
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 32.39
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .91
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               65.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         18.91
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             18.91
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.64
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            34.64
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             53.67
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.05
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.72
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 19.04
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 19.04
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       18.53
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   18.53
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.82
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      17.54
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                              6.99
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            261.40
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           1,094.18
EPS Change % - year over year                                             74.92
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                74.91
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  16.81
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                    6.00
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                           9.70
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            7.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         261.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    1,094.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  74.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      74.92
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             6.00
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -1.60
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         27.07
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          35.66
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            21.84
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          21.84
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              10.52
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                                8.09
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                8.09
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          7.20
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     4,083,852
TRY)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                         1,115,319
TRY)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                      4,083,852
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          330,323
('000 TRY)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        116,035
TRY)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         330,323
TRY)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          324,901
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         438,938
('000 TRY)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       147,707
TRY)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         438,938
TRY)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          431,733
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                               372,545
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                   135,620
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                     372,545
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                              489,998
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 TRY)                           264,738
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                                  165,147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                    489,998
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                         47,722
TRY)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                        17,372
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          47,722
Net Income available to common - most recent                            324,411
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            114,439
quarter ('000 TRY)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            324,411
months ('000 TRY)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       318,989
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         324,411
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,256
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                               29
quarter ('000 TRY)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            1,256
month ('000 TRY)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                          4,737,397
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              1,323,504
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                          3,888,172
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                                4,737,397
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 28.99
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        24.74
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     25.63
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            21.44
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              24.74
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)                         108,615
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              31,672
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                               108,615
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        324,411
TRY)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   884
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 TRY)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 TRY)                            332,825
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                  3.32
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              5.37
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             7.48
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               3.65
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               5.37
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.94
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             14.72
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            20.21
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               9.24
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              14.72
Return on investment - 5 year average                                      6.62
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.12
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                17.55
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  12.12
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,350
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             6,305
quarter ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              421
year ('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               421
('000 TRY)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             155
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,210
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                50
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,578
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              393
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           672
ago ('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              796
('000 TRY)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,210
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,301
TRY)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                           4,301
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                            1,324
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              877
recent fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              309
recent quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   877
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             877
fiscal year ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             309
quarter ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   501
trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             877
month ('000 TRY)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              862
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           1,262
TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (232)
('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (241)
1 (not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            2,029
(annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                              511
(not annualized) ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            71
year ago ('000 TRY)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              1,434
('000 TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               680
TRY)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 TRY)                              680
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            12,804
TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         14,347
('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  3,577
annualized) ('000 TRY)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 TRY)                             12,804
Historical Relative P/E                                                    5.12
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              7.37
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           12.60
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.87
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          36.54
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            7.30
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   36.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     7.37
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             8.86
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    8.86
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    9.01
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.22
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .71
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          6.42
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                 4.92
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           4.95
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           6.42
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            6.15
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            5.42
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .61
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .54
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                    .38
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .61
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.23
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.23
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.02
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.02
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.02
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                              5.20
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    10.34
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.34
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 13.80
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 10.52
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                              9.70
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        15.73
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          13.80
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                         3.91
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                           6.97
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           4.96
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              4.96
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                    6.97
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              6.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              3.00
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                          3.20
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     4.60
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       6.61
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 9.27
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 6.68
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                             5.51
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       11.16
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          9.27
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                             6.12
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                            5.82
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                              6.23
Float                                                                    221.48
Market capitalization ('000 TRY)                                      2,874,900
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            370.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           370.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         370.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             370.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           370.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             370.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        370.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           370.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          370.00
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            59.86

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
STOCK INDEX: Istanbul SE Ulusal 100 Index
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 370,000,000
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: BDO Denet Bagimsiz Denetim Yeminli Mali Musavirlik AS


COUNTRY AND REGIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION


('000 TRY)
                                                  12/31/201 12/31/201 12/31/201
                                                  6         5         4
Agriculture                    External Revenue   35,358    27,094    1,625,940
Agriculture                    Intersegment       934       1,278     23,219
                               Revenue
Agriculture                    Total Revenue      36,292    28,372    1,649,159
Agriculture                    Cost of Revenue    1,469,063 1,387,894 1,257,712
Agriculture                    Gross Profit       382,246   271,261   368,228
Agriculture                    Gross Margin (%)   1,053,251 956,087   22,328
Agriculture                    Depreciation       48,873    21,514    21,114
Agriculture                    Operating          33,977    33,977    213,703
                               Income/Loss
Agriculture                    Operating Margin   93,621    119,755   12,958
                               (%)
Agriculture                    Income Before Tax  145,907   85,892    227,148
Agriculture                    Pre-Tax Margin (%) 402,036   302,735   13,774
Agriculture                    Income Tax - Total 6,297     10,786    8,679
Agriculture                    Income After Tax   139,610   75,106    218,469
Agriculture                    Net Profit Margin  384,685   264,719   13,247
                               (%)
Agriculture                    Total Assets       2,273,292 1,840,059 1,838,653
Agriculture                    Operating Return   1,495     1,847     11,623
                               on Assets (%)
Agriculture                    Total Liabilities  1,129,705 900,899   831,979
Agriculture                    Purchase of Fixed  119,984   275,008   371,202
                               Assets

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                              52 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 24, 2017 Friday

INDIAN PATENT OFFICE PUBLISHED PATENT OF THE CLIMATE CORPORATION TITLED AS
"GENERATING AN AGRICULTURE PRESCRIPTION"

LENGTH: 260 words

DATELINE: New York


Kolkata: Application No. 201617038153 was published on February 17, 2017 by the
Indian Patent Office.

Title of the invention: GENERATING AN AGRICULTURE PRESCRIPTION

Applicant(s): THE CLIMATE CORPORATION 201 Third Street Suite 1100 San Francisco
California 94103 US US

Inventor(s): RUPP Craig Eugene 706 Somerset Drive Ames Iowa 50010 US US KULL A.
Corbett S. 519 N. Easy Palatine Illinois 60067 US US PITSTICK Steve Richard
0N644 Shadetree Lane Maple Park Illinois 60151 US US DUMS

According to the abstract published by the Indian Patent Office on its website:
"A method begins by agriculture equipment collecting current on site gathered
agriculture data regarding an agriculture region and sending at least a
representation of the current on site gathered agriculture data to a host
device. The method continues with the host device processing one or more of the
at least a representation of the current on site gathered agriculture data
current off site gathered agriculture data historical on site gathered
agriculture data historical off site gathered agriculture data and historical
analysis of agriculture predictions regarding the agriculture region to produce
a current agriculture prediction for the agriculture region. The method
continues with the host device generating an agriculture prescription regarding
at least a portion of the agriculture region based on the current agriculture
prediction and sending the agriculture prescription to one or more of the
agriculture equipment."



The patent was filed on 2016/11/08 under Application No. 201617038153


LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

CORE;
Where has the P260-billion government spending for agriculture gone?

BYLINE: Benjamin E. Diokno

SECTION: Pg. S1/8

LENGTH: 901 words


Citizens have the right to know where the P260 billion the Aquino III
administration spent for agriculture (excluding the budget for the National Food
Authority), between 2011 and 2015 went. With that kind of money, what has the
Aquino III administration done for the agriculture sector in general and for the
farmers and Filipino consumers in particular?

It is an incontrovertible fact that the Aquino III administration has neglected
agriculture. From 2011 to 2015, agriculture registered an average growth of
1.6%, second to the lowest, the lowest being Fidel Ramos' with an average growth
of 0.8%. Agriculture grew the fastest during Joseph Estrada's truncated term,
when it registered an average growth of 6.5%.

It is ridiculous to talk about inclusive growth when the sector that employs one
third of the work force is hardly growing.

From 1986 to 2015, the post-EDSA 1 period, agriculture, on average, grew at the
rate just about equal to the population growth rate of 2%.

The growth of the agricultural sector has consistently lagged behind the growth
of the overall economy, except during the time of Estrada.

The lesson here for the next President is that he should appoint an agriculture
expert - not a politician - as head the Agriculture Department, and that the
Agriculture secretary should be empowered to do his job well.

The second lesson is that agriculture should be protected from the wicked claws
of corrupt politicians, bureaucrats, private groups, and individuals. Sadly,
most of the frauds, scams, and rent-seeking opportunities, in the past and the
present took place in this sector that affects the lives of many poor farmers
and fishermen. Remember, the over- importation of rice, the Jocelyn "Jocjoc" I.
Bolante fertilizer scam, the irrigation scam and most of the Napoles scams.
There are allegations that a big chunk of the Disbursement Acceleration Program
(DAP) went to doubtful disbursements by the Agriculture Department and its
attached corporations.

During Mr. Aquino's watch, the national government expenditures for agriculture
was erratic but huge nonetheless. Starting from a cutback of 6.5% in 2011, the
budget for agriculture ballooned by 73.52% in 2012. The budget for agriculture
further increased by 17.07% when it peaked at P66.3 billion.

The total spending of the Aquino III administration for agriculture from 2011 to
2015 was a hefty P260 billion.

But despite these huge budget allocations for the Department of Agriculture, the
sector's output remained anemic - initially less than 3% of overall economic
growth in 2011 and 2012 before it slowed down further to 1.1% in 2013. In 2015,
agriculture growth was close to zero.

There appears to be a mismatch between the resources allocated by the government
to the sector and the sector's performance. This might be due to two reasons:
first, the misguided pursuit of self-sufficiency in rice; and second, the misuse
of public funds attributable to the DAP.

The first reason is based on the propensity of any President to achieve
self-sufficiency in rice. But ask any real economist and he would argue that the
Philippines does not have any comparative advantage in rice. It cannot compete
with its ASEAN neighbors like Thailand, Vietnam, and Cambodia. It is better off
focusing on the production of high value crops and just importing a significant
portion of our rice requirement.

Any President who believes the advice of his Agriculture secretary that it pays
to achieve self-sufficiency in rice is taken for a fool. But he's a bigger fool
if he himself instructs his Agriculture secretary to work for self-sufficiency
in rice at all costs. Yes, to food security but No to rice self-sufficiency.

The second reason is that as a result of the DAP, some public funds were
disbursed sloppily. This allegation would be proved or disproved to the
satisfaction of the public only if the Commission on Audit will do its job
objectively and comprehensively.

The CoA, as the guardian of public funds, should examine whether the use of the
DAP funds, transaction by transaction, was in accordance with established
budgeting, accounting and auditing rules. In addition, it should do a
value-for-money audit of all expenditure items listed in the DAP.

Summing up, recognizing the important role of agriculture in the pursuit of
inclusive growth, the next President should do the following: first, prioritize
the modernization of Philippine agriculture; second, appoint an agriculture
expert - not a politician - to head the Department of Agriculture and then
empower him to do his job well; and third, protect the sector from grafters of
all types - legislators, executive officials, private organizations, and
individuals.

Agriculture is such an important sector of the economy, especially for the poor,
to be left unprotected from the wicked claws of corrupt and greedy politicians
and bureaucrats.

BENJAMIN E. DIOKNO is a former secretary of Budget and Management

bediokno@gmail.com

GOVERNMENT BUDGET FOR AGRICULTURE
(in million pesos)

2010    34,825
2011    32,650
2012    56,653
2013    66,323
2014    55,451
2015    49,323
LOW AGRICULTURE OUTPUT,
ERRATIC GOVERNMENT SPENDING

        Budget          Agriculture
        change, %       growth rate
2011    -6.5            2.6
2012    73.52           2.7
2013    17.07           1.1
2014    1.6             1.6
2015    0.2             0.2



LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                             June 13, 2015 Saturday

Increase of agriculture budget demanded

BYLINE: Muqaddam Khan

SECTION: Vol. XXX No. 163

LENGTH: 572  words


Speakers in one day group discussion on "Dissemination of Budget Trends and
Analysis of Agriculture Budget in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa" concluded that in the last
several years the allocated agriculture fund had not completely utilized and
there was need of a perfect mechanism to use it in a proper way to achieve the
outlined agriculture yield and improve financial position of the poor farmers.

Participants demanded that the agriculture budget should be increased in the
upcoming provincial budget. At the end of current fiscal year on June 30 it is
expected that about 80 percent of the agriculture budget be utilized.

The dialogue was organized by Pakistan Kissan Ittehad (PKI) in collaboration of
other welfare bodies Friday. Representatives of various organizations of the
farmers, civil society, media and agriculture experts form Mansehra, Mardan,
Swabi, Buner, Peshawar and Charsadda participated in the dialogue.

The participants said that KP government had given great importance to the
suggestions of the small farmers while incorporating their valued proposals in
the upcoming provincial budget, which was planned to be presented on June 15.

"The food security has been boosted in the province during Pakistan
Tehreek-i-Insaf-led government and they have been working to improve and
modernize the agriculture sector while meeting the food requirements of the
masses," they added.

"The expected food help cannot come from Punjab whenever KP faced the food
problems and it is true that our province did not produce enough foodstuffs to
meet the people demands," said Rehman Sher, a representative of a local welfare
body.

They said that KP promotes sustainable agriculture and working on agriculture to
ensure food security and resolve the issues of small farmers, enabling them to
play their due role in the development of the country.

"We have planned to utalise agriculture budget properly,' said officials of
agriculture department, adding that now the local government would commence
working soon and it could play its vital role in boosting the agriculture field.
"There is need to engage district government and work for increasing agriculture
budget and its utilization as well," they said.

Allah Dad Khan former provincial director-general of agriculture said that they
could get the expected and predicted yield if the small farmers and landlords
put their head together but the support of the government was also quite vital.
"The small farmers have capability to deliver if they get the required budget
and guidance that how they use the modern techniques, seeds, and pesticides.
These steps are vital for strengthening the agriculture field," he said.

Liaqat Yousufzai, provincial coordinator of PKI demanded that there were various
issues of the farmers and they needed proper guidance and education about
various things and monitoring from agriculture department.

"If the peasants are sticking with outdated techniques of farming it could not
result in the required yield, however, the big problem was always that there was
not adequate allocation of sufficient budget to agriculture sector, he said. "We
want not only increase in agriculture budget but also its proper and in time
utilization,' he added.

The various representatives of the farmers spoke about coordination between
agriculture department and farmers. They demanded that the district government
should play its due role in improving the agriculture sector.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                          September 24, 2016 Saturday

World Bank's Agri, Rural Transformation Mission meets Shehbaz Sharif

LENGTH: 683  words

DATELINE: New York


New York, Sept. 24 -- A delegation of the World Bank's (WB)

Agriculture and Rural Transformation Mission led by Country

Director Patchamuthu Illangovan met Punjab Chief Minister

Muhammad Shehbaz Sharif, here on Wednesday.

Matters regarding development of agriculture sector and

strengthening of markets for agriculture and rural transformation

in Punjab were discussed in the meeting.

Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that Pakistan

was an agrarian country and agriculture sector was the backbone of

its economy,

He said that development of agriculture sector could help

strengthen national economy and achieve the target of

self-sufficiency. He said the Punjab government would welcome

cooperation of the World Bank in the development of agriculture

sector.

The CM said that provincial government wanted to benefit

from the experience of the World Bank experts for the uplift

of agriculture sector and increase in per acre yield.

He said that an agreement of cooperation would be signed

between the Punjab government and the World Bank for development

of agriculture sector.

Shehbaz Sharif further said that the World Bank was an

important partner of the Punjab government in the programme of

uplift of social sectors and several programme were running in

the province with the cooperation of the World Bank for the

provision of basic amenities to the masses.

He said that the World Bank was extending commendable

cooperation for the development of social sectors and measures

would be taken for increasing its cooperation in agriculture sector.

The Chief Minister said the Punjab government had given

a historic package of 100 billion rupees for increasing

per acre yield and prosperity of small cultivators.

He said that programme of provision of interest-free loans to

small cultivators had been started and these loans were being

given in a highly transparent manner with the help of modern

technology.

Shehbaz Sharif said that Punjab Agriculture Commission

had also been established for the uplift of agriculture sector

and solution of problems of cultivators while a high level

committee had been constituted for evolving agriculture policy.

He said that measures were also being taken for the establishment

of Small Farmers Development Corporation.

The Chief Minister said that future of Punjab was linked

with agriculture and development of agriculture sector could

help in strengthening of provincial economy. He said that

agriculture research could go a long way in increasing agri

production.

He said that transfer of results of latest research to farmers

was of vital importance, therefore, extension services were being

fully activated. He said that comprehensive reforms were being

introduced in seed industry.

He said that agriculture experts of the World Bank had given

excellent recommendation for the development of agriculture sector

in the province and full benefit would be taken of their experience

and skills.

Country Director of the World Bank Patchamuthu Illangovan

assured that all out cooperation would be extended to the Punjab

government for the uplift of agriculture sector.

He said that there was a vast potential for the development of agriculture
sector in Punjab and the World Bank would work with

the provincial government for fully utilizing this potential.

He said that the best agriculture scientists of the world

had been appointed in Islamabad and working with them would

leave a positive impact on agriculture sector in the province.

Provincial Ministers Dr. Farrukh Javed, Yawar Zaman,

Ayesha Ghaus Pasha, Special Assistant on Livestock Arshad

Jutt, Advisor Dr. Ejaz Nabi, Chief Secretary, Senior Member

Board of Revenue, Chairman Planning and Development,

Secretaries of concerned departments, agri experts and senior

officers were also present on the occasion.

Senior Director Agriculture Juregen Voegele, Senior

Agriculture Economist Johannes Georges Pius Jansen and other

experts comprised the World Bank team

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             India Automobile News

                      January 29, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Demand for Very High Flexion Tractor Tires to Drive Global Agricultural Tires
Market Until 2020, Says Technavio

LENGTH: 882  words


Jan. 29 -- According to the latest market research report by Technavio, the
agriculture tire market is expected to grow at a CAGR of close to 13% until
2020.

In this report, Technavio covers the present scenario and growth prospects of
the agriculture tire market for 2016-2020. The market size has been estimated
based on the total production of agriculture tires for OEMs and replacement
sales.

"Very high flexion (VF) tires allow tractors to carry the same load with 40%
reduced air pressure. These tires have many advantages as these ensure longer
footprint with reduced soil compaction while promoting higher yields. Also, the
tire lugs are engineered at an angle of 45 degrees to help move dirt and mud
much more ease, and to reduce tire slippage under all conditions," said Sriram
Mohan, one of Technavio's lead industry analysts for wheels and tires research.

"However, agriculture tire manufacturers are facing stiff cost pressures as
income levels among farmers have dropped in recent years. This has led to a
highly price-sensitive market, compelling manufacturers to manage the costs
while they continue to invest in new technological advancements," added Sriram.

Key findings of this market study indicate a strong likelihood of many
manufacturers taking the online sales route to save on logistics and
infrastructure costs. This trend is predominant in Western Europe and North
America and is predicted to gain significant traction in emerging countries over
the next four years.

APAC: largest region for the agricultural tire market

APAC is the largest and fastest growing market for agriculture tires, led by
India and China. In terms of unit sales, the agriculture tire market in APAC
sold 2 million units in 2015. The region's large population is powering
agriculture activities, propelling the demand for agriculture vehicles and
machinery in APAC.

China has a small share of arable land when compared to the vast landscape of
the country, which has led to rapid farm mechanization for the country to become
self-sufficient in terms of agricultural production and has helped stimulate the
market for agriculture tires in the country.

Growing demand for tractors in India has also triggered considerable growth in
the market for agriculture tires. Agriculture is a significant contributor to
India's GDP, however, much of the country's agricultural sector remains
chronically underdeveloped and technology is yet to be adopted on a large scale.
Despite these issues, India has a large irrigated land mass and Technavio
researchers anticipate increased use of farm equipment during the forecast
period.

Agriculture: the second largest market for the global agriculture tire market

Agriculture remains one of the key sectors in the Americas. North America is one
of the key focus areas for tire manufacturers, as it is one of the largest
agricultural markets in the world.

The Canadian market recently registered a huge farm income, leading to a rise in
the demand for farm equipment. As this global demand began to rise, farms had to
enhance productivity to keep up with this demand. This was achieved through
advanced agriculture equipment and genetically modified crops. As the
agriculture tire market is a derived market, much of its growth depends on the
sale of new agriculture equipment. Although, the agriculture tire market in
Canada went through a lean phase in 2014, replacement tires were in high demand
during the period. The American tire market for agriculture equipment is also
projected to register steady growth during the forecast period.

Agriculture tire market in EMEA

Europe is currently facing a prolonged economic downturn. The region is going
through a vicious circle of low economic growth stemming from the sovereign debt
crisis. Europe also presents matured market conditions for agriculture equipment
manufacturers. However, rapid economic growth from Eastern Europe is expected to
stimulate growth during the forecast period.

The tire industry is also developing in the Middle East and Africa. Rapid growth
in farm income has boosted the demand for all kinds of tires, especially car
tires and agricultural tires. The Middle East and Africa represent fast growing
tire markets which are predicted to expand over the next four years.

Browse related reports:

* Agriculture Tire Market in Canada 2015-2019 (http://www.technavio.com/report/
agriculture
-tires-market-in-canada-2015-2019?utm_source=T1&utm;_medium=BW&utm;_campaign=Med
ia)

* Agriculture Tire Market in the US 2015-2019 (http://www.technavio.com/report/
agriculture
-tires-market-in-the-us-2015-2019?utm_source=T1&utm;_medium=BW&utm;_campaign=Med
ia)

* Agriculture Tire Market in India 2015-2019 (http://www.technavio.com/report/
agriculture
-tires-market-in-india-2015-2019?utm_source=T1&utm;_medium=BW&utm;_campaign=Medi
a)

* Agriculture Tire Market in Brazil 2015-2019 (http://www.technavio.com/report/
agriculture
-tires-market-in-brazil-2015-2019?utm_source=T1&utm;_medium=BW&utm;_campaign=Med
ia)

Purchase three reports from our library for the price of one by becoming a
Technavio subscriber. Subscribing to Technavio's reports allows you to download
any three reports per month for the price of one. Contact enquiry@technavio.com
with your requirements and a link to our subscription platform.

Source: Technavio

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                             October 4, 2015 Sunday

Any future for agriculture?

LENGTH: 491  words


In view of the continued decline of Jordan's agricultural sector, despite its
economic and strategic importance, His Majesty the King called six years ago for
2009 to be the year of agriculture.

The purpose was to draw the attention of the government to this fading sector.

He hoped to halt the decline and bring back agriculture to the prominent
position it deserves in the world of today.

Four factors decide the future of agriculture and its importance in any country.
They are land, water, labour and capital.

Sadly, Jordan is short in all these, which indicates that agriculture in Jordan
has no future.

Arable land in Jordan, which used to make up some 12 per cent of the country's
total area, dropped now to less than one-third.

The rapid expansion of towns meant that land was converted from a production
factor to a commodity traded in the active real estate market.

Water is obviously in short supply; Jordan is the fourth poorest country in the
world in water resources relative to population.

Agriculture's share of available water is shrinking year after year, as
population needs and industry have priority over scarce water.

Jordanian labourers willing to work in agriculture are hard to final. With the
spread of education, the new generation shuns jobs in the agricultural sector
and leaves them to guest workers, mainly Egyptians and, lately, Syrians.

Wages are transferred abroad. They do not make a contribution to the national
economy.

The capital available for agriculture is very limited. Farmers have to depend on
financing from either the Agricultural Lending Corporation or brokers.

A typical farmer is unable to buy the proper agricultural equipment, let alone
adopt modern technology that can double output and improve quality.

In order for the agricultural sector to prosper, efforts should be made to
improve the above-mentioned four factors. It is not enough to support
agriculture with nice words.

Agriculture received more than enough lip service from officials and the media,
and that did not change anything on the ground.

The Ministry of Agriculture believes that the future of this sector depends on
its share of the budget appropriation.

It called at one time for doubling its budget.

The Ministry of Finance responded by reclassifying all expenditures on projects
related to agriculture as part of the Ministry of Agriculture budget.

Total government expenditure on agriculture-related projects is from the
Ministry of Agriculture's own budget, so that the total public expenditure on
agriculture-related projects appears as a contribution to enhancing agriculture.

In this respect, one has to emphasise the fact that spending on agriculture is
something and spending on the Ministry of Agriculture is something else.

It is not feasible for the government to spend almost equal amounts on
agriculture and the value added in this sector, as its meagre contribution to
the gross domestic product does not exceed 2.5 per cent of GDP.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2015 The Jordan Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                             March 17, 2013 Sunday

Mir awards progressive farmers for excellent performance

LENGTH: 387 words

DATELINE: SRINAGAR


SRINAGAR, March 17 -- Urging farmers to produce more crops out of decreasing
means of land, the Minister for Agriculture, Ghulam Hassan Mir said that farmers
should keep liaison with Agriculture experts for adoption of latest
technologies.

Mir was addressing Divisional Level Exhibition/Kissan Mela-Cum-Farmers award
ceremony at SKICC today. The ceremony was organized by Department of Agriculture
, Kashmir Division under Agriculture Technology Management.

The Minister of State for Agriculture and Horticulture, Nazir Ahmad Gurezi, Vice
Chancellor SKUAST, Kashmir, Dr. Tej Pratap, Directors of various disciplines of
Agriculture and allied sectors, besides good number of progressive farmers were
present on the occasion.

Informing that Agriculture department has introduced various innovative schemes
to boost the agriculture during last 4 years, Mir said that need of the hour is
that farmers especially youth in rural areas should adopt the agriculture
wholeheartedly as a profession. He said Agriculture is not less income
generative than any other sectors. However, self confidence is imperative for
attaining self sufficiency.

Mir asked Agriculture experts to ensure transformation of technology from lab to
land. He said the department of Agriculture is establishing cold storage at each
block. He said 1500 demonstration plots shall be established during ensuing
agriculture season in Valley.

On the occasion, Mir distributed cheques worth Rs. 17 lakh among 114 progressive
farmers as award for their excellent performance they have shown in producing
more crops. Mir also expressed his satisfaction over the work done by Director
Agriculture, Kashmir, Farooq Ahmad Lone during his tenure.

The Minister of State for Agriculture and Horticulture, Nazir Ahmad Gurezi urged
the farmers to adopt the latest developmental schemes in agriculture sector,
adding farmers should work hard with zeal to produce more crops. He also called
for maintaining liaison with Agriculture experts. Vice Chancellor SKUAST
Kashmir, Dr. Tej Pratap and outgaining Director Agriculture Kashmir, Dr. Farooq
Ahmad Lone also spoke on the occasion. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Kashmir Images. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday
                              WeeklyTimes Edition

AG FAILS TO MAKE GRADE

BYLINE: By SHANNON TWOMEY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 710 words


AGRICULTURE in Victoria's secondary schools is in dire straits, with just 0.48
per cent of Year 12 students studying agriculture this year.

Of 50,413 Year 12 VCE students this year, just 245 chose the subject Agriculture
and Horticulture Studies, making it the fourth least popular subject. It was
nine fewer than last year and 70 below 2012's enrolment.

Student numbers have fallen consistently in the past 20 years, with 839
agriculture students in 1995 falling to 438 in 2005.

In contrast, Year 12 VCE Mathematical Methods had 16,080 students this year,
Business Management, 13,575, Biology, 12,775 and Studio Arts, 5621.

Agriculture and Horticulture Studies is the only VCE subject to focus on
agriculture and farming.

The decline has come as Victoria's food and fibre export industry is valued at
$11.4 billion.

Victorian Farmers Federation president Peter Tuohey said the decline in student
numbers was alarming.

â-- Continued Page 4 From Page 1 "I don't think schools are being that positive
in promoting agriculture career opportunities and certainly not at Year 12
level," Mr Tuohey said.

"This is one of the reasons why we are now relying on backpackers and overseas
workers because there are just not enough young people in the industry."
Victorian Agriculture and Horticulture Educators president Andrew Cosby said a
lack of agriculture teachers in schools also contributed to the problem.

"There are only about 35 agriculture teachers in Victoria at a VCE level," he
said.

"We are losing agriculture teachers in schools through retirement and there are
no new agriculture teachers coming up through the system." Lowanna College, in
Gippsland, is facing the prospect of closing its farm after its agriculture
teacher left the school six weeks ago.

Wangaratta High School agriculture teacher Andrew McLean said VCE students often
chose Agriculture and Horticulture Studies as a "filler subject", their last
choice when selecting subjects.

"We had three Year 12 students choose the subject this year and just one of the
three students did the exam," Mr McLean said. "I'm not sure what the subject's
future is - agriculture comes with a stigma and suffers from perception issues."
Some teachers told The Weekly Times "bright students" were not choosing the
subject because their final scores were standardised negatively.

Each VCE student's subjects are ranked out of 50, then scaled up or down
compared with all students in each subject to provide a tertiary entrance score.

In 2013, the average score for Agriculture and Horticulture Studies was 30,
which was scaled down to 24.

In comparison, Classical Greek Language was scaled up to 46. One Western
District secondary school teacher said "academic farm students who want to
attend university are choosing other subjects because Agriculture and
Horticulture Studies is scaled down".

A 2012 Victorian Government inquiry into agriculture education's recommendation
to scrap scaling for VCE subjects in areas experiencing skills shortages was
rejected by the Government.

Vocational Education and Training in Schools agriculture numbers are also
dropping.

The VETiS program provides training that involves schools, industry and TAFEs
and leads to qualifications such as a certificate two in agriculture.

Last year, 1343 senior secondary students completed a VETiS agriculture or
horticulture certificate, down from 1406 in 2012.

Mr Cosby blamed TAFE closures and fee increases.

He said GOTAFE recently told Elisabeth Murdoch College in Langwarrin its annual
agriculture fee would rise from $2000 to $10,000.

One Ballarat teacher said schools had received "no notice" Federation University
would increase fees by 300 per cent for a certificate two in agriculture next
year.

The teacher said the fee was "too expensive" for schools and students would not
have the opportunity to study a certificate two in agriculture until a "more
reasonably priced" education provider could be found.

Mr Cosby said there were thousands of organisations involved in agriculture but
several said agriculture education in schools was the responsibility of other
industry groups.

"So the question is: who actually is the agriculture industry and who is going
to take responsibility for this?" Mr Cosby said.

â-- Editorial, Page 16â-- Rule's View, Page 17

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Weekly Times


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Oregon: encouraged

LENGTH: 850 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:


 Agriculture's contribution to Oregon's economy, environment, and social well
being is worth celebrating. In observing National Agriculture Week March 13-19,
Americans are encouraged to say thank you to the more than 2 million farmers and
ranchers who produce food and fiber for a living. Statewide, there are more than
35,000 agricultural operators for Oregonians to salute.


 "There's no question that agriculture continues to be a major part of our
economy and that farmers and ranchers make huge contributions to Oregon's
environmental quality," says Oregon Department of Agriculture Director Katy
Coba.
 Nationally, Ag Week and Ag Day, celebrated March 15, encourage Americans to
understand how food and fiber products are produced, value the essential role of
agriculture in maintaining a strong economy, and appreciate the role agriculture
plays in providing safe, abundant, and affordable products.
 An Oregon State University study commissioned by ODA last year provides a
numerical snapshot of agriculture's importance to the state's economy:
 &middot;      Agriculture is directly and indirectly linked to about $50
billion in sales of goods and services, which is more than 13 percent of the
statewide total of sales involving all industry sectors.
 &middot;      Oregon agriculture directly or indirectly supports more than
326,000 full or part-time jobs, making up almost 14 percent of total jobs in the
state.
 &middot;      Oregon agriculture is responsible for $22.9 billion or 10.6
percent of the net state product.
 A few additional statistics support the notion that agriculture is worth
celebrating:
 &middot;      More than 98 percent of Oregon's farms are family operations-
dispelling the notion that agriculture in the state is made up of big corporate
farm factories.
 &middot;      Oregon agriculture is a key traded sector, ranking first in
volume of exported products and third in value of exported products.
 &middot;      Nationally, one farmer supplies food for about 155 people in the
US and abroad.
 In preparing for National Ag Week, ODA Director Coba has developed key messages
to a variety of audiences this year. She notes that Oregonians are very enamored
with agriculture and especially like their food to come from a local grower
whenever possible. Coba also commends farmers and ranchers for putting practices
in place that minimize impacts on Oregon's natural resources. They realize that
if they don't take care of the land and water, they are not going to be
productive. In addition, agricultural producers provide habitat for wildlife in
Oregon.
 With so many positives associated with agriculture, Coba's messages are
designed to prompt all Oregonians into taking some action, not only this coming
week, but 52 weeks a year.
 For the urban audience:
 "Go out and enjoy Oregon agricultural products, whether it is food, nursery, or
you name it. Spring is the time of year when we are re-energized. Farmers'
markets will be kicking into gear soon. So now is the time to look for Oregon
products and support our farmers and ranchers as you make your retail
purchases."
 For a rural audience:
 "We greatly appreciate what our rural communities contribute to our economy and
our culture. We want to continue working with you to figure out more ways that
agriculture can contribute to the economic benefit of rural Oregon."
 For families:
 "There is so much you can do with your family that is centered around
agriculture. Whether it's going to a u-pick farm operation, planting your own
garden, or preparing a fantastic meal prepared with Oregon products, agriculture
is a great way to connect with your kids and friends. Go out and celebrate
family and friends with Oregon agriculture as the centerpiece."
 For young people who may want to consider a career in agriculture:
 "There are so many great opportunities for a career in agriculture. The first
thing you may think is that the only choice is to be a farmer. Certainly, you
can work on a farm if you are interested. But you can also find a career in
marketing Oregon products, financing, or simply working with organizations and
institutions that support agriculture. There is a great need for infrastructure-
maybe it's selling farm equipment or fertilizers. There is a huge and wide array
of jobs that support agriculture and can use any expertise you might develop."
 For the Oregon Legislature:
 "Thank you for your support of Oregon agriculture. We need that support moving
forward. As we look for ways to continue to improve the economic, environmental,
and social contributions that agriculture makes to Oregon, legislative support
is critical to achievement."
 And finally, to the agriculture community itself:
 "Oregon would not be what it is without agriculture. Whether it's small farms,
large farms, whether you are marketing locally or internationally, you are all
valued. Be proud of what you are doing."






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Oregon: encouraged

LENGTH: 850 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:


 Agriculture's contribution to Oregon's economy, environment, and social well
being is worth celebrating. In observing National Agriculture Week March 13-19,
Americans are encouraged to say thank you to the more than 2 million farmers and
ranchers who produce food and fiber for a living. Statewide, there are more than
35,000 agricultural operators for Oregonians to salute.


 "There's no question that agriculture continues to be a major part of our
economy and that farmers and ranchers make huge contributions to Oregon's
environmental quality," says Oregon Department of Agriculture Director Katy
Coba.
 Nationally, Ag Week and Ag Day, celebrated March 15, encourage Americans to
understand how food and fiber products are produced, value the essential role of
agriculture in maintaining a strong economy, and appreciate the role agriculture
plays in providing safe, abundant, and affordable products.
 An Oregon State University study commissioned by ODA last year provides a
numerical snapshot of agriculture's importance to the state's economy:
 &middot;      Agriculture is directly and indirectly linked to about $50
billion in sales of goods and services, which is more than 13 percent of the
statewide total of sales involving all industry sectors.
 &middot;      Oregon agriculture directly or indirectly supports more than
326,000 full or part-time jobs, making up almost 14 percent of total jobs in the
state.
 &middot;      Oregon agriculture is responsible for $22.9 billion or 10.6
percent of the net state product.
 A few additional statistics support the notion that agriculture is worth
celebrating:
 &middot;      More than 98 percent of Oregon's farms are family operations-
dispelling the notion that agriculture in the state is made up of big corporate
farm factories.
 &middot;      Oregon agriculture is a key traded sector, ranking first in
volume of exported products and third in value of exported products.
 &middot;      Nationally, one farmer supplies food for about 155 people in the
US and abroad.
 In preparing for National Ag Week, ODA Director Coba has developed key messages
to a variety of audiences this year. She notes that Oregonians are very enamored
with agriculture and especially like their food to come from a local grower
whenever possible. Coba also commends farmers and ranchers for putting practices
in place that minimize impacts on Oregon's natural resources. They realize that
if they don't take care of the land and water, they are not going to be
productive. In addition, agricultural producers provide habitat for wildlife in
Oregon.
 With so many positives associated with agriculture, Coba's messages are
designed to prompt all Oregonians into taking some action, not only this coming
week, but 52 weeks a year.
 For the urban audience:
 "Go out and enjoy Oregon agricultural products, whether it is food, nursery, or
you name it. Spring is the time of year when we are re-energized. Farmers'
markets will be kicking into gear soon. So now is the time to look for Oregon
products and support our farmers and ranchers as you make your retail
purchases."
 For a rural audience:
 "We greatly appreciate what our rural communities contribute to our economy and
our culture. We want to continue working with you to figure out more ways that
agriculture can contribute to the economic benefit of rural Oregon."
 For families:
 "There is so much you can do with your family that is centered around
agriculture. Whether it's going to a u-pick farm operation, planting your own
garden, or preparing a fantastic meal prepared with Oregon products, agriculture
is a great way to connect with your kids and friends. Go out and celebrate
family and friends with Oregon agriculture as the centerpiece."
 For young people who may want to consider a career in agriculture:
 "There are so many great opportunities for a career in agriculture. The first
thing you may think is that the only choice is to be a farmer. Certainly, you
can work on a farm if you are interested. But you can also find a career in
marketing Oregon products, financing, or simply working with organizations and
institutions that support agriculture. There is a great need for infrastructure-
maybe it's selling farm equipment or fertilizers. There is a huge and wide array
of jobs that support agriculture and can use any expertise you might develop."
 For the Oregon Legislature:
 "Thank you for your support of Oregon agriculture. We need that support moving
forward. As we look for ways to continue to improve the economic, environmental,
and social contributions that agriculture makes to Oregon, legislative support
is critical to achievement."
 And finally, to the agriculture community itself:
 "Oregon would not be what it is without agriculture. Whether it's small farms,
large farms, whether you are marketing locally or internationally, you are all
valued. Be proud of what you are doing."






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Oregon: encouraged

LENGTH: 850 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:


 Agriculture's contribution to Oregon's economy, environment, and social well
being is worth celebrating. In observing National Agriculture Week March 13-19,
Americans are encouraged to say thank you to the more than 2 million farmers and
ranchers who produce food and fiber for a living. Statewide, there are more than
35,000 agricultural operators for Oregonians to salute.


 "There's no question that agriculture continues to be a major part of our
economy and that farmers and ranchers make huge contributions to Oregon's
environmental quality," says Oregon Department of Agriculture Director Katy
Coba.
 Nationally, Ag Week and Ag Day, celebrated March 15, encourage Americans to
understand how food and fiber products are produced, value the essential role of
agriculture in maintaining a strong economy, and appreciate the role agriculture
plays in providing safe, abundant, and affordable products.
 An Oregon State University study commissioned by ODA last year provides a
numerical snapshot of agriculture's importance to the state's economy:
 &middot;      Agriculture is directly and indirectly linked to about $50
billion in sales of goods and services, which is more than 13 percent of the
statewide total of sales involving all industry sectors.
 &middot;      Oregon agriculture directly or indirectly supports more than
326,000 full or part-time jobs, making up almost 14 percent of total jobs in the
state.
 &middot;      Oregon agriculture is responsible for $22.9 billion or 10.6
percent of the net state product.
 A few additional statistics support the notion that agriculture is worth
celebrating:
 &middot;      More than 98 percent of Oregon's farms are family operations-
dispelling the notion that agriculture in the state is made up of big corporate
farm factories.
 &middot;      Oregon agriculture is a key traded sector, ranking first in
volume of exported products and third in value of exported products.
 &middot;      Nationally, one farmer supplies food for about 155 people in the
US and abroad.
 In preparing for National Ag Week, ODA Director Coba has developed key messages
to a variety of audiences this year. She notes that Oregonians are very enamored
with agriculture and especially like their food to come from a local grower
whenever possible. Coba also commends farmers and ranchers for putting practices
in place that minimize impacts on Oregon's natural resources. They realize that
if they don't take care of the land and water, they are not going to be
productive. In addition, agricultural producers provide habitat for wildlife in
Oregon.
 With so many positives associated with agriculture, Coba's messages are
designed to prompt all Oregonians into taking some action, not only this coming
week, but 52 weeks a year.
 For the urban audience:
 "Go out and enjoy Oregon agricultural products, whether it is food, nursery, or
you name it. Spring is the time of year when we are re-energized. Farmers'
markets will be kicking into gear soon. So now is the time to look for Oregon
products and support our farmers and ranchers as you make your retail
purchases."
 For a rural audience:
 "We greatly appreciate what our rural communities contribute to our economy and
our culture. We want to continue working with you to figure out more ways that
agriculture can contribute to the economic benefit of rural Oregon."
 For families:
 "There is so much you can do with your family that is centered around
agriculture. Whether it's going to a u-pick farm operation, planting your own
garden, or preparing a fantastic meal prepared with Oregon products, agriculture
is a great way to connect with your kids and friends. Go out and celebrate
family and friends with Oregon agriculture as the centerpiece."
 For young people who may want to consider a career in agriculture:
 "There are so many great opportunities for a career in agriculture. The first
thing you may think is that the only choice is to be a farmer. Certainly, you
can work on a farm if you are interested. But you can also find a career in
marketing Oregon products, financing, or simply working with organizations and
institutions that support agriculture. There is a great need for infrastructure-
maybe it's selling farm equipment or fertilizers. There is a huge and wide array
of jobs that support agriculture and can use any expertise you might develop."
 For the Oregon Legislature:
 "Thank you for your support of Oregon agriculture. We need that support moving
forward. As we look for ways to continue to improve the economic, environmental,
and social contributions that agriculture makes to Oregon, legislative support
is critical to achievement."
 And finally, to the agriculture community itself:
 "Oregon would not be what it is without agriculture. Whether it's small farms,
large farms, whether you are marketing locally or internationally, you are all
valued. Be proud of what you are doing."






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Kashmir Monitor (India)

                              July 10, 2015 Friday

Land conversion continues unabated

LENGTH: 495 words

DATELINE: SRINAGAR


SRINAGAR, July 10 -- With over 60 percent population of Jammu and Kashmir being
directly or indirectly dependent on the agriculture sector, the authorities are
yet to implement the 'agriculture policy' that will actualize the vast untapped
growth potential of this sector.

Several states have implemented the agriculture policy to increase production
and productivity of the crops and to enable farmers to diversify their crop
production so as to take advantage of market opportunities.

However, the government has so far failed to implement the effective agriculture
policy in the state that will lay down long term road map for improvisation of
agriculture sector.

Officials sources said a draft of agriculture policy was framed but authorities
were not bothered to ensure its implementation with the result the state seeing
a decline in agriculture production.

"The agriculture policy has been confined to papers only without being
implemented on the ground. Although majority of population is directly or
indirectly dependent on the sector but government has been least interested in
implementing the agriculture policy," the official said.

The policy was framed to actualize the vast untapped growth potential of the
agriculture, promote value addition, accelerate the growth of agri-business, and
create employment in rural areas.

The farmers said they have raised the issue with the government several times to
implement the agriculture policy in the state, but to no avail. "Only assurances
have been given to the farmers by the authorities that agriculture policy will
be implemented but no such efforts have been made on the ground," said Ghulam
Mohammad, a farmer of Anantnag.

Officials said without agriculture policy, the state was unable to take
advantage of several centrally sponsored schemes that would have been beneficial
to boost agriculture crops by introducing high breed seeds, inputs on subsidy
rates besides technical knowhow to state's farmers.

Kashmir's economy is highly dependent on agriculture, supporting over 60 percent
of its population. Officials said the agriculture policy would have helped in
educating the farmers about the latest technology that is being used in
developed world.

The provisions of J&K Land Revenue Act 1996 prohibits the conversion of paddy or
vegetable land into any other use. The construction of residential and
commercial buildings on agricultural land is violation of the master plan is
believed another reason for decline in agriculture production.

Agriculture Minister Ghulam Nabi Lone said the government was in the process in
implementing effective agriculture policy. "We are also making awareness among
the farmers about the new technology in farming sector that is being used in the
developed world," he said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Kashmir Monitor. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Kashmir Monitor
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

Hayleys Agriculture dominates Agbiz Awards

LENGTH: 512 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Sept. 3 -- Hayleys Agriculture, the Agribusiness division of the
Hayleys conglomerate once again dominated the AGBIZ awards of the National
Agribusiness Council winning 10 awards including a record five Golds at the
Awards ceremony at BMICH.

The Chief Guest was the Minister of Agriculture Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena.

Rizvi Zaheed, Managing Director of Hayleys Agriculture Holdings Limited
receiving the awards from Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena, Minister of Agriculture, at
the National Agri Business Awards 2013 at BMICH

Hayleys Agriculture has been consistently recognized for its outstanding
contribution to agriculture in Sri Lanka and has been in the forefront of the
country's agricultural development.

Managing Director Rizvi Zaheed said, "The awards won by Hayleys is recognition
of this outstanding contribution and gives the company the impetus to constantly
innovate transform agriculture in Sri Lanka."

Activities of Hayleys Agriculture cover the entire range from the provision of
high quality inputs for modern and sustainable agriculture to the international
marketing of high quality value added food and horticultural products. Hayleys
had provided the grass roots level leadership through innovation and best
practices in agriculture that has helped farmers and agribusinesses in Sri Lanka
to achieve improved yields and enhanced incomes.

The company is constantly researching and introducing appropriate and
sustainable products and services to the entire agriculture community and has
helped modernize and contribute to the development of all key areas in the
agriculture, dairy and animal health sectors.

Hayleys Agriculture pioneered the introduction of hybrid flower seeds in Sri
Lanka, developed commercial rain-water harvesting, researched and introduced
high quality seeds and planting materials, provided the leadership for
mechanization of agriculture and is the only company to have successfully taken
a wide a range of value-added agri and food products to important global
markets.

The Food Export division of Hayleys Agriculture accounts for over 47% of Sri
Lanka's exports of fruits and vegetables and is the only Sri Lankan company to
have expanded to such a wide range of markets across the world with innovative
and high value food products which has helped to significantly enhance the image
and capability of the country as a producer of such high quality consumer and
B2B products.

The strong involvement of Hayleys Agriculture with the farming community through
out-grower partnerships, agri extension services and with the country's
government and research agencies has given Hayleys a prominent place in the
agriculture sector.

With the aim of further contributing to the development of Sri Lankan farmer
community, Hayleys Agriculture presented the first prize of a 2-wheel tractor to
the 1st Prize winner of the Agbiz Farmer Awards.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           December 5, 2012 Wednesday

Pakistan: Provinces cautious about India's highly-subsidised agriculture sector

LENGTH: 823 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Dec. 5 -- The provincial governments' representatives have expressed
caution over competing with the highly-subsidised agriculture sector of India,
even though all of them have shown unanimity in continuing trade liberalisation
with the neighboring country.

Provinces' representatives expressed their opinions at an inter-ministerial
meeting convened by the Federal Ministry of Commerce in the federal capital on
November 15, 2012. The meeting's agenda was to discuss matters related to
agriculture trade with India and to solicit suggestions from relevant
departments in this regard.

The meeting, which was chaired by Robina Ather, Joint Secretary, Ministry of
Commerce, was participated by officials from the agriculture departments of
Sindh, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Baluchistan and Punjab.

As per the meeting's recorded proceedings, Robina Ather said that Pakistan and
India were in the process of normalising bilateral trade relations and Pakistan
notified the negative trade list with India.

"Pakistan's agriculture sector has a few concerns in the wake of trade
liberalisation with India vis-a-vis subsidies provided to its agriculture sector
by India," she said. "The two countries are agrarian economies with
food-security related issues existing on both sides."

Therefore, she added, as per the government of Pakistan's existing policy, wheat
and sugar trade was regulated by the public sector. As regards cotton, vegetable
and fruits, she added, these are already being traded between India and
Pakistan.

However, she said, there were issues related to the import of rice from India.
She also emphasised that agriculture commodities were always in high demand in
the local market due to seasonal phenomenon.

Also speaking on the occasion, Hidayatullah, director general of Sindh
Agriculture Department, reported that the department had meetings with
stakeholders from the province, particularly the growers and business community,
whereas there was no disagreement on allowing the import of agriculture products
from India.

According to him, huge subsidies and support prices provided to India's
agriculture sector on diesel, fertiliser, and electricity would make Pakistan's
agriculture produce less competitive in relation to India. Secondly, there were
colossal post-harvest losses in Pakistan due to lack of technology.

Underscoring Sindh's agriculture scope, he said that chilli, banana, rice,
onion, turnips, spinach, dates and wheat cultivated in the province had immense
potential in the Indian market. He suggested that the Munabao-Khokhrapar route
could be opened for trade with India to the benefit of the province,
particularly Thatta, Badin and Mirpurkhas. For him, opening of trade through
this route would turn Umarkot on the Pakistani side and Mithi on the Indian side
into active trading zones.

He underlined that infrastructure could be built and state-of-the-art
agriculture machinery be introduced in the province to avoid crop damage during
processing. He informed the meeting that to develop the province's agriculture
sector, the Sindh government in collaboration with the federal government, was
making Export Processing Zones across the province such as the ones in Karachi,
Khairpur, Nawabshah, Sanghar, etc.

Director General Agriculture Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Abdur Rashid stated that the
province's agriculture produce has an enormous potential in the Indian market.

Commenting on trade with India, he said that as India was heavily subsidising
its agriculture sector, the government could consider providing a similar
pattern of subsidies in Pakistan so that the agriculture sector could become
competitive.

Nevertheless, he added, India was manufacturing high-tech agriculture machinery
and its import from India would definitely enhance Pakistan's productivity by
reducing wastage and lowering input cost.

Masuud Ahmed, director of Baluchistan Agriculture Department, said that
commodities such as onions, fruit, dates, etc. had great export potential.

"Presently, there is cultivation of apples on 8,000 hectores of land and dates
on 60,000 hectors in the province," he said.

He also emphasised on developing infrastructure, such as warehouses, cold
storages, roads etc. and suggested that an exhibition of Pakistan's agri
products in India should be organised.

Dr Muhammad Anjum, director general of Punjab Agriculture Department, observed
that due to subsidies given to the agriculture sector in India, agriculture
products' import from India could negatively affect Punjab's agriculture sector.
Therefore, a cautious approach should be adopted during the process of opening
trade with India. Furthermore, he proposed agriculture centres be opened in all
districts of Pakistan for agriculture research purpose Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             March 6, 2007 Tuesday

PAKISTAN UZBEKISTAN AGREE ON AGRI COOP

LENGTH: 436 words


Pakistan and Uzbekistan agreed to establish mutual cooperation for agricultural
development. This was consensus in the meeting between delegation of Uzbekistan
headed by Mr. S. Ismaoilov, Minister for Agriculture and Water Management,
Deputy Minister for Foreign Economic Cooperation and other members of Uzbek
delegation who met Mr. Arshad Khan Lodhi, Minister for Agriculture, Punjab today
to discuss various avenues for mutual cooperation to develop agriculture sector.
It was also agreed to formalize exchange programme for scientists and farmers to
benefit from research and mutual experiences.

Mr. Arshad Khan Lodhi, Minister for Agriculture, Punjab welcome the delegation
and appreciated their interest and proposal to cooperate particularly in the
areas of conventional breeding, hybridation and bio-technology for developing
agriculture. He informed that Punjab is the largest province and contributing
80% of agricultural produce in Pakistan.

Mr. Fayyaz Bashir, Secretary Agriculture, Punjab, Dr. Khalid Gill, Director
General Agriculture (Research), Mr. Mushtaq Ahmad Gill, Director General
Agriculture (Water Management), Dr. Ijaz Pervaiz, Director General Agriculture
(Pest Warning), Rana Muhammad Yousuf, Director Agriculture (Ext.) Headquarters,
Mr. Natiq Hussain, Chief Planning & Evaluation Cell and Mr. M. Rafiq Akhtar,
Director Agriculture Information were also present and assisted the Minister for
Agriculture during the discussion.

The Secretary Agriculture, Punjab briefed that agriculture sector is
contributing 24% of DGP and offering 45% employment with main policy focus to
ensure food security for the population. He further told that Pakistan is
observing strict sanitary and phyto-sanitary measures to maintain high quality
standards for agricultural produce according to WTO agreements. He mentioned
that Pakistan is producing 22 million ton wheat and exporting surplus wheat to
Afghanistan and Middle East. He told Pakistan is spending huge foreign exchange
for import of edible oil and phosphatic fertilizers.

Director General Agriculture (Research) also briefed about the research
priorities and on-going projects and suggested to benefit from each others
research/experiences to check the problem and menace of salinity and water
logging. Director General Agriculture (Water Management) briefed about the water
vision of the Government for development of water resources and efficient water
management to enhance agricultural productivity. The Minister for Agriculture,
Uzbekistan also presented a memento to Mr. Arshad Khan Lodhi, Minister for
Agriculture, Punjab at this occasion.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulation/Government Policy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2007 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

California: USDA-NASS Sends National Agricultural Classification Survey Ahead of
2017 Census of Agriculture

LENGTH: 402  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   In preparation for the 2017 Census of Agriculture, close to one million
potential farmers and ranchers will receive the National Agricultural
Classification Survey (NACS) this month to help the U.S. Department of
Agriculture identify all active farms and ranches in the United States. The
result of the NACS will determine who receives a census of agriculture
questionnaire next December.





 The census of agriculture, conducted every five years by the USDA's National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS), is the only source of uniform,
comprehensive and impartial agricultural data for every county in the nation.
Through the census of agriculture, producers are able to demonstrate the value
and importance of agriculture, and influence decisions that will shape the
future of the industry in this country.



 "NACS plays an integral role in getting a complete count of U.S. agriculture,"
said NASS Census and Survey Division Director Barbara Rater. "We ask everyone
who receives the survey to please respond by January 30, so that we can maintain
an accurate and comprehensive census of agriculture mailing list. This is an
important opportunity. The census of agriculture is the leading source of facts
about American agriculture. Farm organizations, businesses, government
decision-makers, commodity market analysts, news media, researchers and so many
others use census of agriculture data. We are ensuring that every farm and ranch
has a voice."



 The census of agriculture defines a farm as any place, big or small, that
produces and sells, or could sell, $1,000 or more of agriculture products within
a calendar year. NACS is required by law as part of the census of agriculture.
By this same law, all information reported by individuals is protected.



 Since 1972, NASDA has been a partner with NASS in providing timely, accurate
and useful statistics to U.S. agriculture. Under our NASS-NASDA cooperative
agreement, NASDA employs more than 3,000 enumerators across the country who
collect agricultural data on behalf of NASS.



 NASS will begin data collection for the 2017 Census of Agriculture in late
2017. The census of agriculture is Your Voice, Your Future, Your Opportunity.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

California: USDA-NASS Sends National Agricultural Classification Survey Ahead of
2017 Census of Agriculture

LENGTH: 402  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   In preparation for the 2017 Census of Agriculture, close to one million
potential farmers and ranchers will receive the National Agricultural
Classification Survey (NACS) this month to help the U.S. Department of
Agriculture identify all active farms and ranches in the United States. The
result of the NACS will determine who receives a census of agriculture
questionnaire next December.





 The census of agriculture, conducted every five years by the USDA's National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS), is the only source of uniform,
comprehensive and impartial agricultural data for every county in the nation.
Through the census of agriculture, producers are able to demonstrate the value
and importance of agriculture, and influence decisions that will shape the
future of the industry in this country.



 "NACS plays an integral role in getting a complete count of U.S. agriculture,"
said NASS Census and Survey Division Director Barbara Rater. "We ask everyone
who receives the survey to please respond by January 30, so that we can maintain
an accurate and comprehensive census of agriculture mailing list. This is an
important opportunity. The census of agriculture is the leading source of facts
about American agriculture. Farm organizations, businesses, government
decision-makers, commodity market analysts, news media, researchers and so many
others use census of agriculture data. We are ensuring that every farm and ranch
has a voice."



 The census of agriculture defines a farm as any place, big or small, that
produces and sells, or could sell, $1,000 or more of agriculture products within
a calendar year. NACS is required by law as part of the census of agriculture.
By this same law, all information reported by individuals is protected.



 Since 1972, NASDA has been a partner with NASS in providing timely, accurate
and useful statistics to U.S. agriculture. Under our NASS-NASDA cooperative
agreement, NASDA employs more than 3,000 enumerators across the country who
collect agricultural data on behalf of NASS.



 NASS will begin data collection for the 2017 Census of Agriculture in late
2017. The census of agriculture is Your Voice, Your Future, Your Opportunity.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Elkhart Truth (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 14, 2015 Monday

Elkhart Community Schools wants to be the 'largest agriculture program in the
state'

BYLINE: Michelle Sokol, The Elkhart Truth, Ind.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 918 words


Dec. 14--ELKHART -- Elkhart County ranks third in the state for the total value
of agricultural products sold, yet its largest public school district does not
offer agriculture education -- until now.

Starting with the hire of agriscience coordinator Cyndy Keeling, Elkhart
Community Schools has launched an agriculture education program that will
introduce students from elementary to high school to the field.

Keeling is just getting her feet wet this year by designing curriculum and
working through short activities with elementary classes, but she has big
visions for the future of the program.

"This could be the largest agricultural program in the state of Indiana," she
said. "We want to be renowned. We want people to know that we are a top
agriculture school district."

Related Stories

While other schools in the area have strong agriculture programs, they mostly
focus on the production side of the field. Elkhart, on the other hand, hopes to
be more science-oriented.

Keeling talked passionately about what's to come with agriculture education
within Elkhart's 20 schools and the Elkhart Area Career Center.

Keeling, who grew up on a farm and later earned a teaching license to become an
agriculture educator, started working for the district in August. She said she
has spent the first few months mapping out the district's philosophy, vision and
mission regarding agriculture education.

The mission statement she has crafted says:

"The Elkhart Community Schools Agriculture Department serves the greater Elkhart
community to empower the diverse population of our corporation to study
agriculture and develop skills that will provide them with marketable skills and
a high level of college-readiness.

"Our mission is to educate through research, hands-on applied activities and
supervised experiences. Through rigor and relevance will empower our students to
be successful as lifelong learners in secondary, postsecondary,
entrepreneurship, industry and leadership settings. Elkhart Community Schools'
students will have the power to change their lives as well as the image of urban
agriculture for generations."

'MORE THAN PLOWS, COWS AND SOWS'

Keeling, who lives in Bremen, has loved agriculture  all of her life, as she
grew up on a farm.

"It's basically all I know," she said. "I've always had an interest in
agriculture."

She graduated from Purdue University with an agriculture economics degree and
spent 19 years working with John Deere dealers before transitioning to teaching.

She initially started her teaching career in Union-North United School Corp. in
LaVille because the district was talking about shutting down the agriculture
program, but she has since fallen in love with the education aspect of the
field.

"I've always loved working with kids, and I've loved every minute of it," she
said.

She spent seven years as a teacher with LaVille schools before the agriculture
job was posted with Elkhart Community Schools. It was an opportunity she knew
she could not pass up.

"It's such a challenge and such a huge opportunity," she said, talking fast with
excitement. "What better challenge is there to present to the kids of our
community than teaching them where their food comes from?"

She said her biggest goal is to teach students -- and the larger community --
that agriculture has more of an impact on everyone's everyday life than they
realize. She also hopes to help the community overcome the stigma of agriculture
, that it is an outdated and purely traditional profession.

"It's not just plows, cows and sows," she said. "Its microscopes and technology
and new possibilities."

DIVING INTO 'UNCHARTED WATERS'

Keeling has already introduced some elementary classes to agriculture through
hands-on lunchtime activities, but the program will be in full swing by next
year. The plan is to introduce agriculture curriculum into middle school
classrooms in August, reaching nearly 700 students in the first year.

Keeling has been working with other administrators and teachers within the
district to establish an eight-year plan that will expand those agriculture
programs into the high schools and the elementary schools.

But Elkhart Area Career Center students need not wait to get involved. The
center launched its first FFA chapter and already about 30 members have joined.
They will begin competing in January, Keeling said.

And teachers do not need to wait for Keeling to introduce the curriculum into
their classrooms to begin introducing their students to agriculture.

Elkhart Community Schools owns a 114-acre farm in Cleveland Township off of Ash
Road that Keeling said she hopes to use for field learning experiences. More
than 600 elementary students already visited the farm last year to learn about
livestock and crops, and Keeling has plans to bring more out to the property,
named the Agriculture Community Center and Environmental Learning Lab, this
year.

She said the possibilities with agriculture education within Elkhart schools are
endless, especially with the support she has received from administrators,
teachers and Elkhart County Farm Bureau.

"There is so much uncharted water in agriculture here, and we're ready to dive
in," Keeling said. "We could be the mecca of agriculture. Too many students in
the county are just not exposed to agriculture right now."

Follow education reporter Michelle Sokol on Twitter at @michelle_sokol.

___ (c)2015 The Elkhart Truth (Elkhart, Ind). Visit The Elkhart Truth (Elkhart,
Ind). at www.elkharttruth.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151214-1ET-Elkhart-Community-Schools-wants-to-be-the-largest-
agriculture-program-in-the-state-1214-20151214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1ET


                        Copyright 2015 The Elkhart Truth


                              70 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                December 9, 2011

Africa divided over climate-smart agriculture

BYLINE: Sean Christie

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 902 words

DATELINE: Durban, South Africa



HIGHLIGHT: Agriculture is a big issue for the Africa Group at COP17, with many
African delegates sporting "No Agriculture, No Deal" badges.>


Agriculture is a big issue for the Africa Group at COP17, with many African
delegates sporting "No Agriculture, No Deal" badges and many a speech ending
with the same slogan. In week two of the conference the Africa Group's push for
a separate set of negotiations on agriculture, a "work programme for agriculture
" in the parlance of the conference, appears to be breaking up under the strain
of both external and internal differences.

Speaking on condition of anonymity a negotiator for a West African nation said
the Africa Group -- given the fact that "two-thirds of Africans are dependent on
agriculture and are thus extremely vulnerable to climate change" -- had agreed
before the Durban conference that agriculture should be "dealt with as an
adaptation issue" rather than a mitigation issue, "which we have always feared
would lead to developing nations forcing carbon markets on Africa, thereby
avoiding putting money up for adaptation".

However, the situation changed on Wednesday when the high-level negotiations
began with "Canada, the United States and Australia suddenly insisting that
there would be no deal on agriculture unless it was also dealt with as a
mitigation issue. It has been disappointing to hear some members of the Africa
Group suddenly talking as if discussing agriculture as a mitigation issue is now
acceptable," said the negotiator.

Bridge over troubled waterWhile decisions are made behind closed doors at COP17,
we visit communities with local water project Umphilo WaManzi, which is helping
people adapt to changing weather patterns and educating them on how to be
conscious of and protect their water supply. More videosThe source did not say
which African countries were amenable to discussing agriculture as a mitigation
issue, which involves the development of soil carbon markets, but South Africa's
role in building African consensus around the concept of "climate-smart
agriculture", which has soil carbon capture as one of several ways to help
farmers respond to climate change, has been sharply criticised by some
non-governmental organisations.

"It's a textbook case of the developed world using an influential regional power
to manufacture consensus around a strategy that suits the developed world but is
not in the best interests of Africa's small-scale farmers," said Teresa Anderson
of the Gaia Foundation, adding that South African Agriculture Minister Tina
Joemat-Pettersson "suddenly started advocating climate-smart agriculture at the
United Nations Food and Agriculture Organisation's conference in Rome in June
and, by September, she had organised, with World Bank funds, a meeting with
African's environmental ministers in Johannesburg at which they supported the
concept. Not all the African negotiators are happy with the pace at which all of
this happened," said Anderson.

Senyi Nafo, spokesperson for the Africa Group, said there had been "intense
discussion" about the suitability of climate-smart agriculture  to Africa's
climate change problems.

"I personally don't believe there is any such thing as climate-smart agriculture
-- I believe in developmental agriculture and any concept which allows the
negotiation focus to fall on mitigation rather than adaptation."

Africa Group chairperson Tosi Mpanu-Mpanu said carbon markets would not work for
Africa because the majority of African farmers farmed on fewer than two hectares
of land, "which is not enough to sequester an amount of carbon that it would be
meaningful to sell. We're very suspicious that offset schemes will lead to the
perversion of African agriculture, with farmers farming what is incentivised and
giving up traditional crops."

Harjeet Singh of ActionAid International said that farmers with fewer than two
hectares would only be able to make $3 a year at the present rate for carbon. He
said he did not doubt the intentions of South Africa in "pushing for
climate-smart agriculture as the answer to agriculture's problems" but added
that "climate-smart agriculture could benefit South Africa a lot because your
farmers are large-scale and carbon markets work for agriculture on the
industrial scale".

Even South African Planning MinÂ­ister Trevor Manuel, who co-chairs the Green
Climate Fund, weighed in on the issue at a COP17 side event, saying "one hears
all this talk of carbon markets but Africa only produces 3% of global greenhouse
gas emissions and South Africa produces half that amount, so tell me, where is
this market, for what carbon?"

Ghana, Mali and Tanzania are said to be prominent among the Africa Group's
carbon-smart agriculture naysayers and apparently held up the African
Ministerial Conference on the Environment's September declaration in support of
the drive for an agriculture work programme at the COP17 conference.

According to the Mail & Guardian's source, "they insisted that agriculture be
dealt with as an adaptation issue under the Cancun Adaptation Framework and
expressed concern that an endorsement of climate-smart agriculture would open
the door for agriculture to be discussed as a mitigation issue. In the end, they
endorsed the concept, but their fears have been realised at COP17, with
developed nations insisting on carbon markets.

"The time is coming when these African nations will simply say, 'enough, we're
being tricked'."

For the latest COP17 news and special features

>

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     High Plains Sentinel (Wright, Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 12, 2015

Wyoming Agricultural Literacy Week is March 9-14

BYLINE: High Plains Sentinel staff

LENGTH: 901  words


"The opportunity for young people to have literacy in agriculture is not only
good for general learning it is also good for the basic understanding they need
to have of where things come from, most importantly food," Wyoming Governor Matt
Mead stated during a February meeting with Wyoming Farm Bureau (WyFB) Young
Farmer and Rancher (YF&R) Committee members.

Recognizing the importance of the Wyoming agriculture industry and educating
school children through reading, the week of March 9th has been designated by
Governor Mead as "Wyoming Agricultural Literacy Week."

Educating Wyoming school children about agriculture is the goal of the WyFB YF&R
Committee "Ag Books for Kids" project. 2015 marks the eleventh year of the
project. The WyFB YF&R Committee organizes the project and the county Farm
Bureaus across the state donate agriculture books each year to the elementary
school libraries across Wyoming. During the proclamation signing on Feb. 3, the
Governor emphasized the importance of educating about agriculture through
literacy. "Non-fiction literacy is important because students are learning the
facts and the reality of the world," Governor Mead stated. "In terms of
agriculture literacy, it is critically important to our state and country
because we need people to know what agriculture means to them, not just
occasionally, but every single day of their life." "Learning starts when kids
are young so spurring the thought process about agriculture while they are young
is important," WyFB YF&R State Chair and Goshen County Farmer Cole Coxbill said.
"We appreciate the Governor's support of agriculture literacy and our
organization's "Ag Books" project." The "Wyoming Agriculture Literacy Week"
proclamation reads: "Educating through literature is a top priority for school
children; where reading is a fundamental standard in the education system." The
proclamation continues: "Many aspects of our daily lives, including the food we
eat, clothes we wear, and medicine we depend on, are all intertwined and made
possible because of agriculture. Wyoming agriculture also provides open spaces,
scenic vistas and fresh air. Not only do Wyoming's farmers and ranchers provide
us with the food we eat, but they are also the first environmental stewards,
maintaining and improving the soil and natural resources to pass on to future
generations." Governor Mead emphasized the importance of agriculture for the
stability of our state and country. "It would be appropriate for us to thank a
farmer or rancher because they keep food on our table. They are the ones that
provide opportunities and so many jobs, they are the ones that provide a quality
of life not just for those in agriculture, but for those who enjoy open spaces
and vistas," He explained. Agriculture is the third largest industry in Wyoming.
According to Governor Mead, agriculture should also get a "supporting
actor/actress" award for other industries. "As you calculate the amount of money
agriculture brings into the state it is always undersold," He explained. "If you
hypothetically said we eliminated 11,000 farms and ranches and put houses there,
what opportunities would be lost for sportsmen, hunting, fishing and wildlife,
oil and gas and mineral development? Agriculture is big in and of itself, but it
also supports everything we do in this state." "We should never take it for
granted because agriculture doesn't come by accident, it is a lot of hard work
and dedication of many people through many generations," Governor Mead stated.
"As we think about the future of agriculture it is going to take not only the
dedication and hard work that we have known since Statehood, but it is also
going to take great education because as fewer people are based in agriculture
we have to reach out to everyone and explain the role of agriculture." "Because
it has been so good for so long, we as a country don't know starvation, there
are some who have experienced this, but we as a country don't know starvation
and what it is like to be hungry," Mead stated. "That cannot be overstated
because when you are hungry and can't feed your family, little else matters, and
what agriculture supplies is the stability of food day in and day out."

"Agriculture is huge in Wyoming, it is huge for our country, and it is huge for
the world," Governor Mead concluded. "As a young agriculture producer in
Wyoming, it is exciting to have a governor that understands the importance of
agriculture, not only to our state, but to our nation and world," said Rachel
Grant, Converse County Rancher and WyFB YF&R Committee Member. "We have a lot of
years ahead of us on the ranch and in the cow business; it's encouraging to work
in a state that values what we do."

Three contests are offered for Wyoming students to encourage use of the book and
provide application opportunities for what is learned from reading the book. The
2015 contests are: Coloring Contest for kindergarten and first graders; Poster
Contest for second and third graders; and a Creative Writing Contest for fourth
and fifth graders. Wyoming students and teachers are encouraged to visit their
school's elementary library to check out the 2015 book "Extra Cheese Please!" by
Cris Peterson. Next, visit www.wyfb.org and click on the education tab for
contest rules and details For questions, kclarkOwyfb.org or 307.532.2002. The
county contest deadline is April 10, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HPS

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 High Plains Sentinel


                              72 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright (c) 1998 Drake University
                       Drake Journal of Agricultural Law

                                  Winter, 1998

                            3 Drake J. Agric. L. 423

LENGTH: 4325 words

ARTICLE: THE ROLE OF LAW IN PROMOTING SUSTAINABLE AGRICULTURE: REFLECTIONS ON
TEN YEARS OF EXPERIENCE IN THE UNITED STATES


NAME: Neil D. Hamilton*

BIO:



   *Neil D. Hamilton is the Ellis and Nelle Levitt Distinguished Professor of
Law an Director, Agricultural Law Center, Drake University Law School, Des
Moines, Iowa, USA. This essay is based on a presentation given at the Union
Mondiale des Agraristes Universitaires (the All World Union of Agricultural Law
Professors) (UMAU) 5th World Congress on Agrarian Law held May 19-21, 1998 in
Porto Alegre, Brazil.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... For the last ten years, I have had the opportunity to be directly involved
in efforts to promote "sustainable agriculture" in the United States. Since
1987, I have served on the Advisory Board for the Leopold Center for Sustainable
Agriculture located at Iowa State University, one of the leading land grant
agricultural research institutions in the United States. ... Sustainable
agriculture is defined in various ways, but in its simplest form, it means
developing agricultural practices which protect the environment while preserving
the economic profitability of farmers. ...  One of the key challenges in
developing a more sustainable agriculture is for agricultural lawyers and
policymakers to identify and work to reduce the impact these legal and
institutional barriers may present. ...  While most work in sustainable
agriculture has been agronomic, it is important to recognize the important link
between the economic and social structure of agriculture and developing
sustainable agricultural systems. ...  Perhaps the most significant obstacle to
including questions of structure and social policy in sustainable agriculture
research is that it is impossible to address the issue without encountering
difficult "political" issues that are controversial in the agricultural
community. ... Eighth, using the food system concept is one way to make
"sustainable agriculture" important to consumers. ... Let me conclude by
summarizing several of the important opportunities that exist for agricultural
lawyers and policymakers to promote sustainable agriculture. ...

TEXT:
 [*423]

   I. Introduction


   For the last ten years, I have had the opportunity to be directly involved in
efforts to promote "sustainable agriculture" in the United States. Since 1987, I
have served on the Advisory Board for the Leopold Center for Sustainable
Agriculture located at Iowa State University, one of the leading land grant
agricultural research institutions in the United States. During that time, the
Leopold Center has awarded over $ 15 million in funds to support research,
education, and promotion of sustainable agriculture. I have also served on two
committees for the Board of Agriculture of the National Academy of Sciences
addressing issues of sustainability. In 1992, the Committee on Long Range Soil
and Water Conservation Policy published Soil and Water Quality: An Agenda for
American Agriculture.  n1 The ideas proposed in that book, such as using a
watershed approach to address water quality issues and the promotion of field
buffer strips to  [*424]  reduce water pollution, have in recent years been
accepted as central features of American agricultural environmental policy.
Early in 1998, the Committee on Prospects and Opportunities for Sustainable
Management of America's Nonfederal Forests published Forested Landscapes in
Perspective.  n2 Over the last several years, I have written several law review
and journal articles addressing aspects of sustainable agriculture.  n3


   I write this Essay from that experience, with the goal of sharing reflections
on the important role which law and policy will play in promoting the
development of truly sustainable agricultural systems. Sustainable agriculture
is one of the most important developments in American agriculture in the last
half century. It has the potential to be a unifying concept that can provide the
basis for addressing both the environmental and the social needs of agriculture
in countries throughout the world. For that reason, I commend the organizers of
this Congress  n4 on selecting the issue of sustainable development as a theme
for consideration. It will be impossible for any nation or the world to progress
far on the path toward sustainable development if it does not examine
agriculture. Sustainability must start from the ground up and agriculture is the
place to begin. If food production systems and our relation to the natural
resources we use to raise food are not grounded on the principles of
sustainability, our future is in doubt.


   II. Defining the Principles of Sustainable Agriculture


   The first and perhaps most important step in promoting sustainable
agriculture is to develop a common, understandable definition of the term. By
[*425]  doing so, the goals and objectives sought to be furthered by research
and education efforts, as well as by law and policy, will become clearer. In the
United States' experience, the process of defining sustainable agriculture was a
long and sometimes acrimonious process. This was due in part to the fact that
many people and institutions in agriculture originally viewed promotion of
"sustainability" as a threat to their positions or markets. These fears over
what sustainability might mean have largely disappeared and have been replaced
by an increased acceptance of sustainability as a basis to measure both farming
practices and agricultural policies.


   Sustainable agriculture is defined in various ways, but in its simplest form,
it means developing agricultural practices which protect the environment while
preserving the economic profitability of farmers.  n5 The basis of the concept
is that no agricultural system can be successful in either the short or long
term unless it is designed to sustain the resources necessary for its operation.
n6 These resources include both physical resources, of soil, air, and water, and
also human and social resources of farm families, rural communities, and the
economic structure necessary for an agrarian system to function. By focusing on
how decisions affect the "sustainability" of agriculture, policies can be made
which incorporate a concern for the environment. More importantly, by combining
a concern for the environment with attention to the economics of farming,
sustainable agriculture offers a way to harness producers' natural concerns for
the profitability of their operations.


   One statutory definition of "sustainable agriculture" can be found in Iowa
Code

    266.39, which authorizes the Leopold Center, and that section defines the
term as: "the appropriate use of crop and livestock systems and agricultural
inputs supporting those activities which maintain economic and social viability
while preserving the high productivity and quality of Iowa's land."  n7


   For the last ten years, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
has funded research specifically aimed at these issues under the Sustainable
Agriculture Research and Education (SARE) program. United States federal law
defines sustainable agriculture as follows:


   [A]n integrated system of plant and animal production practices having a
site- specific application that will, over the long-term-


   (A) satisfy human food and fiber needs;


   (B) enhance environmental quality and the natural resource base upon which
the agriculture economy depends;

     [*426]

   (C) make the most efficient use of nonrenewable resources and on-farm
resources and integrate, where appropriate, natural biological cycles and
controls;


   (D) sustain the economic viability of farm operations; and


   (E) enhance the quality of life for farmers and society as a whole . . . .
n8


   III. To What Degree Is American Agriculture Meeting the Goal of
Sustainability?


   Opinions are mixed on whether American agriculture is making progress on
being more sustainable. Many commentators will tell you that we can do much
more, which is true. But many parts of American agriculture are doing a much
better job today than ten years ago. A combination of the federal soil
conservation laws, public concern for environmental protection, and research and
education on sustainable agriculture has led to many improvements. Farmers are
adopting soil conservation practices and are considering alternatives for
improving soil fertility and controlling pests. In that regard, the impact of
public policies such as conservation compliance and efforts to fund sustainable
agricultural research, such as the Leopold Center, have had an important impact.


   In my home state of Iowa, the results from sustainable agriculture research
on issues, such as how to reduce water pollution from the overuse of nitrogen
fertilizer, are clear. For example, the average rates of nitrogen fertilizer
used per acre in Iowa have dropped significantly in recent years without
lowering crop yields. One effect is that Iowa farmers are saving millions of
dollars in reduced fertilizer costs while also reducing the potential for excess
nitrates to enter water supplies. Another effect is that if the environmental
problems that bring attention to agriculture subside, such as public concerns
for water pollution, then there should be less need to enact regulatory
approaches that may increase the costs and restrict the freedom of choice
available to farmers.


   By merging economics and environmental stewardship, sustainable agriculture
holds great potential for the United States and other nations. First, it may
offer a way to reduce tensions between the environmental community and the farm
sector, and it can help preserve consumer confidence in the quality of our food.
In addition, it may provide a basis for justifying continued and even increased
public funding of agricultural programs, such as expanded efforts to control
water pollution and conserve soil. If farmers adopt practices to protect the
environment, the negative environmental effects creating public pressure to
regulate agriculture may decline. Law and policy will play an important role in
helping any nation develop and promote sustainable agricultural systems.
Identifying the legal tools and programs that will give life to sustainable
practices is one important  [*427]  challenge. Equally important are efforts to
identify the legal and institutional barriers, such as farm tenancy practices or
agricultural lending attitudes, that might promote practices which negatively
impact the environment and hamper the development of sustainable systems.


   IV. Lessons to Be Drawn from the U.S. Experience with Sustainable Agriculture


   Perhaps the most important insights that can be drawn from the American
experience are the following ideas on how to most effectively develop and
promote sustainable agriculture principles. First, it is important to develop
commonly understood and accepted definitions of what is meant by "sustainable"
agriculture. The role of definitions is essential, not just in helping clarify
the goals to be promoted and in gaining support for the efforts, but also in
trying to develop mechanisms to measure the effectiveness of any programs
adopted.


   Second, we must recognize that the communities affected by "sustainable"
agriculture are much broader than just the farming sector. Many groups and
institutions have an interest in and influence over agricultural policy. The
research and education sector, farm groups, input suppliers, farm lenders, and
landowners are among the important groups impacted by the type of agricultural
policies in place. They are also important players in the successful promotion
of any policy. These groups can either be allies in promoting sustainability or
barriers to its adoption. The ability to gain their involvement is partially a
function of whether they perceive that a shift to sustainable practices might
threaten them. One important development within agriculture that magnifies the
role played by these groups is the increased reliance by farmers and landowners
on paid consultants to perform certain farming practices. For example, it is
increasingly common for farmers to hire agricultural business, perhaps their own
cooperatives, to apply pesticides and fertilizers. Crop consultants are commonly
hired to conduct field surveys to determine when pest problems require
treatment. The increased use of outside expertise, not necessarily from public
agencies such as the USDA's Cooperative Extension Service,  n9 is a factor that
will determine how well any alternative farming practices identified by
sustainable research are adopted.


   Third, we must appreciate the fundamental role of education and research in
providing the basis for sustainable agriculture. The concept of sustainability
is an attractive ideal, but it will remain only an ideal unless actual practices
and policies are developed to help implement sustainability in the fields.
Farmers will not change how they produce crops in order to protect the
environment unless they have knowledge and information about how the new
practices will work and the  [*428]  effect these practices will have on their
productivity and profitability. The ability to marry the twin concerns of
respect for the environment and recognition of the need for profitability if any
economic system to survive is one of the essential features of sustainable
agriculture. That is why funding for research and education is fundamental to
the efforts to adopt sustainable farming practices. A good example is the need
to improve the testing and application of livestock wastes so that producers can
take credit for the nutrients when making later fertilizer applications.


   Fourth, it is important to identify the legal and institutional biases that
influence agricultural practices. One basic theme of sustainable agriculture is
to promote adoption of farming practices which have fewer adverse impacts on the
natural environment. Developing alternative practices that can be adopted is an
important step in this process, as is developing better awareness and acceptance
of the negative impacts common farming practices may cause. However, it is
important to recognize that the availability of an alternative and the awareness
of the current problems will not always lead to a change in how farming is
carried out. There are a variety of other influences that help determine how and
why agriculture functions. These influences include: the impact of land tenure
practices, such as short-term leases that lock producers into exploitive land
practices; the lending practices of agricultural financiers that may hinder the
adoption of alternative methods of production or crop diversification; the
attitudes of farmland owners who may desire a short-term maximization of returns
rather than longer term stewardship of the land; and governmental programs that
may encourage production of certain crops rather than more balanced systems. One
of the key challenges in developing a more sustainable agriculture is for
agricultural lawyers and policymakers to identify and work to reduce the impact
these legal and institutional barriers may present.


   Fifth, we must include within promotion of sustainable agriculture
consideration for social and human needs. While most work in sustainable
agriculture has been agronomic, it is important to recognize the important link
between the economic and social structure of agriculture and developing
sustainable agricultural systems. For any agricultural production system to be
sustainable, it cannot just deal with soil and water or price and income. The
system must also consider the farmers, their families, and the rural communities
that make up the cultural structure of an agrarian system. If an agricultural
system is to thrive, people must be in the equation because they are the actors
to whom the knowledge and advice of the research community is directed. It is
the farmers and their families who care about preserving the quality of the land
they farm and who want to build an economically viable operation through which
to accumulate wealth and acquire the financial resources necessary to live. It
is the people in an agricultural system who act as the transfer agents for
knowledge and wisdom across generations. For these reasons, most definitions of
"sustainable agriculture"  [*429]  include references to either people or the
social structure of agriculture. The Iowa definition of "sustainable agriculture
" refers to "social viability" and "appropriate use"; both clear mandates to
include a structural component in discussions of sustainability.  n10 However,
for many reasons, university and public research efforts find it difficult to
address these cultural components. Perhaps the most significant obstacle to
including questions of structure and social policy in sustainable agriculture
research is that it is impossible to address the issue without encountering
difficult "political" issues that are controversial in the agricultural
community.


   Sixth, it is important to accept the need for evolution and flexibility in
public programs promoting sustainable agriculture. One of the central lessons of
recent years in the United States is a recognition that as the public acceptance
of the importance of promoting sustainable agriculture grows, the publicly
funded programs designed to do so will evolve. Much of the effort in the United
States to limit the impact of agriculture on the environment involves paying
farmers to promote soil conservation and limit water pollution. Programs such as
the popular Conservation Reserve Program (CRP), which uses ten-year contracts to
retire erodible land from production,  n11 and the Wetland Reserve Program
(WRP), which buys permanent conservation easements from farmers who restore
wetlands on formerly drained fields,  n12 are good examples of how sustainable
agriculture is being promoted at the farm level. While these programs may not be
specifically promoted as "sustainable agriculture," the direct effect of the
efforts clearly is to improve farming practices and protect environmental
resources. Over the last ten years, the CRP has evolved to become more focused
on environmental protection. The WRP was first developed in 1990 as a way to
achieve more permanent restoration of valuable wetlands. It represents the first
nationwide effort by the federal government to use conservation easements, which
involve the public purchase of property rights on farmlands, to promote
conservation. Both programs are proving to be popular with farmers and
successful at protecting water quality.


   Seventh, we must also recognize the role of natural systems as the foundation
for promoting sustainable agriculture. When reduced to its essence, sustainable
agriculture may simply mean developing farming systems that are more in harmony
with nature than the conventional practices they replace. The idea of
recognizing and working with natural systems was a fundamental principle in the
writings of Aldo Leopold, whose book A Sand County Almanac and essay The Land
Ethic have greatly influenced public officials responsible for promoting
sustainable agriculture in the United States. The wisdom of using natural
systems as a way to improve  [*430]  agriculture is being increasingly
recognized and integrated into American conservation and agricultural policies.
A prime example is the value of using a watershed approach to address water
quality. While political jurisdictions may draw lines on the map, these often do
not fitthe manner in which water moves and is used. Using natural watersheds to
create the legal jurisdictions necessary to effectively address water quality
protection issues can help promote sustainability. Similar efforts are seen in
the value of restoring wetlands, the need to preserve unique and prime
farmlands, the treatment of groundwater and surface water supplies as
interconnected, and using field buffer strips to improve water quality.


   Eighth, using the food system concept is one way to make "sustainable
agriculture" important to consumers. Today, we see increasing references to the
term "food system" in discussion of the operation of America's agricultural
sector. The term is somewhat similar to "sustainable agriculture" in that it is
new and perhaps not widely understood and appreciated. Ten years ago, it was a
term rarely heard and, like sustainable agriculture, it does not have a fixed
definition, but instead reflects the values participants bring to the discussion
as well as the context of its use. The main objective of employing a food
systems approach to consider agricultural issues is to recognize that
agricultural production is only one part of a larger process, which encompasses
an array of economic activities and policy considerations. By viewing farming
and agriculture as only parts of a multi-faceted food system, broader public
questions and the connections between "farming" and these other issues can be
made clearer. Questions relating to opportunities for local food production,
food access for the poor and hunger assistance, farmland protection, the public
understanding of agriculture, and promotion of alternative markets are all
included within a broadened "food system" focus. Employing a "food systems"
model can build on the linkages that exist in the local economy and political
system. It can also help local officials ask questions that might otherwise go
unasked, such as what are the opportunities for increasing local production of
food, should public institutions purchase more food locally, and how do land use
policies affect the long-term protection of farming? Employing the food system
as a method of inquiry is a natural evolution of our attention to sustainable
agriculture.


   V. Conclusion: How the Law Can Be Used to Promote Sustainable Agriculture


   Let me conclude by summarizing several of the important opportunities that
exist for agricultural lawyers and policymakers to promote sustainable
agriculture. First, the concept of sustainability is not a separate item in
agricultural policy debates over issues such as price, income support, and
international trade. Instead, sustainability should be the organizing theme upon
which policies are based and the standard against which their performance is
measured. Second, efforts to promote  [*431]  sustainable agriculture will be
largely dependent on information and research. If farmers can be shown
alternative methods that protect the environment, as well as the economic
viability of their operations, they will adopt them. It is vital that a
significant increase in funding be provided for research on sustainable
practices. Third, as part of the attention to sustainability, it is essential to
incorporate the social and human issues relating to the structure of agriculture
. The current drive toward industrialization of American agriculture, especially
in livestock production, may threaten much of the present structure of
agriculture that will be necessary to achieve sustainability. Of all the
contradictions in American attitudes and policies toward agriculture, the most
threatening may be the divergence between the traditional structure of
agriculture, which is best suited by attitude and ability to protect the
environment, and the structure we are putting in place through
industrialization. The issue is whether the agriculture we are building can
yield the harvest we desire.


   Finally, an important force shaping American agricultural policy and the
policies of all nations is the international dimension. The recent GATT accord
on agriculture and the development of the World Trade Organization (WTO) have
brought about significant changes in federal farm programs in the United States.
While there are differences of opinion as to its impact, the GATT agricultural
agreement clearly provides the authority and opportunity for countries to
develop and fund conservation and environmental programs for agriculture.  n13
Whether the WTO will operate so as to support the promotion of sustainable
agriculture or give dominance to promoting the economic values of increased
trade at the expense of the environment is still to be determined. The recent
decision against American efforts to protect endangered species of sea turtles
during shrimp harvesting raises serious doubts about the sensitivity of the WTO
process to environmental concerns. In the United States, existing farm programs
are now the primary force for the "delivery" of soil and water quality
protections. We face a critical challenge in determining how these goals will be
achieved in the future if the current programs are dismantled, as scheduled for
2002.


   There is no reason to expect public demands for environmental stewardship
will disappear just because federal farm programs disappear. If farm programs do
not exist, the public demand for environmental protection may most likely find
expression in regulatory approaches to protect soil and water. If we miss this
opportunity to take the money now used for price and income supports and convert
it into internationally acceptable environmental and conservation programs,
American agriculture will have missed the opportunity to make a rightful claim
for public support to protect the environment. We, as a nation, will also have
missed an important opportunity to promote sustainable agriculture.



Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Environmental LawNatural Resources & Public LandsWetlands
ManagementGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodPest & Disease
ControlGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProduct Quality

FOOTNOTES:




n1  Committee on Long Range Soil & Water Conservation Pol'y, Soil and Water
Quality: An Agenda for American Agriculture (1992).




n2  Committee on Prospects & Opportunities for Sustainable Mgmt. of America's
Nonfederal Forests, Forested Landscapes in Perspective (1998).




n3  A number of the ideas and themes reflected in this Essay are drawn from
these earlier writings. The names and citations of these articles are: Greening
Our Garden: Public Policies to Support the New Agriculture, 2 Drake J. Agric. L.
357 (1997); Plowing New Ground: Emerging Policy Issues in a Changing Agriculture
, 2 Drake J. Agric. L. 181 (1997); Reaping What We Have Sown: Public Policy
Consequences of Agricultural Industrialization and the Legal Implications of a
Changing Production System, 45 Drake L. Rev. 289 (1997); Essay: Agriculture
Production and Environmental Policy: How Should Producers Respond?, 1 Drake J.
Agric. L. 141 (1996); Tending the Seeds: The Emergence of a New Agriculture in
the United States, 1 Drake J. Agric. L. 7 (1996); Agriculture Without Farmers?
Is Industrialization Restructuring American Food Production and Threatening the
Future of Sustainable Agriculture?, 14 N. Ill. U. L. Rev. 613 (1994); The Role
of Law in Promoting Sustainable Agriculture, 1 J. Sustainable Agric. 111 (1990);
Sustainable Agriculture: The Role of the Attorney, 20 Envtl. L. Rep. [Envtl. L.
Inst.] 10,021 (1990); Adjusting Farm Tenancy Practices to Support Sustainable
Agriculture, 12 J. Agric. Tax'n & L. 226 (1990); and Book Review: Exploring the
Roots of Sustainable Agriculture, 1 J. Sustainable Agric. 107 (1990).




n4  The UMAU 5th World Congress on Agrarian Law was held May 19-21, 1998, in
Porto Alegre, Brazil.




n5  See Neil D. Hamilton, Feeding Our Future: Six Philosophical Issues Shaping
Agricultural Law, 72 Neb. L. Rev. 210, 239 (1993).




n6  See generally Neil D. Hamilton, Sustainable Agriculture: The Role of the
Attorney, 20 Envtl. L. Rep. 10021 (1990) (discussing the developments and impact
of sustainable agriculture).




n7  Iowa Code 266.39(1) (1997).




n8  7 U.S.C.  3103(17) (1994).




n9  These are informal education programs conducted in the United States in
cooperation with the USDA. See id.  3103(7).




n10  Iowa Code 266.39 (1997).




n11  See Dollars for Wildlife in the Wetlands Reserve P r o g r a m ( v i s i t
e d N o v . 5 , 1 9 9 8 ) <http.//ngp.ngpc.state.ne.us/wildlife/wrp.html>.




n12  See Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) (visited Nov. 5, 1998)
<http://www.ftc.nres.usda.gov/doc/nri/27.html>.





n13  See Agreement on Agriculture, Apr. 15, 1994, art. 21(12)(i), WTO Agreement,
Annex 3 (visited Nov. 5, 1998) <http://www.wto.org/wto/legal/14-ag.wp5>.



                              73 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Farmer-friendly policies needed to boost agriculture sector: Senators

SECTION: Vol. 27 No. 274

LENGTH: 771  words


Senators on Monday urged to take appropriate steps at all levels to boost
country's agriculture sector and making farmers' friendly policies to attain
maximum agriculture yield. They were participating in the discussion in the
Upper House on "Multiple problems being faced by agriculture sector in the
country." PPP's Senator Taj Haider moved the motion to discuss the matter in the
House. Participating in the discussion, Senator Taj Haider said that there
should be proper policies for agriculture sector as local farmers were facing
several problems. He said that progress in the agriculture was not possible
without giving benefits to farmers.

He said all options should be considered to improve the agriculture sector.
There was a need of land reforms in the country, he added. Senator Mohsin
Leghari said that input cost in agriculture was high in the country which needs
to be reviewed. He added due to this situation, farmers were facing hardships.
He said that credit availability for farmers should be improved to get better
inputs besides taking others steps to encourage farmers. Senator Lt Gen Abdul
Qayum urged for food availability, accessibility of food and utilization and
sustainability of food production in the country. He said that water resources
should be improved and water wastage be avoided in the country.

He said that in this new era, agriculture was still being considered as backbone
of economy of any country. He urged to guide the provinces so that they had
maximum water and other resources to boost agriculture sector. Senator Usman
Kakar said land reforms were must to develop agriculture sector. He added
relevant laws related with agriculture sector needed to be changed and made more
farmers' friendly. He said that subsidy should be given even on diesel to
facilitate the farmers. He said maximum production could be achieved with
innovative steps besides focusing on research activities.

He said that mark-up on bank credit for agriculture sector should be reduced so
that the relevant people could avail that facility and use the amount for
boosting agriculture sector. He said that efforts should be made in search of
international market for sale of locally produced fruits and vegetables. He
added training should be arranged for local farmers while there should be no
load shedding for agriculture sector. Senator Janahzeb Jamaldeni said that
agriculture was the backbone of country's economy which should be the main focus
of policies. He added for agriculture development in Balochistan province,
concrete steps were required at all level. He said there was no system of water
reservation in Balochistan and urged to build more dams to store water for its
proper utilization. He said that farmers' friendly policies should be made
particularly for Balochistan province.

Senator Mir Kabeer said that canal system was better in all provinces except
Balochistan province which should be improved. He said due to unavailability of
canal system in the province, local farmers were facing various difficulties. He
said that due to that situation, the rural population was gradually shifting to
urban areas to earn for their family. He said with proper farmers' friendly
policies, the local agriculture sector could be developed.

Senator Kalsoom Parveen said that nine districts of Balochistan had good
production of olive oil, which had great demand in the Middle East. She said
Pakistan Agriculture Research Council (PARC) should consider this aspect and
make plans in this regard. Senator Mohsin Nazeer said that ingredients which
were essential for boosting agriculture sector including availability of credit
for farmers, research on using quality seeds and encouraging farmers to use
scientific way of farming to attain maximum production. Senator Ilyas Balour
said that more dams were the need of the hour for improving water storage
capacity. He said that concrete policies should be made for improvement of
agriculture sector.

Senator M Hamza said availability of water was must in agriculture sector. He
said canal system was there but there was a need to further improve this system
to ensure providing water to extreme end. He said that such policies should be
initiated which were farmers' friendly to get better results from them. Senator
Rehman Malik said steps should be taken to get maximum agriculture yield. He
suggested that public-private sector partnership should be encouraged in
Balochistan province to boost agriculture sector there. He said that policies
should be made to stop water wastages in Balochistan and other provinces to give
better future to next generation.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

'Agriculture experts should come up with viable policy solutions'

SECTION: Vol. 52 No. 251

LENGTH: 688  words


Punjab Agriculture Secretary Muhammad Mahmood has said that agricultural
researchers should come up with viable policy solutions to different problems
facing the agriculture sector in order to make agriculture profitable. He was
addressing at a joint meeting of Steering Committee and Council for Research and
Policy at University of Agriculture Faisalabad Syndicate room.

The meeting was organized by US-Pakistan Center for Advanced Studies (USPCAS),
Agriculture and Food Security, UAF. The meeting was co-chaired by Former speaker
National Assembly Syed Fakhar Imam whereas University of Agriculture Faisalabad
Vice Chancellor Professor Dr Iqrar Ahmad Khan also addressed the meeting. The
Secretary said that the agriculture sector was facing numerous problems
including low productivity, water scarcity, soil, decreasing agriculture land,
marketing issue and others. He said that the country was blessed with the
fertile land, eco system but we could not reap the fruits from its potential. He
said that government was making all out efforts to address the problems of the
farming community. He was of view that awareness must be created among the
farming community about the modern agro-based technologies.

Lauding the steps being taken on the part of UAF and USPCAS, he stressed upon
the need to create collaboration between the Agriculture Department and USPCAS
that will help improve the efficiency of agriculture department.

Former Speaker National Assembly Syed Fakhar Imam called for joint efforts to
address the problems of agricultural sector including water irrigation and
quality of agriculture components as soil and seed. He said that major
components for a successful agriculture include farmer land, labor, technology
and water. He said that California faced drought for five year but they had
developed the strategies to face the situation.

He stressed upon the irrigation policy to fight the water scarcity issues. He
stressed upon the need to diversification in agriculture as 70 percent of the
countries land is covered by three major crops wheat, rice and cotton. He said
countries' agriculture needs a new paradigm in which water, soil and seed must
be promoted.

Vice Chancellor UAF, Professor Dr Iqrar Ahmad Khan said that to improve the
agriculture sector we must train the farmers and there should be knowledge-based
agriculture in which the focus must be on rural poverty of farmers. He said that
water, energy and food security must be developed in which production,
processing, storage and distribution be promoted.

He showed his concern that a farmer son does not want to become a farmer due to
low profit, market issues etc.

He assured that the policy will steer the farmers out of the poverty by reducing
the cost production and creating a knowledge corridor through small institutions
to help farmers. He said that they have launched three new degree programs seed
science, climate change and human nutrition. He said that the under the USPCAS,
five chairs including policy and outreach research was set up that will help
address the policy issue. He said that commissioned research was being carried
out here for the development of agricultural sector.

Vice Chancellor, Lasbaila University of Agriculture, Water and Marine Sciences,
Baluchistan Dr Dost Muhammad Baloch said that there should be training courses
for farmers, growers, live-stock and other agriculture related courses for
farmer. Chairman Horticulture Board of Pakistan and Ex-Minister of Agriculture,
Sindh Hassan Ali Chaniho called for a platform where people from provinces,
universities and farmers listen to each other problems and bring up solutions.

Progressive Farmer Syed Faisal Hassan said that agriculture sector is facing
seed issues due to which there is a massive difference of growth of Pakistan and
other countries. He said that farmers must be respected by which agriculture
will be developed.

USPCAS Chief of Party Dr Bashir Ahmad , US scientist Dr Nancy, Registrar
Muhammad Hussain, treasurer Umer Saeed, Stakeholders Noshaba and Nasim also
spoke at the meeting. All deans, directors, UAF also took part in the meeting.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

UPCAR have no authorities: Kumar

LENGTH: 580 words

DATELINE: Lucknow


Lucknow, Oct. 16 -- UP Council of agriculture research (UPCAR) has slammed the
IAS led bureaucracy and the state government for its continued indifference and
inordinate delay in approving the "UP state agriculture universities bill 2014"
which aims to promote training extension programme and research in agriculture
sector. UPCAR, the apex body for coordinating the research and development among
various state agriculture universities and also funding the development
activities organized a day long brainstorming session on the new draft of the
"State agriculture universities bill 2014'' here on Thursday.

Addressing the media after the session director general of UPCAR Dr Rajendra
Kumar said: "We are a toothless organization with huge responsibilities but no
authority to execute the work. If some university or the agriculture college
funded by us we can only refer the matter to the state government which in turn
never takes any action''.

"A cursory analysis of the work done by the vice chancellors reveals that the
career of the agriculture scientists is ruined even for small lapses while the
bureaucrats goes scot free even after committing lapses of monumental scale. A
bureaucrats takes important decisions in a closed room and they are endorsed at
every level of the government even if they are not in the interest of the people
and actually end up in harming the interest of the state'', said Dr Rajendra
Kumar.

Lamenting the indifference of the bureaucracy towards the draft bill, the DG
said: "The first draft of the bill was drafted as per the recommendation of Dr
Saroja Raman committee report and sent to the state government in 19956, the
government decided to review the bill and set up one more committee. Another
committee was set up by the government in 2010 and a revised Rsdraft bill' was
sent to the government which returned the draft bill''.

"In 2013 the Agriculture production commissioner set up high level task force to
draft fresh bill. Fresh bill was vetted by the Indian council of agriculture
research, Agriculture Science congress and all the vice chancellors of state
agriculture universities and sent to the state government in October 2014. The
principal secretary of the agriculture department is not willing to cede its
powers to the agriculture scientists and adamant on maintaining the dominance of
the bureaucracy on agriculture education and research. The fate of the bill is
still hanging in balance'', said the DG UPCAR.

He said the present law "UP state agriculture and technology university act 1958
is 58 years old and most of its provision have turned archaic and needs
immediate revision to make it relevant as the technology at all level of
agriculture and farming has undergone a sea change. He said the Rsdraft bill'
pending with the state government, if Legislated will go a long way in improving
the education standards in state agriculture universities and colleges and also
give a boost to the agriculture research. Presently there are 4 agriculture
universities in the state-Kanpur, Meerut, Faizadab and banda and one deemed
university at Allahabad, one veterinary collage at Mathura, 37 agriculture
colleges affiliated with non agriculture state universities and 14 institutions
run by the Indian council of agriculture research.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          ASSOCHAM Studies and Surveys

                                January 15, 2015

Govt. approves Rs 568 cr. to issue Soil Health Cards in next three yrs:
Agriculture Minister, Radha Mohan Singh

LENGTH: 930  words


The present government has released Rs. 568 crore to provide Soil Health Cards
(SHC) to over 14 crores farmers in the next three years, said the Union
Agriculture Minister, Mr. Radha Mohan Singh at an ASSOCHAM event held in New
Delhi today.

"To expand water and land resources for agriculture in the country, over 14
crore farmers will be having their own soil health cards in the next three
years", said, Mr. Radha Mohan Singh while inaugurating '7th Agricultural Summit'
organised by The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India
(ASSOCHAM).

He urged students and scientist faternity from agriculture to create awareness
among farmers of at least one village of their hometown about various
initiatives in agriculture with the theme of "Mera Gaon, Mera Gaurav". He also
mentioned that there are approximately 20,000 scientist and 50,000 students from
agriculture, who are graduate or PhD's of agriculture.

He also underlined the importance of fundamentals of agricultural growth for the
development of country as he mentioned improved soil health, high productive
seeds, and modern agriculture practices, effective irrigation facilities, water
to every agricultural land, apt marketing facility for agricultural produce are
essential points for development of agriculture as a whole.

Mentioning about Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana, Mr. Singh said that the
programme will play a vital role in bringing water to every agricultural land in
the country. He added that Soil Health Card (SHC) provided to farmers will be a
tool to identify the nutritional requirement of the soil and apt laboratory
analysis for increasing the agriculture production and productivity. He
emphasized about organic fertilizer and traditional farming practices during his
discussion.

He further said, the next Green Revolution is possible in 7 North states. For
north and east states, the traditional farming will be encouraged and the
government has already released Rs. 100 crores to boost it.

This year, the government and the agriculture sector have faced many challenges
like rainfall which was almost 13% less this time and many more, said Mr. Singh.

He said that with the setting up of the price stabilization fund, farmers will
be able to get remunerative prices for their agriculture products. Mr. Singh
pointed about e-Marketing of agriculture products especially horticulture
produce like lichi, mango, gauva and emphasised that horticulture, dairy and
fishery has potential to generate huge employment for farmers, especially youth.

He also mentioned that government has made initiatives for development of Animal
Husbandry, Dairy and Fisheries sector. He said the indigenous cows have a high
tolerance towards the climate change and breeding of indigenous cows is
essential for long term perspective of growth and productivity in agriculture
output. He also mentioned that there is a need for adopting scientific attitude
towards agriculture production to achieve the goal of higher growth in
agriculture as a whole.

Mr Mohanbhai Kalyanjibhai Kundariya, Minister of State, Ministry of Agriculture
also said, agriculture has always been the backbone of the Indian economy. Even
though the share of agriculture and allied sector in gross domestic product
(GDP) has declined to 15.2% during the eleventh plan and further to n13.9% in
2013-14, it still accounts for about 54.6% of total employment. The development
in agriculture is an essential condition for the development of national
economy.

Mr. Kundariya further added, the estimated food requirement in India and total
production of major crops indicate that to keep pace with the present population
growth and consumption pattern, agriculture production in India has to be
increased substantially. Government of India is committed to sustaining a growth
of 4% in agriculture technology driven second green revolution with focus on
higher productivity would help in achieving the projected agriculture growth of
4% and beyond.

Efforts need to be taken to make farming competitive and profitable. To achieve
this objective, there is an urgent need to step up investment, both public and
private, in agro-technology development and create and modernize existing
agri-business infrastructure, said Mr. Kundariya.

Mr. Rana Kapoor, MD & CEO, YES BANK, President, ASSOCHAM said, "Despite
satisfactory production levels achieved in the last few years, the agriculture
sector faces several challenges in further enhancing yield levels, reducing
wastages, developing infrastructure and efficiently managing the agri value
chain. These can be addressed through appropriate and sustainable practices and
technologies, rationalized subsidy regime, enabling policy initiatives,
innovative organizational structures, adequate infrastructure development and
farm-focused R&D, thereby ensuring overall food and nutritional security for the
nation."

Mr Anil B. Jain, Chairman, Agriculture & Food Security Council said, about 8
percent growth in agriculture is needed and feasible and if achieved will result
in prosperous rural India and much stronger in India. Need to ensure progress on
following initiatives like soil conditioning, right fertilizers, nutrients
irrigation, water use efficiency irrigation, waste water treatment,
biotechnology, better seeds and planting materials, precision agriculture etc.

Others who also spoke during the conference were Mr Narendra Singh, Hon'ble
Minister of Agriculture, Government of Bihar , Mr Dinesh Kumar Jain, Additional
Secretary, Ministry of Agriculture and Mr D.S. Rawat, Secretary General,
ASSOCHAM.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


              Copyright 2015 ASSOCHAM, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                      January 17, 2017 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Radha Mohan Singh to lead delegation to Germany for participation in Global
forum for Food & Agriculture and G-20 agriculture ministers meeting

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 220  words


New Delhi, Jan 17 (IBNS): Union Minister of Agriculture & Farmers Welfare, Shri
Radha Mohan Singh to lead a five member delegation to Germany for participation
in the Global Forum for Food & Agriculture from Jan 19-21 and G-20 Agriculture
Ministers Meeting on Jan 22 in Berlin, Germany.

Singh will depart for Berlin, Germany in the late night of Jan 18. The Global
Forum for Food and Agriculture is an International Conference organized by
Germany during Jan 19-21 in Berlin on the subject Agriculture and Water Key to
Feeding the World which is to be attended by Agriculture Ministers of 65
countries. G-20 Agriculture Ministers meeting, scheduled for Jan 22, 2017 would
focus on the theme of Agriculture Water - Digitalization in the Agriculture
Sector and bring together Ministers from the worlds twenty biggest economies to
discuss the way ahead for the global agricultural sector. During the visit, the
Agriculture Farmers Welfare Minister will address the participants of the 9th
Berlin Agriculture Ministers Conference under the aegis of GFFA as well as the
G-20 Agriculture Ministers meeting. The Minister will also deliver the inaugural
address at the Expert Panel convened as part of the GFFA meeting, apart from
bilateral meetings with his counterparts from other countries including Germany,
Mexico and Lithuania.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2017 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                              July 24, 2016 Sunday

Dantewada's Agri Science Centre bags National Award

LENGTH: 382 words

DATELINE: India


India, July 24 -- The Agriculture Science Centre located in insurgency-infested
Dantewada district of Bastar has bagged the National Award for the 'Best
Agriculture Science Centre' in the entire country, officials informed.

Chief Minister Raman Singh and Agriculture Minister Brijmohan Agrawal on
Saturday congratulated the agriculture scientists and officers and employees of
the Agriculture Science Centres of insurgency -infested Dantewada and also
Kanker district for bagging the national-level prestigious awards.

Meanwhile, Kanker district's Agriculture Science Centre has been awarded the
'Atal National Agriculture Encouragement Award'. Agriculture Minister Brijmohan
Agrawal met Indira Gandhi Agriculture University (IGAU) Vice-Chancellor Dr S K
Patil and representatives of the two Agriculture Science Centres and informed
them and congratulated the officials on this spectacular developments.

The Minister said that efforts put in by the authorities are bearing fruits in
the form of awards. The farmers are benefitting with the research work done by
IGAU scientists.

There is a craving for development in the region. All the districts in Bastar
region will race ahead in agriculture in the years ahead.

Dantewada will become a role model in the entire country in the field of organic
farming. Most of the farmers in Bastar area do traditional farming which is
similar to organic farming, he said.

Scientists of Agriculture Science Centre in Dantewada said that farmers are
being guided in community farming. The Agriculture Centre had provided immense
contribution in the field of organic farming.

Apart from organic farming, the farmers are into setting up mushroom and 'Span'
fish production units, and cultivating minor paddy crop.

Union Agriculture Minister Radhamohan Singh had handed over the award for Best
Performing Agriculture Science Centre of Dantewada in New Delhi last week.

Kanker district's Agriculture Science Centre has bagged the Atal National
Agriculture Encouragement Award for adopting high-quality farming methods in
paddy production and pulses besides oil seeds production.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             August 16, 2015 Sunday

What's in a name? Ask ministry of agriculture

BYLINE: Banikinkar Pattanayak

LENGTH: 447  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


WHAT'S IN a name? A lot. At least, that's what successive governments at the
Centre seem to suggest. Henceforth, the ministry of agriculture will be called
the ministry of agriculture & farmers' welfare, PM Narendra Modi
(http://www.financialexpress.com/tag/narendra-modi/) declared on Saturday in his
Independence Day speech, adding the well-being of peasants was as important as
the growth of agriculture.

The state of Indian agriculture has undergone a sea change since independence,
and so has its most visible face in the national capital - the 68-year-old
ministry of agriculture in Krishi Bhavan. However, the changes to the latter
have mostly been in its names, as per the convenience of the ruling
dispensation, political equations and, of course, the ease of governance.

So while the Modi government isn't the first one to change the name of the
ministry since its formal christening as the ministry of agriculture in August
1947 from the erstwhile department of agriculture, but his would be the first
one since 1991 to do so.

Some analysts, however, view the name change as an attempt by the government to
be seen as pro-farmer rather than pro-rich, as the Opposition has tried to
portray it since the beginning. They say such an image makeover is essential,
especially when the government is trying to drum up support for its land
acquisition Bill (http://www.financialexpress.com/tag/land-acquisition-bill/).
Farmer leaders, meanwhile, expect more than just the name change to be
re-assured of the NDA government's intent on farmer welfare.

Since 1947, the name of the ministry has been changed to the ministry of food &
agriculture (1951), the ministry of food, agriculture, community development and
co-operation (1966), the ministry of agriculture (1971), the ministry of
agriculture and irrigation (1974), ministry of agriculture (1980), the ministry
of agriculture and rural re-construction (January 1985) and the ministry of
agriculture and rural development (September 1985).

In July 1991, the department of fertilisers was transferred from the ministry of
agriculture and rural development to the newly-established ministry of chemicals
and fertilisers, and the department of rural development was segregated to form
another ministry. So, the parent ministry was again named as the ministry of
agriculture having three departments: the department of agriculture &
co-operation, the department of agricultural research and education and the
department of animal husbandry and dairying. While the name of the ministry has
remained the same since 1991, its composition, just like in earlier decades, was
at times tweaked around to insert or part with certain departments.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                Governance, Risk & Compliance Monitor Worldwide

                           February 17, 2015 Tuesday

Agriculture e-governance scheme aims to empower farmers in Kashmir division

LENGTH: 215 words


Aimed to improve the access of farmers for receiving information and services
throughout the crop cycle,  Agriculture e-governance scheme was launched in
Kashmir Division with a view to further empower the farmers of the valley and
bring them closer to the state department's several other provisions.


A meeting of divisional level agriculture officers and chief agriculture
officers of department was held here on Monday under the chairmanship of
Director Agriculture Kashmir, Peerzada Mushtaq Ahmad Shah.
Addressing the meeting, Director of the Agriculture Department highlighted the
objective of the scheme.
The official said that the scheme is more effective management of schemes of
agriculture department besides promoting a common framework across districts,
state and centre.
The Director Agriculture issued the directions to the Chief Agriculture Officers
to identify space in their offices in their respective districts, which will be
connected to State Agriculture Portal and Central Agriculture Portal in the
first instance during the current year.
According to the official, the scheme will help in enabling farmers to have
access to the information regarding all agriculture schemes, package practices
and other activities related to the agriculture sector. 2015 Global Data Point.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2053


                        Copyright 2015 Global Data Point
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Study in failure

LENGTH: 1093 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, Oct. 20 -- Agriculture is still a dominant sector in Nepali economy as it
still contributes around 35 percent of our GDP. It also provides direct and
indirect employment to 70 percent of the population. One would thus think
agriculture would be given high priority; but that is far from the case.

The reality is that today 35 districts have food deficit throughout the year.
Even Tarai districts, long considered the country's bread baskets, are gradually
turning into food deficit areas. The import of food and agriculture-related
products are increasing alarmingly, making the nation a net importer of agro
products. Government data show agriculture comprises 18 percent of total import:
Nepal imported around Rs 127 billion worth of agriculture products last year.

Such heavy imports are a disgrace, especially for those working in agriculture
sector. Agro products now comprise the second most imported goods (after
petroleum); this, despite Nepal being an agricultural country. Every year agro
import is increasing by five to 10 percent. The import is not confined to any
particular product. Almost all agriculture commodities like rice, pulses,
soybean oil, vegetables, corns, and all fruits are imported.

Even today there is no concrete policy to address agriculture problems. Two
types of agriculture are practiced in the country: subsistence and commercial.
More than 80 percent of our agriculture is still subsistence-oriented, done for
hand-to-mouth purposes. Rest of the agriculture sector is moving towards
semi-commercial and commercial largely on its own. There was no clear policy
under the much-hyped Agriculture Perspective Plan (APP); although the new
Agriculture Development Strategy (ADS) is said to incorporate some guidelines
for commercial agriculture.

However, ADS has not been finalized and many experts, farmers and civil society
members fear that it will meet the same fate as APP as it has been prepared by
donors without consulting local stakeholders. Agriculture development cannot
take place in isolation. It calls for close coordination with many development
sectors like road, energy, irrigation and most importantly land management.
Without proper land management-particularly without sorting out issues like land
holding, land consolidation, land use and land classification-agriculture
productivity cannot be enhanced.

One of the major causes of food deficiency is that most of the fertile lands
have been appropriated by land mafias for construction purposes. As a result,
per capita land holding is almost a hectare in the Tarai and less than a hectare
in the hills and the mountains. This fragmentation continues in the absence of a
clear land use policy.

Each year we see farmers queue up for basic agriculture inputs like fertilizers,
seeds and harvest tools. Farmers of Nepal seldom get agriculture inputs on time.
In this case, how can we expect our production to meet domestic requirement,
much less export our produce abroad?

We do not have a single chemical fertilizer factory. There has also been a hue
and cry over greater chemical use in our fruits and vegetables, yet there has
been no policy-level intervention. A comprehensive program is required for
eco-friendly and sustainable agriculture. Some areas will have to be declared
organic farming areas where the use of synthetic fertilizers is prohibited.

The support system for Nepali farmers is non-existent. Farmers for instance
don't get any advice about the use of fertilizers, pesticides and other
agriculture practices.

Even the farmers in Kathmandu are unaware about proper use of pesticides. The
situation in the outskirts is a lot worse. It has recently been discovered that
banned pesticides like DDT, BHC and other synthetic chemicals were
indiscriminately used by farmers, causing serious damage to the health of both
people and environment.

Investment is vital for the growth of any sector, and the agro sector is no
exception. In many countries the budget is allocated on the basis of the
contribution of every sector to national economy. As mentioned above,
agricultural GDP contributes almost 35 percent in our total GDP, and yet
agriculture continues to be neglected. Private sector has of late started to
invest in agriculture, but these investments are very small. Recently, Nepal
Rastra Bank made it mandatory for all commercial banks to lend money to
agriculture sector under the deprived sector lending scheme. But big commercial
banks have been openly defying this directive.

It is ironic that Agriculture Development Bank Nepal (ADB/N), established to
promote agriculture, is cutting back on its agricultural spending even as it
scales up its investments in subsidiary fields like commercial land and
vehicles. Access to finance is important for poor farmers. But they are not
getting enough; the little they do get are from a handful of rural cooperatives,
their own savings and from projects like Poverty Alleviation Fund.

We are still thinking about agriculture as a means of production. Such
stereotypical thinking has hindered the development of agriculture as a viable
business. There are many government projects to commercialize agriculture like
PACT, HIMALI, HVAP, ODOP and OVOP, in addition to other NGO projects. However,
without proper coordination, the resources have not gone to the needy and hence
the impact of these projects is negligible.

One silver lining is that many youths, especially those who have returned from
overseas employment, have started commercial farming. But again there is no
policy or program to support their initiatives. Some of them have even brought
in new know-how and technology but there is no program as such to tap it and
replicate it. This state of apathy must change for the country to benefit from
the agriculture sector.

The current structure for agriculture development including staffing,
infrastructure, and offices needs a complete metamorphosis. Another need is to
make our agriculture compatible to the new federal structure. There are many
people who have made an active contribution for the development of agriculture,
both in and outside the government. Their efforts must also be recognized. The
time has come for a radical rethink in how we do our agriculture to make it
compatible to the country's needs in the 21st century.

The author is a Portfolio Manager at Poverty Alleviation Fund

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

MoU signed to set up agriculture expo centre at UAP

SECTION: Vol. L No. 257

LENGTH: 410  words


The University of Agriculture Peshawar (UAP) signed a memorandum of
understanding with Department of Agriculture, and Livestock and Corporative
Government of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, for establishment of Agriculture Expo-Centre
at the UAP. The agreement was signed by Vice Chancellor of UAP, Professor Dr
Zahoor Ahmad Swati, and Secretary Agriculture Government of KP Mohammad Hamayun
during a ceremony held at the university campus here on Tuesday.

The MoU signing ceremony was also attended by Special Secretary Agriculture
Usman Yaqub, Additional Secretary Agriculture Shaukat Yousafzai, Rizwan Ahmad,
Director Planning and Development, UAP. The agreement aims to give information
to farmers regarding modern technology on the basis of latest research and
development of Agriculture sector, through jointly establishment of agriculture
expo-centre at the UAP.

The centre would also aim to take benefit from each other experiences and
healthy suggestions for development of Agriculture Sector, besides arranging
joint agriculture exhibition. With the establishment of the Centre, the
facilitation services would be extended to small farmers belonging to far-flung
areas of the province.

Under the plan, a high-level accreditation lab would be established along with
setting up of the centre, through which farmers would test certified seeds of
international standard. The seeds would become export-quality, could generate
revenue for the provincial and national kitty, according to MoU. Besides, the
establishment of Agriculture Expo-Centre, an Agriculture Museum, Conference Hall
and Committee room would be constructed.

Dr Zahoor Swati, while talking media persons during the ceremony said the
University is striving hard to promotion quality research and education in the
province. He said the farmers and students would equally take benefit with the
establishment of proposed Agriculture Expo-Centre with assistance of Department
of Agriculture, and Livestock and Corporative, Government of KP.

The Vice Chancellor said the UAP being a prime agriculture institution, catering
all needs and providing facilities to students, researchers and faculty members
as well. He said the agreement would be helpful to jointly work for development
of Agriculture Sector, besides, facilitation to small farmers in the province.
He thanked the Additional Chief Secretary Government of KP for his keenness and
support, and role for development of Agriculture sector in the province.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday

Importance of agriculture

BYLINE:  A R Shujaat Hussain - Via email

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Vol. XXIV No. 267

LENGTH: 315  words


Pakistan is an agricultural country. Contribution of agriculture in GDP is about
24% which is a very large amount for the better growth of economy of Pakistan.
If there is a change in the GDP, then there is no change in agriculture's
economy. It is the agriculture sector which is responsible for making the
availability of food possible in the country. It is providing wheat, rice
vegetables and edible oils to the existing population.

Agriculture sector becomes the responsible of as long as the necessary raw
material to industrial sector of the country's economy. The development of sugar
industry depends upon the availability of sugar-cane in the country. Agriculture
sector can provides a employment in the country. Agriculture is a traditional
profession. As for as Pakistan is primarily a rural country with 69% of its
population living in villages, majority of which is directly dependent on
agriculture for livelihood. The industrial development is based upon agriculture
sector.

It means that more than the required number of people are employed in the
agriculture sector having zero and negative marginal productivity. Even if they
are removed, the total agriculture production will remain unaffected. The
countries like Pakistan which have a vast agriculture sector can depend upon
exportation of agriculture products like cotton, sugar, rice, vegetables, fruits
and certain seeds etc.

For a long time, this has been a view that the terms of trade have a tendency to
move against agriculture sector, ie the prices of agriculture commodities go on
falling while the prices of industrial goods go on rising. But nowadays, because
of severe increase in population of the world the demand for agriculture goods
including crops, horticulture, livestock, forestry and fisheries is rapidly
increasing. And in the coming future, the demand for agriculture goods is not
likely to come down.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday

Importance of agriculture

BYLINE:  A R Shujaat Hussain - Via email

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Vol. XXIV No. 267

LENGTH: 315  words


Pakistan is an agricultural country. Contribution of agriculture in GDP is about
24% which is a very large amount for the better growth of economy of Pakistan.
If there is a change in the GDP, then there is no change in agriculture's
economy. It is the agriculture sector which is responsible for making the
availability of food possible in the country. It is providing wheat, rice
vegetables and edible oils to the existing population.

Agriculture sector becomes the responsible of as long as the necessary raw
material to industrial sector of the country's economy. The development of sugar
industry depends upon the availability of sugar-cane in the country. Agriculture
sector can provides a employment in the country. Agriculture is a traditional
profession. As for as Pakistan is primarily a rural country with 69% of its
population living in villages, majority of which is directly dependent on
agriculture for livelihood. The industrial development is based upon agriculture
sector.

It means that more than the required number of people are employed in the
agriculture sector having zero and negative marginal productivity. Even if they
are removed, the total agriculture production will remain unaffected. The
countries like Pakistan which have a vast agriculture sector can depend upon
exportation of agriculture products like cotton, sugar, rice, vegetables, fruits
and certain seeds etc.

For a long time, this has been a view that the terms of trade have a tendency to
move against agriculture sector, ie the prices of agriculture commodities go on
falling while the prices of industrial goods go on rising. But nowadays, because
of severe increase in population of the world the demand for agriculture goods
including crops, horticulture, livestock, forestry and fisheries is rapidly
increasing. And in the coming future, the demand for agriculture goods is not
likely to come down.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Political & Business Daily (India)

                            March 17, 2011 Thursday

Rs.700 cr alloted for poultry, farm in Budget: Rather

LENGTH: 1074 words

DATELINE: Jammu


Jammu, March 17 -- Budget sops provided to poultry sector and agriculture during
the last two years has facilitated contribution of about '700 crore to the
state's economy, the Minister for Finance and Ladakh Affairs AR Rather has said
here.

He said this was among the efforts by the incumbent state government to bring
the agriculture sector back to the centre of the state economy.

"...a small step to exempt toll tax on import of chicken has given '700 crores
to boost State's economy in last two years", Rather said while addressing a
gathering of farmers.

The function was organised by the J&K State Advisory Board for development of
Kissans.

Further he said while toll on fertilizers was exempted in the last year's
budget, the government has exempted VAT on agriculture implements like drip
irrigation system, green houses and animal feed.

The government has initiated measures to exploit full potential of the
agriculture sector, he said adding that the efforts would continue to make it
highly promising and remunerative occupation.

Rather said that under the Chief Minister Omar Abdullah, the state government
has consciously started boosting the agriculture sector that has receded into
background in the present era of industrialization.

Farmers would be provided all the required agriculture inputs to boost
production, he said adding that for the first time budgetary provisions have
been kept to increase the seed replacement rate in the State from existing 10
percent to 25 percent as exists at the national level.

"This would enable the farmers to produce quality products to fetch better
remuneration in the competitive market", Rather said adding that both the
agriculture universities have been asked to produce latest hybrid seeds that
suit the local agro-climatic conditions.

The Finance Minister said agriculture universities in Kashmir would be provided
adequate financial assistance to carry out research in this regard.

He said the agro-based industry has tremendous potential for employment
generation, which needs to be exploited through Entrepreneurship Development
initiatives kickstarted by the present Government.

According to Rather, poultry and mutton production which form allied sectors of
agriculture would be developed in a big way.

These steps would make the agriculture sector profitable and the children of
farmers would no longer shy away from adopting it as a dignified profession,
Rather said while quoting Mahatma Gandhi who had said "if you want to see the
country prosperous, develop the villages first".

Agriculture Minister G H Mir on behalf of agriculture department said there was
a need to make bigger investments in agriculture to increase employability in
the Sector.

He called for focussed attention of policy makers and planners towards
development of this important sector of the state's economy and providing better
incentives to farmers.

These steps would make the agriculture sector profitable and the

children of farmers would not hesitate to adopt it as a dignified profession, he
said, adding a new

agriculture policy was on anvil to allow modernised development of this

sector.

Budget sops provided to poultry sector and agriculture during the last two years
has facilitated contribution of about '700 crore to the state's economy, the
Minister for Finance and Ladakh Affairs AR Rather has said here. He said this
was among the efforts by the incumbent state government to bring the agriculture
sector back to the centre of the state economy."...a small step to exempt toll
tax on import of chicken has given '700 crores to boost State's economy in last
two years", Rather said while addressing a gathering of farmers.The function was
organised by the J&K State Advisory Board for development of Kissans.Further he
said while toll on fertilizers was exempted in the last year's budget, the
government has exempted VAT on agriculture implements like drip irrigation
system, green houses and animal feed.The government has initiated measures to
exploit full potential of the agriculture sector, he said adding that the
efforts would continue to make it highly promising and remunerative
occupation.Rather said that under the Chief Minister Omar Abdullah, the state
government has consciously started boosting the agriculture sector that has
receded into background in the present era of industrialization.Farmers would be
provided all the required agriculture inputs to boost production, he said adding
that for the first time budgetary provisions have been kept to increase the seed
replacement rate in the State from existing 10 percent to 25 percent as exists
at the national level."This would enable the farmers to produce quality products
to fetch better remuneration in the competitive market", Rather said adding that
both the agriculture universities have been asked to produce latest hybrid seeds
that suit the local agro-climatic conditions.The Finance Minister said
agriculture universities in Kashmir would be provided adequate financial
assistance to carry out research in this regard.He said the agro-based industry
has tremendous potential for employment generation, which needs to be exploited
through Entrepreneurship Development initiatives kickstarted by the present
Government.According to Rather, poultry and mutton production which form allied
sectors of agriculture would be developed in a big way.These steps would make
the agriculture sector profitable and the children of farmers would no longer
shy away from adopting it as a dignified profession, Rather said while quoting
Mahatma Gandhi who had said "if you want to see the country prosperous, develop
the villages first".Agriculture Minister G H Mir on behalf of agriculture
department said there was a need to make bigger investments in agriculture to
increase employability in the Sector.He called for focussed attention of policy
makers and planners towards development of this important sector of the state's
economy and providing better incentives to farmers.These steps would make the
agriculture sector profitable and the children of farmers would not hesitate to
adopt it as a dignified profession, he said, adding a new agriculture policy was
on anvil to allow modernised development of this sector. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from The Political & Business Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                             Copyright 2011 pbd.in
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

'Small farmers should be allowed own markets,' Chairman, Pakistan Agriculture
Research Council

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 341

LENGTH: 1252  words


Dr. Iftikhar Ahmad is the Chairman of Pakistan Agriculture Research Council
(PARC). A renowned agriculture scientist Dr Iftikhar started his career in 1976
as a lecturer at the University of Agriculture, Faisalabad. After earning his
PhD from the University of Wales, UK in 1983, he joined PARC, where he went on
to serve at distinguished positions for nearly three decades. He retired from
PARC as acting chairman in March 2012 and took up an advisory assignment at the
UN's FAO office in Pakistan.

Dr. Iftikhar was appointed the full-time PARC Chairman in 2013. He holds
membership of several international scientific societies including American
Phytopathological Society, British Society for Plant Pathology and the Institute
of Biology, UK.

BR Research recently sat down with Dr. Iftikhar in Islamabad for a discussion on
agriculture research. Some excerpts from that encounter:

BR Research: Please tell us about the role PARC is playing in developing
agricultural practices?

Dr. Iftikhar Ahmed: PARC is a Federal Co-ordination Agency for agricultural
research since 1950. Broadly, its function is to aid, promote and co-ordinate
research in various other agriculture research institutes at the Federal and
provincial levels. PARC has its in-house research institutes as well, which
undertake research in priority areas. In addition, PARC has a central role in
developing liaison with international research organisations to help bring
knowledge and innovation into our national system.

PARC is the apex agriculture research organisation, but it is by no means the
authority over provincial agriculture research organisations. More than 90
percent of agriculture research institutes are with the provinces. There are
adaptive research institutions and agriculture extension departments that are
also with the provinces. These institutions are the points of contact with the
farmers.

BRR: What are your current agriculture research priorities and how do you
determine them?

IA: Based on our evaluation of knowledge and innovation seeping into Pakistan's
agriculture sector, PARC sets national priorities and objectives for agriculture
research in the country. The general objective is to find and promote ways to
increase the contribution of agriculture in overall economic growth. For that,
we have to ensure that agriculture research has a linkage with the broader
national objectives.

Our priorities have to reflect current realities. The agriculture ministry has
been devolved from the Federation after the passage of 18th Amendment.
Resultantly, international liaison and regulatory functions for agriculture
research and other agriculture-related functions like seed certification got
scattered in various ministries. After 3-4 months, the Federal Government had to
create a new ministry, called the Ministry for Food Security and Research, to
bring all those scattered functions together. Now, provinces have more
responsibility and autonomy in agriculture-related subjects and Federation is
mainly concentrating on the co-ordination issues.

The priorities also account for current economic and demographic situation. Our
economy is still agriculture-based. Over 65 percent of Pakistan's exports are
derived from agriculture--mostly from cotton, rice and livestock. Meanwhile,
demographic changes are also shaping the rural-urban landscape. Rural population
is not growing as fast as peri-urban and urban populations. These things have to
be taken into account.

BRR: In your view, what is the better way to manage agriculture in a country?
Should agriculture segments like crops, fisheries, livestock, etc, be under a
single ministry or should there be different ministries for different segments?

IA: We at PARC have an expanded scope. We include crops, livestock, fisheries
and natural resources, all under the agriculture research domain. But provinces
in Pakistan have organised agriculture under different structures and
ministries. For instance, livestock, fisheries and forests may each have
separate ministries.

The international experience suggests it is better for a government to oversee
agriculture segments separately. In Brazil, for instance, there are two
ministries for agriculture--one for the large farmers, and the other for small
farmers. India has four agriculture-related ministries at the Federal level.
Each of its states also has different agriculture-related ministries. Our system
resembles that of India.

BRR: Why is research-based innovation and value-addition missing in Pakistan's
agriculture sector?

IA: We need to understand that just creating innovative techniques of
value-addition is not enough. Absorption capacity must also be there.

There are three major issues in Pakistan related to absorption capacity. First
of all, limited education and skill sets are the impeding factors in trying out
new farming techniques. Here, I must emphasise that I have found farmers to be
the experts in the skill sets they already have. Unfortunately, the environment
is such that people do not want to stay in rural areas and want to find their
livelihoods in cities. There is somehow a taboo attached with being a farmer.

Secondly, government's focus has remained confined to "major crops"--wheat,
maize, rice, cotton and sugar cane. Rest of the crops, classified as "minor
crops", have been largely ignored throughout the country's history, because they
were not considered as "high value" as the major crops. Large investments have
made their way into major crops, where some value-addition is visible.
Therefore, rest of the agriculture sector hasn't really been on the
value-addition map.

Thirdly, farming is becoming a difficult profession due to rising cost of
cultivation. The input costs have gone so high that even the progressive farmers
become wary of trying new ways of farming. Yes, crop prices have also increased,
but that is not enough to cover the cost of production.

There is another issue related to value-addition that I must highlight. It's a
mistake to confine the concept of value-addition in terms of value enhancement
in just the end product. That view doesn't result in a sound policy for
value-addition in agriculture products. In fact, one needs to broaden the
value-addition scope to the entire value chain. That means the processes that
result in the end product have to have significant modification as well. To give
you an example, Pakistan produces one of the best dates in the world.
Value-addition for this product would entail world class packaging of the dates.
To have a competitive edge overseas, it is not just the quality of dates that
needs continuous improvement, but also that of the packaging film and its
design.

BRR: So, what can be done to change this scenario? Is corporatisation the
solution here?

IA: I feel that smallholders should be supported because they have no access to
the markets. Agriculture markets have remained monopolised in Pakistan. Small
farmers should be allowed to have their own markets and co-operatives.
Currently, somewhere around 65 percent of wheat farmers are subsistence farmers,
but they do not have a market to sell their excess produce. They end up selling
to the middlemen. It is these middlemen and the big farmers that sell their
crops to procurement agencies like PASSCO.

The current system in Pakistan is geared towards large landholders, not small
holders. Roughly 20 percent of large holders have more than 50 percent of land
with them. So, the landholding patterns are also something which needs to be
looked at.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

'Small farmers should be allowed own markets,' Chairman, Pakistan Agriculture
Research Council

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 341

LENGTH: 1252  words


Dr. Iftikhar Ahmad is the Chairman of Pakistan Agriculture Research Council
(PARC). A renowned agriculture scientist Dr Iftikhar started his career in 1976
as a lecturer at the University of Agriculture, Faisalabad. After earning his
PhD from the University of Wales, UK in 1983, he joined PARC, where he went on
to serve at distinguished positions for nearly three decades. He retired from
PARC as acting chairman in March 2012 and took up an advisory assignment at the
UN's FAO office in Pakistan.

Dr. Iftikhar was appointed the full-time PARC Chairman in 2013. He holds
membership of several international scientific societies including American
Phytopathological Society, British Society for Plant Pathology and the Institute
of Biology, UK.

BR Research recently sat down with Dr. Iftikhar in Islamabad for a discussion on
agriculture research. Some excerpts from that encounter:

BR Research: Please tell us about the role PARC is playing in developing
agricultural practices?

Dr. Iftikhar Ahmed: PARC is a Federal Co-ordination Agency for agricultural
research since 1950. Broadly, its function is to aid, promote and co-ordinate
research in various other agriculture research institutes at the Federal and
provincial levels. PARC has its in-house research institutes as well, which
undertake research in priority areas. In addition, PARC has a central role in
developing liaison with international research organisations to help bring
knowledge and innovation into our national system.

PARC is the apex agriculture research organisation, but it is by no means the
authority over provincial agriculture research organisations. More than 90
percent of agriculture research institutes are with the provinces. There are
adaptive research institutions and agriculture extension departments that are
also with the provinces. These institutions are the points of contact with the
farmers.

BRR: What are your current agriculture research priorities and how do you
determine them?

IA: Based on our evaluation of knowledge and innovation seeping into Pakistan's
agriculture sector, PARC sets national priorities and objectives for agriculture
research in the country. The general objective is to find and promote ways to
increase the contribution of agriculture in overall economic growth. For that,
we have to ensure that agriculture research has a linkage with the broader
national objectives.

Our priorities have to reflect current realities. The agriculture ministry has
been devolved from the Federation after the passage of 18th Amendment.
Resultantly, international liaison and regulatory functions for agriculture
research and other agriculture-related functions like seed certification got
scattered in various ministries. After 3-4 months, the Federal Government had to
create a new ministry, called the Ministry for Food Security and Research, to
bring all those scattered functions together. Now, provinces have more
responsibility and autonomy in agriculture-related subjects and Federation is
mainly concentrating on the co-ordination issues.

The priorities also account for current economic and demographic situation. Our
economy is still agriculture-based. Over 65 percent of Pakistan's exports are
derived from agriculture--mostly from cotton, rice and livestock. Meanwhile,
demographic changes are also shaping the rural-urban landscape. Rural population
is not growing as fast as peri-urban and urban populations. These things have to
be taken into account.

BRR: In your view, what is the better way to manage agriculture in a country?
Should agriculture segments like crops, fisheries, livestock, etc, be under a
single ministry or should there be different ministries for different segments?

IA: We at PARC have an expanded scope. We include crops, livestock, fisheries
and natural resources, all under the agriculture research domain. But provinces
in Pakistan have organised agriculture under different structures and
ministries. For instance, livestock, fisheries and forests may each have
separate ministries.

The international experience suggests it is better for a government to oversee
agriculture segments separately. In Brazil, for instance, there are two
ministries for agriculture--one for the large farmers, and the other for small
farmers. India has four agriculture-related ministries at the Federal level.
Each of its states also has different agriculture-related ministries. Our system
resembles that of India.

BRR: Why is research-based innovation and value-addition missing in Pakistan's
agriculture sector?

IA: We need to understand that just creating innovative techniques of
value-addition is not enough. Absorption capacity must also be there.

There are three major issues in Pakistan related to absorption capacity. First
of all, limited education and skill sets are the impeding factors in trying out
new farming techniques. Here, I must emphasise that I have found farmers to be
the experts in the skill sets they already have. Unfortunately, the environment
is such that people do not want to stay in rural areas and want to find their
livelihoods in cities. There is somehow a taboo attached with being a farmer.

Secondly, government's focus has remained confined to "major crops"--wheat,
maize, rice, cotton and sugar cane. Rest of the crops, classified as "minor
crops", have been largely ignored throughout the country's history, because they
were not considered as "high value" as the major crops. Large investments have
made their way into major crops, where some value-addition is visible.
Therefore, rest of the agriculture sector hasn't really been on the
value-addition map.

Thirdly, farming is becoming a difficult profession due to rising cost of
cultivation. The input costs have gone so high that even the progressive farmers
become wary of trying new ways of farming. Yes, crop prices have also increased,
but that is not enough to cover the cost of production.

There is another issue related to value-addition that I must highlight. It's a
mistake to confine the concept of value-addition in terms of value enhancement
in just the end product. That view doesn't result in a sound policy for
value-addition in agriculture products. In fact, one needs to broaden the
value-addition scope to the entire value chain. That means the processes that
result in the end product have to have significant modification as well. To give
you an example, Pakistan produces one of the best dates in the world.
Value-addition for this product would entail world class packaging of the dates.
To have a competitive edge overseas, it is not just the quality of dates that
needs continuous improvement, but also that of the packaging film and its
design.

BRR: So, what can be done to change this scenario? Is corporatisation the
solution here?

IA: I feel that smallholders should be supported because they have no access to
the markets. Agriculture markets have remained monopolised in Pakistan. Small
farmers should be allowed to have their own markets and co-operatives.
Currently, somewhere around 65 percent of wheat farmers are subsistence farmers,
but they do not have a market to sell their excess produce. They end up selling
to the middlemen. It is these middlemen and the big farmers that sell their
crops to procurement agencies like PASSCO.

The current system in Pakistan is geared towards large landholders, not small
holders. Roughly 20 percent of large holders have more than 50 percent of land
with them. So, the landholding patterns are also something which needs to be
looked at.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

'Small farmers should be allowed own markets,' Chairman, Pakistan Agriculture
Research Council

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 341

LENGTH: 1252  words


Dr. Iftikhar Ahmad is the Chairman of Pakistan Agriculture Research Council
(PARC). A renowned agriculture scientist Dr Iftikhar started his career in 1976
as a lecturer at the University of Agriculture, Faisalabad. After earning his
PhD from the University of Wales, UK in 1983, he joined PARC, where he went on
to serve at distinguished positions for nearly three decades. He retired from
PARC as acting chairman in March 2012 and took up an advisory assignment at the
UN's FAO office in Pakistan.

Dr. Iftikhar was appointed the full-time PARC Chairman in 2013. He holds
membership of several international scientific societies including American
Phytopathological Society, British Society for Plant Pathology and the Institute
of Biology, UK.

BR Research recently sat down with Dr. Iftikhar in Islamabad for a discussion on
agriculture research. Some excerpts from that encounter:

BR Research: Please tell us about the role PARC is playing in developing
agricultural practices?

Dr. Iftikhar Ahmed: PARC is a Federal Co-ordination Agency for agricultural
research since 1950. Broadly, its function is to aid, promote and co-ordinate
research in various other agriculture research institutes at the Federal and
provincial levels. PARC has its in-house research institutes as well, which
undertake research in priority areas. In addition, PARC has a central role in
developing liaison with international research organisations to help bring
knowledge and innovation into our national system.

PARC is the apex agriculture research organisation, but it is by no means the
authority over provincial agriculture research organisations. More than 90
percent of agriculture research institutes are with the provinces. There are
adaptive research institutions and agriculture extension departments that are
also with the provinces. These institutions are the points of contact with the
farmers.

BRR: What are your current agriculture research priorities and how do you
determine them?

IA: Based on our evaluation of knowledge and innovation seeping into Pakistan's
agriculture sector, PARC sets national priorities and objectives for agriculture
research in the country. The general objective is to find and promote ways to
increase the contribution of agriculture in overall economic growth. For that,
we have to ensure that agriculture research has a linkage with the broader
national objectives.

Our priorities have to reflect current realities. The agriculture ministry has
been devolved from the Federation after the passage of 18th Amendment.
Resultantly, international liaison and regulatory functions for agriculture
research and other agriculture-related functions like seed certification got
scattered in various ministries. After 3-4 months, the Federal Government had to
create a new ministry, called the Ministry for Food Security and Research, to
bring all those scattered functions together. Now, provinces have more
responsibility and autonomy in agriculture-related subjects and Federation is
mainly concentrating on the co-ordination issues.

The priorities also account for current economic and demographic situation. Our
economy is still agriculture-based. Over 65 percent of Pakistan's exports are
derived from agriculture--mostly from cotton, rice and livestock. Meanwhile,
demographic changes are also shaping the rural-urban landscape. Rural population
is not growing as fast as peri-urban and urban populations. These things have to
be taken into account.

BRR: In your view, what is the better way to manage agriculture in a country?
Should agriculture segments like crops, fisheries, livestock, etc, be under a
single ministry or should there be different ministries for different segments?

IA: We at PARC have an expanded scope. We include crops, livestock, fisheries
and natural resources, all under the agriculture research domain. But provinces
in Pakistan have organised agriculture under different structures and
ministries. For instance, livestock, fisheries and forests may each have
separate ministries.

The international experience suggests it is better for a government to oversee
agriculture segments separately. In Brazil, for instance, there are two
ministries for agriculture--one for the large farmers, and the other for small
farmers. India has four agriculture-related ministries at the Federal level.
Each of its states also has different agriculture-related ministries. Our system
resembles that of India.

BRR: Why is research-based innovation and value-addition missing in Pakistan's
agriculture sector?

IA: We need to understand that just creating innovative techniques of
value-addition is not enough. Absorption capacity must also be there.

There are three major issues in Pakistan related to absorption capacity. First
of all, limited education and skill sets are the impeding factors in trying out
new farming techniques. Here, I must emphasise that I have found farmers to be
the experts in the skill sets they already have. Unfortunately, the environment
is such that people do not want to stay in rural areas and want to find their
livelihoods in cities. There is somehow a taboo attached with being a farmer.

Secondly, government's focus has remained confined to "major crops"--wheat,
maize, rice, cotton and sugar cane. Rest of the crops, classified as "minor
crops", have been largely ignored throughout the country's history, because they
were not considered as "high value" as the major crops. Large investments have
made their way into major crops, where some value-addition is visible.
Therefore, rest of the agriculture sector hasn't really been on the
value-addition map.

Thirdly, farming is becoming a difficult profession due to rising cost of
cultivation. The input costs have gone so high that even the progressive farmers
become wary of trying new ways of farming. Yes, crop prices have also increased,
but that is not enough to cover the cost of production.

There is another issue related to value-addition that I must highlight. It's a
mistake to confine the concept of value-addition in terms of value enhancement
in just the end product. That view doesn't result in a sound policy for
value-addition in agriculture products. In fact, one needs to broaden the
value-addition scope to the entire value chain. That means the processes that
result in the end product have to have significant modification as well. To give
you an example, Pakistan produces one of the best dates in the world.
Value-addition for this product would entail world class packaging of the dates.
To have a competitive edge overseas, it is not just the quality of dates that
needs continuous improvement, but also that of the packaging film and its
design.

BRR: So, what can be done to change this scenario? Is corporatisation the
solution here?

IA: I feel that smallholders should be supported because they have no access to
the markets. Agriculture markets have remained monopolised in Pakistan. Small
farmers should be allowed to have their own markets and co-operatives.
Currently, somewhere around 65 percent of wheat farmers are subsistence farmers,
but they do not have a market to sell their excess produce. They end up selling
to the middlemen. It is these middlemen and the big farmers that sell their
crops to procurement agencies like PASSCO.

The current system in Pakistan is geared towards large landholders, not small
holders. Roughly 20 percent of large holders have more than 50 percent of land
with them. So, the landholding patterns are also something which needs to be
looked at.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            December 4, 2012 Tuesday

Hoti launches mechanised farming project at Tarnab

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 333

LENGTH: 396  words


Chief Minister Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Amir Haider Khan Hoti has formally launched
Mechanised Farming Project and Agriculture Policy at Tarnab Farm on Monday.
Addressing the ceremony, he said that project of mechanised farming and
agriculture policy will prove harbinger of progress in active government
functionaries, financial improvement of farmers and progress in agriculture
production.

Provincial Agriculture Minister Arbab Muhammad Ayub Jan, Provincial Minister For
Animal Husbandry Haji Hidayatullah, MPA Saqib Chamkani, administrative
secretaries of agriculture, livestock and fishery departments, vice chancellor
agriculture university, faculty members, agriculturists, scientists and farmers
were also present on the occasion.

He said that the project will make available modern technology, environment and
facilities to enable farmers to yield more production from their limited areas.
The chief minister said that increase in agriculture sector due to 18th
amendment, agriculture policy congruent to modern needs was needed. He said that
10 years agriculture policy with assistance of F.A.O, has been prepared bearing
self-sufficiency in agriculture and achievement of priorities in mind, added,
implementation on the policy has commenced.

He said that under the policy worth Rs 500 million, farmers will be provided
with modern technology at subsidised rates and other benefits and facilities. He
said that resources will be provided to Model Farms Services Centre in the form
of endowment fund. He said that the province has the lead in preparing
agriculture policy at national and provincial levels under which the guidance
will be provided to agriculture sector for coming 10 years.

He said that the government has allocated Rs 2 billion to agriculture for
achieving self-sufficiency in agriculture this year but the previous government
has allocated Rs 322 million. He said that future of the province was linked to
investment in hydel power, oil and gas and agriculture. He approved construction
of road from GT Road to Tarnab Farm and issued directives to concerned
authorities in this connection.

The chief minister also distributed endowment funds cheques among
representatives of different farms services centres and offered honorary
certificates to prominent performers agriculture scientists and officers and
personnel of livestock and agriculture departments.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            December 4, 2012 Tuesday

Provinces cautious about India's highly-subsidised agriculture sector

LENGTH: 789  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


The provincial governments' representatives have expressed caution over
competing with the highly-subsidised agriculture sector of India, even though
all of them have shown unanimity in continuing trade liberalisation with the
neighboring country.

Provinces' representatives expressed their opinions at an inter-ministerial
meeting convened by the Federal Ministry of Commerce in the federal capital on
November 15, 2012. The meeting's agenda was to discuss matters related to
agriculture trade with India and to solicit suggestions from relevant
departments in this regard.



The meeting, which was chaired by Robina Ather, Joint Secretary, Ministry of
Commerce, was participated by officials from the agriculture departments of
Sindh, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Baluchistan and Punjab.

As per the meeting's recorded proceedings, Robina Ather said that Pakistan and
India were in the process of normalising bilateral trade relations and Pakistan
notified the negative trade list with India.

"Pakistan's agriculture sector has a few concerns in the wake of trade
liberalisation with India vis-à-vis subsidies provided to its agriculture sector
by India," she said. "The two countries are agrarian economies with
food-security related issues existing on both sides."

Therefore, she added, as per the government of Pakistan's existing policy, wheat
and sugar trade was regulated by the public sector. As regards cotton, vegetable
and fruits, she added, these are already being traded between India and
Pakistan.

However, she said, there were issues related to the import of rice from India.
She also emphasised that agriculture commodities were always in high demand in
the local market due to seasonal phenomenon.

Also speaking on the occasion, Hidayatullah, director general of Sindh
Agriculture Department, reported that the department had meetings with
stakeholders from the province, particularly the growers and business community,
whereas there was no disagreement on allowing the import of agriculture products
from India.

According to him, huge subsidies and support prices provided to India's
agriculture sector on diesel, fertiliser, and electricity would make Pakistan's
agriculture produce less competitive in relation to India. Secondly, there were
colossal post-harvest losses in Pakistan due to lack of technology.

Underscoring Sindh's agriculture scope, he said that chilli, banana, rice,
onion, turnips, spinach, dates and wheat cultivated in the province had immense
potential in the Indian market. He suggested that the Munabao-Khokhrapar route
could be opened for trade with India to the benefit of the province,
particularly Thatta, Badin and Mirpurkhas. For him, opening of trade through
this route would turn Umarkot on the Pakistani side and Mithi on the Indian side
into active trading zones.

He underlined that infrastructure could be built and state-of-the-art
agriculture machinery be introduced in the province to avoid crop damage during
processing. He informed the meeting that to develop the province's agriculture
sector, the Sindh government in collaboration with the federal government, was
making Export Processing Zones across the province such as the ones in Karachi,
Khairpur, Nawabshah, Sanghar, etc.

Director General Agriculture Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Abdur Rashid stated that the
province's agriculture produce has an enormous potential in the Indian market.

Commenting on trade with India, he said that as India was heavily subsidising
its agriculture sector, the government could consider providing a similar
pattern of subsidies in Pakistan so that the agriculture sector could become
competitive.

Nevertheless, he added, India was manufacturing high-tech agriculture machinery
and its import from India would definitely enhance Pakistan's productivity by
reducing wastage and lowering input cost.

Masuud Ahmed, director of Baluchistan Agriculture Department, said that
commodities such as onions, fruit, dates, etc. had great export potential.

"Presently, there is cultivation of apples on 8,000 hectores of land and dates
on 60,000 hectors in the province," he said.

He also emphasised on developing infrastructure, such as warehouses, cold
storages, roads etc. and suggested that an exhibition of Pakistan's agri
products in India should be organised.

Dr Muhammad Anjum, director general of Punjab Agriculture Department, observed
that due to subsidies given to the agriculture sector in India, agriculture
products' import from India could negatively affect Punjab's agriculture sector.
Therefore, a cautious approach should be adopted during the process of opening
trade with India. Furthermore, he proposed agriculture centres be opened in all
districts of Pakistan for agriculture research purpose.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Washington: Georgia Delegation Applauds Trump Nomination of Former Georgia
Governor Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture

LENGTH: 864  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Austin Scott has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Representative Austin Scott (GA-08), Chairman of the House Agriculture
Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit, today joined the other
House members of the Georgia Congressional Delegation in applauding
President-elect Donald J. Trump's nomination of former Georgia Governor George
Ervin "Sonny" Perdue III to serve as Secretary of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.





 The following delegation members issued statements on President-elect Trump's
choice of Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture:



 U.S. Rep. Austin Scott (GA-08), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture
and Chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and
Credit: "America's will have a great Secretary of Agriculture in Sonny Perdue,
and I am confident Sonny will be an excellent representative of our state in his
service to our country's agriculture communities.  Agriculture is Georgia's
leading industry, so we're glad to have someone who understands our state's
agricultural needs and act as a champion for the needs of our farmers, ranchers,
and manufacturers in the U.S. Department of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Buddy Carter (GA-01): "Former Governor Sonny Perdue is the perfect
choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. As the top industry in our state,
Georgians know how important agriculture is. As a two-term Governor of Georgia,
Sonny has already proven himself to be a strong leader who will fight to ensure
the agriculture industry is able to accomplish their important work. The hard
work of our farmers, ranchers, and producers is critical to the production of
the safest, most abundant and most affordable food supply in the world and I
look forward to working with former Governor Perdue to ensure Washington doesn't
stand in their way."



 U.S. Rep. Drew Ferguson (GA-03): "Sonny is an excellent choice to be the next
Secretary of Agriculture. His experience as a veterinarian combined with his
executive experience as a two-term governor make him uniquely qualified to lead
the USDA. I have personally had the honor of working alongside Governor Perdue
to create thousands of new jobs in Georgia. Sonny has always been committed to
making sure businesses, and especially agriculture in Georgia, are successful. I
look forward to working with him as the Secretary of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Rob Woodall (GA-07): "Georgians are well aware of Governor Perdue's
heart for service, and I have no doubt he will bring that same spirit and
commitment to this new role.  Having served as Governor of Georgia, whose number
one industry is agriculture, his knowledge and experience in both the public and
private sectors make him an excellent choice to lead the Department of
Agriculture.  It makes me very proud to see the role Georgia will be playing in
moving America forward, and I look forward to partnering with him."



 U.S. Rep. Doug Collins (GA-09): "Sonny Perdue is an outstanding choice for
Secretary of Agriculture. The experience he brings to that role will a boon to
agricultural communities from coast to coast, including the poultry industry,
which is a key part of Georgia's livelihood."



 U.S. Rep. Jody Hice (GA-10): "Given his executive experience as a two-term
Governor and his background as an agribusiness owner, Sonny Perdue is an
outstanding choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. During his tenure as
Governor, he shaped an agricultural policy that helped usher in a new era of
economic growth. Agriculture remains the top industry in Georgia, and I look
forward to working with Sonny as Secretary of Agriculture to continue supporting
our farming communities."



 U.S. Rep. Barry Loudermilk (GA-11): "It's great to see my friend, former
Governor Sonny Perdue, selected to serve as our next Agriculture Secretary. His
proven conservative leadership on Georgia's agricultural interests teamed with
his business background makes him an excellent choice to lead this department."



 U.S. Rep. Rick Allen (GA-12), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture:
"From the farm he grew up on in Perry, Georgia to his service in the U.S. Air
Force, veterinary and agribusiness career, and later Governor of Georgia, Sonny
Perdue makes an excellent and obvious choice for the next Secretary of
Agriculture.  Hailing from a state like Georgia, where agriculture is our number
one industry, I am confident in Sonny's ability to represent the interests of
all American agriculture. As a member of the House Agriculture Committee, I look
forward to his leadership and working with him to advance the needs of our
farmers and the industry as a whole."



 U.S. Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14): "Governor Perdue is the perfect choice to lead
the Agriculture Department. Between his work as a veterinarian and agribusiness
owner to his eight years as governor, he's walked the fields of Georgia to the
halls of the executive office. He has the right combination of experience, and I
have no doubt that Sonny will serve the American people well."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Washington: Georgia Delegation Applauds Trump Nomination of Former Georgia
Governor Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture

LENGTH: 864  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Austin Scott has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Representative Austin Scott (GA-08), Chairman of the House Agriculture
Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit, today joined the other
House members of the Georgia Congressional Delegation in applauding
President-elect Donald J. Trump's nomination of former Georgia Governor George
Ervin "Sonny" Perdue III to serve as Secretary of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.





 The following delegation members issued statements on President-elect Trump's
choice of Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture:



 U.S. Rep. Austin Scott (GA-08), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture
and Chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and
Credit: "America's will have a great Secretary of Agriculture in Sonny Perdue,
and I am confident Sonny will be an excellent representative of our state in his
service to our country's agriculture communities.  Agriculture is Georgia's
leading industry, so we're glad to have someone who understands our state's
agricultural needs and act as a champion for the needs of our farmers, ranchers,
and manufacturers in the U.S. Department of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Buddy Carter (GA-01): "Former Governor Sonny Perdue is the perfect
choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. As the top industry in our state,
Georgians know how important agriculture is. As a two-term Governor of Georgia,
Sonny has already proven himself to be a strong leader who will fight to ensure
the agriculture industry is able to accomplish their important work. The hard
work of our farmers, ranchers, and producers is critical to the production of
the safest, most abundant and most affordable food supply in the world and I
look forward to working with former Governor Perdue to ensure Washington doesn't
stand in their way."



 U.S. Rep. Drew Ferguson (GA-03): "Sonny is an excellent choice to be the next
Secretary of Agriculture. His experience as a veterinarian combined with his
executive experience as a two-term governor make him uniquely qualified to lead
the USDA. I have personally had the honor of working alongside Governor Perdue
to create thousands of new jobs in Georgia. Sonny has always been committed to
making sure businesses, and especially agriculture in Georgia, are successful. I
look forward to working with him as the Secretary of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Rob Woodall (GA-07): "Georgians are well aware of Governor Perdue's
heart for service, and I have no doubt he will bring that same spirit and
commitment to this new role.  Having served as Governor of Georgia, whose number
one industry is agriculture, his knowledge and experience in both the public and
private sectors make him an excellent choice to lead the Department of
Agriculture.  It makes me very proud to see the role Georgia will be playing in
moving America forward, and I look forward to partnering with him."



 U.S. Rep. Doug Collins (GA-09): "Sonny Perdue is an outstanding choice for
Secretary of Agriculture. The experience he brings to that role will a boon to
agricultural communities from coast to coast, including the poultry industry,
which is a key part of Georgia's livelihood."



 U.S. Rep. Jody Hice (GA-10): "Given his executive experience as a two-term
Governor and his background as an agribusiness owner, Sonny Perdue is an
outstanding choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. During his tenure as
Governor, he shaped an agricultural policy that helped usher in a new era of
economic growth. Agriculture remains the top industry in Georgia, and I look
forward to working with Sonny as Secretary of Agriculture to continue supporting
our farming communities."



 U.S. Rep. Barry Loudermilk (GA-11): "It's great to see my friend, former
Governor Sonny Perdue, selected to serve as our next Agriculture Secretary. His
proven conservative leadership on Georgia's agricultural interests teamed with
his business background makes him an excellent choice to lead this department."



 U.S. Rep. Rick Allen (GA-12), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture:
"From the farm he grew up on in Perry, Georgia to his service in the U.S. Air
Force, veterinary and agribusiness career, and later Governor of Georgia, Sonny
Perdue makes an excellent and obvious choice for the next Secretary of
Agriculture.  Hailing from a state like Georgia, where agriculture is our number
one industry, I am confident in Sonny's ability to represent the interests of
all American agriculture. As a member of the House Agriculture Committee, I look
forward to his leadership and working with him to advance the needs of our
farmers and the industry as a whole."



 U.S. Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14): "Governor Perdue is the perfect choice to lead
the Agriculture Department. Between his work as a veterinarian and agribusiness
owner to his eight years as governor, he's walked the fields of Georgia to the
halls of the executive office. He has the right combination of experience, and I
have no doubt that Sonny will serve the American people well."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday

Govt to spend Rs100b on agriculture: Shahbaz

LENGTH: 494  words


The Punjab government will spend Rs100 billion during the next two years for the
development of agriculture sector, Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif said on
Tuesday.

He was presiding over a meeting to review the recommendations made during the
Punjab Agriculture Conference 2016.

Full attention will be paid to agriculture research. The government is
implementing a comprehensive programme for uplifting the agriculture sector. All
out resources are being utilised for the prosperity of farmers. Provision of
necessary facilities to farmers is essential for promoting agriculture, he said.
The CM said that all government departments should take practical measures for
the prosperity of cultivators.

The chief minister said that various programmes would be started to ensure the
prosperity of farmers. Progress and prosperity of farmers is the top priority of
the government. We are moving forward in this direction by adopting a
farmers-friendly policy, he said.

Shahbaz Sharif said that he would personally monitor the measures taken under
the historic Rs100 billion package announced for the prosperity of farmers and
development of agriculture sector.

All steps will be taken for the progress of agriculture and farmers. Agriculture
production and area under cultivation will be increased, he said.

The chief minister said that maximum efforts would be made to protect
cultivators from the losses due to the recession in agriculture commodity prices
at international level.

He said that financial, legal and administrative measures would be taken to
curtail the losses suffered by farmers.

Immediate measures are needed for the standardisation of agricultural machinery,
he said.

The chief minister directed officials to take steps to activate the Punjab
Agriculture Research Board. Special attention should be paid to research to
enhance agriculture production and the area under cultivation, he said.

He said that there was a need to share fruits of agriculture research with
farmers. The promotion of technology, research development and agriculture
extension is essential for development of agriculture sector and progress of
farmers, he said.

The CM said that all government departments had to play an active role for the
development of the agriculture sector. The chief minister directed officials to
submit a practicable and final plan for strengthening the agriclture sector.

He said that a committee, headed by the chief secretary, should be constituted
to present a comprehensive roadmap within a few days for development of
agriculture sector and welfare of farmers.

The agriculture secretary briefed the meeting on the measures proposed for the
development of agriculture sector. Ministers Rana Sanaullah, Bilal Yasin, Dr
Farrukh Javed, Mian Yawar Zaman, Dr Ayesha Ghaus Pasha, Muhammad Asif Malik,
Special Assistant to CM Arshad Jatt, CM's Adviser Ijaz Nabi, Chief Secretary
Captain (r) Zahid Saeed and the Planning and Development Board chairman were
also present.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            November 15, 2015 Sunday

Agriculture in media: Stay tuned!

LENGTH: 1189 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Nov. 15 -- Would you believe if I tell you Amitabh Bachhan has
recently become the Brand Ambassador of an Indian television channel for free? I
am sure you might be wondering about all the possible big names offering
traditional entertainment programmes or, maybe, about the Sony Television which
broadcasted his famous popular show "Kaun Baunega Crorepoti", the Indian version
of "Who wants to be a millionaire". Wrong! Now even farmers in India often start
their day watching their favourite actor who is inviting them to build a better
India through media.

DD Kisan, a 24/7 Indian agriculture programme, owned by Durdarshan was launched
on May 26, 2015 that solely focused on assisting farmers by providing real-time
inputs on farming techniques, water conversations and other agriculture-related
topics. The need and power of broadcast media evidently shone in a country like
India where a significant contribution of 17.9 per cent (Planning Commission,
Government of India, 2014) to GDP (gross domestic product) comes from
agriculture. In a country of 140 million farming households the TRP (television
rating point) of this channel shot up from 0.68 million in the 1st week to 5.0
million in the 4th week of broadcasting. Now this leads us to a country where
the agriculture sector employs 47.4 per cent of the total labour force (Labour
Force Report 2010, Bangladesh). This sets the platform for shedding spotlight on
the present scenario and potential of Bangladesh's agriculture in media.

Bangladesh has recently seen a faster transition of the media industry than any
time before. There are currently 27 public and private tv channels, 14 community
radios, 9 commercial radios and 21 major newspapers in Bangladesh to disseminate
information of all kinds. Out of these 27 channels, currently 8 regular
agriculture programmes are getting broadcasted on 7 television channels to cater
to the information demand of rural farmers. The picture might look grim compared
to India, but the evolution that took place in television media has the
tremendous amount of potentials in the pipeline. The impeccable need of
agriculture programmes in broadcast media has always been prioritised in an
agrarian country like Bangladesh. 'Mati O Manush'- the first ever agriculture
television programme in the history of Bangladesh, was one of the flagship
programme that brought people of all ages, of urban and rural genre, in front of
television sets. That spellbound feature, content and diversity might not
attract the current audience as before, but certainly it induced many
trendsetters to be commensurate with the previous benchmarks. Additionally, the
emergence of cable TV didn't only diverse the portfolio of the industry in terms
of agriculture programme format but herald a new era of building an agriculture
utopia. According to National Media and Demographic Survey (NMDS) 2013,
Bangladesh embraced a significant increase of 74 per cent in cable TV
penetration from 2005 to 2013 and the number is still growing. Hence this
evolution yielded some additional agriculture programmes in the portfolio of
Bangladesh's media industry. "Hridoye Mati o Manush" of Channel I, "Shyamol
Bangla" of Bangla Vision, "Shobuj Bangla" of Gazi TV and "Krishijog" of Ekattor
are some agriculture-based programmes that farmers refer to heavily when it
comes to information related to agriculture. The accentuating gesture of keeping
agriculture programmes even in the new channel's portfolio brings new prospects
and positivity towards agriculture programmes, which is a prerequisite to
enhance the agriculture programmes. For example, a new channel, Jamuna TV,
launched in April 2014 started broadcasting an agriculture programme named as
Bisleshon" from the very beginning.

The immense potential of using the power of media is often ignored in the
context of Bangladesh's agriculture. Most of the trendsetting agriculture
programmes were guided by passion, dedication and personal interest of some
prominent journalists who took agriculture journalism to a new level. But the
institutionalisation format to nurture agriculture journalism has always been
the missing block. The Department of TV and Film Studies at the University of
Dhaka is designing an agriculture journalism course, which will be launched in
2017. No wonder this form of journalism involves a certain level of field-savvy,
but some basic knowledge involving historical, geographical, economic and
reporting aspects offered through this designed course will make the journalists
repugnant about both agriculture and journalism. A greater understanding at the
threshold level would evolve a pool of inspired journalists, who will reflect
the potential and constraint of agriculture succinctly in future.

It is often argued that viewership of these agriculture programmes are not the
most shining one to invest more. A simple understanding on the population
distribution will help this stalemate situation of viewership. Currently, 66 per
cent (World Bank, 2014) of population is residing in the rural part of
Bangladesh. A good portion of the human resource is directly or indirectly
engaged in agriculture industry. Thus, dedicated programmes reflecting a
specific genre, agriculture, are expected to have a good extent of acceptance
and viewership. An internal study conducted by Katalyst, a market development
project, on 2000 farmers show that 56 per cent farmers watch agriculture
programmes. Since Television Rating Point (TRP) has always been a key indicator
of viewership, advertisers were formidably looking out for the data. Previously,
the meters installed only in urban areas obviously are understating the real
viewership of Bangladesh, since it excluded rural audiences who are mostly the
viewers of agriculture programmes. This spurious conundrum is about to end,
since MRB Bangladesh, the only service provider of daily TV viewership data, has
recently partnered with Katalyst and installed TRP meters in rural areas of
Bangladesh. Thus, different market players like agriculture input companies and
FMCGs now can also use rural viewership data to formulate their business and
promotion strategies.

Breaking the status quo and coming up with new ideas involve a series of work
continued by different stakeholders. Government agencies to television channels
to academics, policymakers and even farmers need to work hand in hand to make
the possible change that will benefit farmers and thus people of Bangladesh.
Having the set vision of building a Digital Bangladesh, the last and most
foolish thing to do would be keeping broadcast media away from agriculture. The
enormous power and contribution of agriculture and media need to be utilised to
crown our Bangladesh as one of the developed countries, as we dream of.

To do so, stay tuned!

The author works as Business Consultant in Information Channel Sector of
Katalyst.

Email- md.naibur.rahman@gmail.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Early Times (India)

                              June 2, 2013 Sunday

Coordination between SKUAST, extension departments vital for sustainability in
Agriculture: Mir

LENGTH: 565 words

DATELINE: SRINAGAR


SRINAGAR, June 2 -- Minister for Agriculture, Mr Ghulam Hassan Mir today said
that Agriculture universities and extension departments have to make coordinated
efforts for bringing sustainability in agriculture sector with introduction of
farmer friendly research programmes.

The Minister said this while addressing a one- day State Level Joint Committee
Meeting of Agriculture universities & Extension agencies held here this
afternoon.

The Minister said that the need of the hour is to bring greater synergy between
Research and Extension fields of agriculture universities and Extension
Departments to address the issues confronting the farming community at the field
level. He said that the state lagged behind in agriculture innovations in past
because the stake holders of agriculture and its allied sectors worked in
isolation adding that as soon as "I resume the charge of Agriculture Ministry,
every step have been taken to bring all the stake holders on one platform and
this has helped the farmers in enhancing production, productivity and its
marketing". Mr Mir said that the objective of holding the joint meetings of
various fields of agriculture universities and the extension departments of the
State Government was to ensure greater interactions to give impetus to research
and extension activities so that difficulties confronting farming community at
the field level are resolved. He said this would help the researchers to go for
need based and areas specific research and would help the stake holders in the
agriculture sector to boost the agriculture activities as per the aspiration of
farming community.

Appreciating the role of two agriculture universities of the State in different
fields of agriculture and its allied sectors, the Minister called upon them to
enhance coordination between KVK's, and extension departments adding that much
more research needs to be done in certain some specific areas like saffron,
horticulture, apiculture etc. in which J&K can lead the country at national and
global level. Saying the global warming has affected whole world, Mr Mir asked
the researchers to produce such varieties that will require less irrigation for
cultivation besides having better yield and quality to thrive in today's
competitive market world over. He said that "farmers are working hard to achieve
maximum out of agriculture profession adding that it is the duty of universities
to introduce such varieties which are low volume and high cost. He said this
would help to make agriculture an economically viable activity which would help
to motivate the educated youth to opt it as means to earn their livelihood in a
dignified manner.

Vice Chancellor SKUAST-K, Prof. Teij Partap, Commissioner Secretary Agriculture
Production, Dr. Asgar Samoon, Director Resarch SKUAST-K, Mohammad Shafiq Wani,
Director CSWRI Avkinagar, Director Extension SKUAST-K, Dr. Afiefa Kamali,
Director Agriculture, Jammu, Mr Ajay Khujuria , Director Agriculture, Kashmir,
Peerzada Mushtaq Ahmad, Director Sericulture, Mr. Dhanvir Singh, MD J&K Agro
Industries Corporation, Abdul Majeed Bhat and other senior officers of SKUAST-K,
ICAR and extension departments were present in the meeting.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Early Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Early Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                             June 1, 2013 Saturday

Coordination between SKUAST, extension departments vital for sustainability in
Agriculture: Mir

LENGTH: 564 words

DATELINE: SRINAGAR


SRINAGAR, June 1 -- Minister for Agriculture, Mr Ghulam Hassan Mir today said
that Agriculture universities and extension departments have to make coordinated
efforts for bringing sustainability in agriculture sector with introduction of
farmer friendly research programmes.

The Minister said this while addressing a one- day State Level Joint Committee
Meeting of Agriculture universities & Extension agencies held here this
afternoon.

The Minister said that the need of the hour is to bring greater synergy between
Research and Extension fields of agriculture universities and Extension
Departments to address the issues confronting the farming community at the field
level. He said that the state lagged behind in agriculture innovations in past
because the stake holders of agriculture and its allied sectors worked in
isolation adding that as soon as "I resume the charge of Agriculture Ministry,
every step have been taken to bring all the stake holders on one platform and
this has helped the farmers in enhancing production, productivity and its
marketing".

Mr Mir said that the objective of holding the joint meetings of various fields
of agriculture universities and the extension departments of the State
Government was to ensure greater interactions to give impetus to research and
extension activities so that difficulties confronting farming community at the
field level are resolved. He said this would help the researchers to go for need
based and areas specific research and would help the stake holders in the
agriculture sector to boost the agriculture activities as per the aspiration of
farming community.

Appreciating the role of two agriculture universities of the State in different
fields of agriculture and its allied sectors, the Minister called upon them to
enhance coordination between KVK's, and extension departments adding that much
more research needs to be done in certain some specific areas like saffron,
horticulture, apiculture etc. in which J&K can lead the country at national and
global level.

Saying the global warming has affected whole world, Mr Mir asked the researchers
to produce such varieties that will require less irrigation for cultivation
besides having better yield and quality to thrive in today's competitive market
world over. He said that "farmers are working hard to achieve maximum out of
agriculture profession adding that it is the duty of universities to introduce
such varieties which are low volume and high cost. He said this would help to
make agriculture an economically viable activity which would help to motivate
the educated youth to opt it as means to earn their livelihood in a dignified
manner.

Vice Chancellor SKUAST-K, Prof. Teij Partap, Commissioner Secretary Agriculture
Production, Dr. Asgar Samoon, Director Resarch SKUAST-K, Mohammad Shafiq Wani,
Director CSWRI Avkinagar, Director Extension SKUAST-K, Dr. Afiefa Kamali,
Director Agriculture, Jammu, Mr Ajay Khujuria , Director Agriculture, Kashmir,
Peerzada Mushtaq Ahmad, Director Sericulture, Dhanvir Singh, MD J&K Agro
Industries Corporation, Abdul Majeed Bhat and other senior officers of SKUAST-K,
ICAR and extension departments were present in the meeting.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Images. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            December 4, 2012 Tuesday

Media: CM launches KPK Mechanized Farming Project

LENGTH: 487  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


Chief Minister Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KPK) Amir Haider Khan Hoti has formally
launched KPK Mechanized Farming Project at Tarnab Farm on Monday. Hoti said that
the project and KPK agriculture policy will prove harbinger of progress in
active government functionaries, financial improvement of farmers and progress
in agriculture production. He said that the project will make available modern
technology, environment and facilities to enable farmers to yield more
production from their limited areas.

The CM said that government's responsibilities in agriculture enhanced sector
due to 18th amendment, agriculture policy congruent to modern needs was needed.
He said that 10 years agriculture policy with assistance of F.A.O, has been
prepared bearing self-sufficiency in agriculture and achievement of priorities
in mind, adding, implementation on the policy has commenced. He said that under
the policy farmers will be provided with modern technology at subsidized rates
and other benefits and facilities. He said that resources will be provided to
Model Farms Services Center in the form of endowment fund. The province has
taken the lead in preparing agriculture policy at national and provincial level
under which guidance will be provided to agriculture sector for coming 10 years.
He said that agriculture has a role of backbone in provincial economy and our
rural development depended 80% on agriculture. He said that the present
government has allocated Rs. 2 billion to agriculture for achieving self
sufficiency in agriculture this year but the previous government has allocated
Rs.322 million. He said that the present government was committed for removal of
darkness of ignorance through light of knowledge, adding, establishment of eight
universities, scholarships for intelligent students, financial assistance to
students of far flung areas through public private partnership, financial
assistance to families for girl's education in Torghar and Kohistan districts
and other programs reflect this commitment of the government. He said that
future of the province was linked to investment in hydel power, oil and gas and
agriculture. He approved construction of road from GT Road to Tarnab Farm and
issued directives to concerned authorities in this connection. The CM
distributed endowment funds cheques among representatives of different farms
services centers and offered honorary certificates to prominent agriculture
scientists and officers and personnel of livestock and agriculture departments.
Secretary Agriculture Department, Muhammad Afsar Khan presented the welcome
address, while project manager F.A.O David Dolan threw detailed light on crux of
agriculture policy. Provincial ministers Arbab Muahammad Ayub Jan and Haji
Hidayat Ullah Khan also addressed the gathering. Earlier the CM launched
mechanized farming project by cutting the ribbon. He inspected modern
agriculture machinery and exhibition.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              June 29, 2012 Friday

Speakers call for revival,promotion of sustainable agriculture

LENGTH: 563  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


  Speakers at seminar called for revival of  promotion of sustainable
agriculture in Pakistan to minimize climate change impacts.They said that there
 was need for setting up of market infrastructure for promotion of organic
produce. One-day seminar "Discourse on Sustainable Agriculture: Civil society
and farmers views" was organized by Damaan Development Organisation with the
collaboration of Sustainable Agriculture Action Group (SAAG), ActionAid, and
Sungi Development Foundation.  The objective of the seminar was to explore
different models of  Sustainable agriculture, challenges and opportunities,
loss of traditional knowledge, impact on farmers and food security. Shoaib
Aziz, Project Manager Damaan Development Organization  highlighted impact of
climate change on sustainable agriculture and called for revival and promotion
of sustainable agriculture. He said since climate change is big threat to
Pakistan, therefore, farmers should practice traditional knowledge and improve
food security through sustainable agriculture.  He said increasing population
and decreasing resources may pose threat  for our future generation. He said
that there is need for setting up of market infrastructure for the promotion of
 organic produce.  Mehnaz Ajmal Paracha from Oxfam Novib said that present
agriculture  system is creating in equality and food insecurity. She said 40
percent of people are food insecure in Pakistan and small farmers have no say
in decision making. She pointed out that farmers are not getting their rights
under labour laws. She lamented that large farmers have representation in
legislation process and getting all benefits from the government but
agriculture is no longer profitable for small farmers and farmers is abandoning
 agriculture and migrating to cities. She called for organizing of farmers
association so that they could fight for their rights. Nasir Aziz, policy
officer from ActionAid cited success stories of  many countries regarding
sustainable agriculture. He said the promotion of sustainable agriculture not
only saving environment but also boost farmers income.  He said farmers from
India are earning billion of rupees through promotion of organic produces. He
also highlighted some sustainable agriculture model in Pakistan but he lamented
 that lack of enabling environment is discouraging practices of sustainable
agriculture by small farmers.  Tariq Mehmood, president Kissan Ittehad said
that agriculture share in  GDP is decreasing as agriculture for small farmer is
 no longer profitable. The input cost has increased manifold but prices are not
 catching up with that pace as result farmers are trapped in the clutches of
vicious circle and thus poverty increased. He said farmers want to practice
sustainable agriculture but multinational companies with the collaboration of
government crating antagonist environment and promoting geneticclay modified
organisms which are detrimental for environment, agriculture and food security.
 Khadim Hussain from SAAG highlighted the role of civil society for the
promotion of agriculture. He said Corporate Agriculture Farming is posing big
threat to traditional farming since multinational companies are grabbing land
and promoting mono-cropping culture. He said that SAAG and other partner NGOS
are striving hard for awareness creation and promotion of Sustainable
Agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            January 17, 2010 Sunday

Pakistan: Officials reshuffled

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Jan. 17 -- LAHORE-- THE Punjab government on Saturday issued
transfer/posting orders for several officials.According to a DGPR handout, Ali
Cheema, executive district officer (EDO), Agriculture, Narowal, has been
transferred and directed to report to the Agriculture Department for further
posting.Mashkoor Ahmad, EDO, agriculture, Rahim Yar Khan, has been reverted as
district officer, agriculture (Ext), due to unavailability of the post of
director of agriculture, extension (Hqr), EDO (Agri) BS-19, and upon reversion,
he has been transferred and posted as EDO, agriculture, Narowal.Maqbool Ahmad
Leghari, presently working as EDO, agriculture, Chiniot, has been promoted to
the post of director of agriculture, extension, (Hqr), EDO (Agri) BS-19, on
regular basis and has been transferred and posted as EDO, agriculture, Rahim Yar
Khan. Muhammad Afzal Bhatti, DD (SS) (PP), AR Farm, DG Khan, has been
transferred and posted as EDO, agriculture, DG Khan, vice Mushtaq Ahmad who has
been directed to report to the Agriculture Department.Rana Farman Ali, presently
working as EDO, agriculture, Faisalabad, has been promoted to the post of
director of agriculture, extension, (Hqr)/EDO (Agri) BS-19 on regular basis and
upon such promotion, he has been allowed to continue at his present place of
posting.Rao Abdul Aleem, presently working as EDO, agriculture, Sahiwal, has
been promoted to the post of director of agriculture, extension, (Hqr)/EDO
(Agri) BS-19, on regular basis and upon promotion, he has been allowed to
continue at his present place of posting.Rana Basharat Ali Siddiqui, presently
working as EDO, agriculture, Hafizabad, has been promoted to the post of
director of agriculture, extension (Hqr)/EDO (Agri) BS-19, on regular basis and
upon promotion, he has been allowed to continue at his present place of
posting.Dr Raafea Tafweez Kureshi, associate professor of anatomy (awaiting
posting), in Health Department, Lahore, has been appointed as professor of
anatomy (BS-20) on current charge basis at the Fatima Jinnah Medical College,
Lahore, against an existing vacancy for a period of one year or till the arrival
of a regular incumbent through promotion on regular /officiating/acting charge
basis or on contract basis, whichever is earlier.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For more
information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

October is agriculture month in Saskatchewan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 369 words


As part of their commitment to keep agriculture a priority, the Government of
Saskatchewan has declared October to be Agriculture Month in Saskatchewan. It's
an opportunity to once again acknowledge the ongoing importance of agriculture
in the province traditionally known as the bread basket of the world.

"Agriculture Month is an opportunity to recognize the wide-ranging importance of
agriculture not only to the province but also well beyond our borders," comments
Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Lyle Stewart. "The agriculture and agri-food
industry is a vital contributor to the Saskatchewan economy, employing more than
50,000 people and accounting for 7.5 per cent of the provincial GDP.
Saskatchewan's agriculture industry is also helping to meet the growing global
demand for food."

International agricultural exports reached a record $11 billion dollars last
year. Eighteen different countries accounted for over $100 million each.

As many in Saskatchewan can attest, agriculture is not just big business, but a
way of life. With 98 per cent of Canadian farms family-owned and operated*,
ensuring a healthy agricultural sector affects the lives of families across
Canada, but especially here in Saskatchewan.

According to CropLife Canada world food demand is expected to grow 70 per cent
by 2050. This represents an unprecedented opportunity for agriculture in
Saskatchewan as traditional markets expand and new markets come on board.

Agriculture has a bright future and many opportunities in Saskatchewan. The jobs
created across the province in farming, ranching, research, processing, finance
and other areas demand well-trained graduates and entrepreneurs who share a
passion for agriculture.

"Throughout Agriculture Month our Government wants to highlight the many
opportunities in agriculture for young people considering their career options.
Whether interests lie with business, engineering or the trades, working in
agriculture comes with the promise of a bright future and the opportunity to
help feed the world," adds Stewart.

To follow developments in this dynamic sector throughout October, you can stay
connected on Twitter @SKGovAG.

*The Real Dirt on Farming II, Food & Farm Care Ontario, 2010.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Starphoenix File Photo;  The Government of Saskatchewan has declared
October Agriculture Month in Saskatchewan - a chance to celebrate an industry
which exported a record $11 billion dollars to international markets last year.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                            January 31, 2017 Tuesday

Agric colleges to stop admitting students not interested in farming careers

BYLINE: Philip Nwosu

LENGTH: 587 words


Notice: Undefined index: layout_id in
/var/www/vhosts/sunnews/wp-content/themes/fastnews/library/front.ph p on line
1663
The Federal Government says it is banning the admission of students who do not
have farming interests from universities of Agriculture. Chief Audu Ogbeh, the
Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, said this at a stakeholders
meeting with registrars and pro-Chancellors of the universities in Abuja on
Tuesday, January 31. He said the decision was to...

The Federal Government says it is banning the admission of students who do not
have farming interests from universities of Agriculture.

Chief Audu Ogbeh, the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, said this
at a stakeholders meeting with registrars and pro-Chancellors of the
universities in Abuja on Tuesday, January 31.

He said the decision was to reposition the institutions with a view to involving
youths in agriculture, training them to proffer solutions to the multi-faceted
problems in the sector.

The minister, who expressed regrets that non-agriculture-based courses like
engineering were being taught in the schools, directed that only agriculture
-related disciplines be thought.

Ogbeh said the Federal Government's decision to relocate its three Universities
of Agriculture from the Federal Ministry of Education to Agriculture was to
refocus the schools as globally acclaimed citadels to move the agriculture
sector forward.

He assured the universities that the government would actively support them by
providing funds and grants to assist in research to move the agriculture sector
forward.

"The domiciliation of the universities in this ministry is a commendable effort
by the Federal Government based on sound reasoning and logic.

"Your return will effectively help us to reposition the three universities of
agriculture as centres of excellence for the rapid development of the
agriculture sector.

"There is no place where the competence and capacity to drive agriculture
resides outside the Universities of Agriculture. We need to achieve a
hunger-free Nigeria.

"Henceforth, students who are not interested in becoming farmers should be made
to seek admission elsewhere.

"We are determined to offer you the necessary support for your transformation,
for research for a healthier realm of discovery and self-actualisation,'' the
minister said.

Mr Mohammed Munguno, the Chairman, House Committee on Agricultural Production
and Services, advocated a bill to establish the National Universities
Agricultural Commission to regulate operations of the Universities of
Agriculture.

He said that the National Assembly would amend their rules to make sure that the
universities were adequately domiciled in the ministry for effective monitoring
by the assembly.

"There is need either through an executive bill or bill to be sponsored by the
House and Senate Committees on Agriculture for the establishment of the National
Universities of Agricultural Commission.

"The commission will be charged with the responsibility of regulating the
universities of agriculture to effectively perform their statutory roles in
tandem with the laws establishing them,'' Munguno said.

Prof. Anya O. Anya, the Pro-Chancellor of the Micheal Okpara University of
Agriculture, Umudike, Abia, applauded the Federal Government for the relocation.

Anya, who raised concern over disconnect with the science and practice of
agriculture in the country, expressed hope that the domiciliation of the
universities in the ministry would reposition the sector.

(Source: NAN)

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2017 The Sun Publishing Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Senators for taking appropriate steps to boost country's agriculture sector

SECTION: Vol. 39 No. 274

LENGTH: 1011  words


Senators on Monday urged to take appropriate steps at all levels to boost
country's agriculture sector and making farmers' friendly policies to attain
maximum agriculture yield.

They were participating in the discussion in the Upper House on 'Multiple
problems being faced by agriculture sector in the country.'

Senator Taj Haider moved the motion to discuss the matter in the  House.

Participating in the discussion, Senator Taj Haider said that  there should be
proper policies for

agriculture sector  as local farmers  were facing several problems. He said that
progress in the agriculture  was not possible without giving benefits to
farmers.

He said all options should be considered to improve the agriculture sector.
There was a need of land reforms in the country, he added.

Senator Mohsin Leghari said that input cost in agriculture was high in the
country which needs to be reviewed. He added due to this situation, farmers were
facing hardships.

He said that credit availability for farmers should be improved to get better
inputs besides taking others steps to encourage farmers.

Senator Lt Gen Abdul Qayyum urged for food availability, accessibility of food
and utilization

and sustainability of food production in the country.

He said that water resources should be improved and water wastage be avoided in
the country.

He said that in this new era, agriculture was still being considered  as
backbone of economy of any country. He urged to guide the provinces so that they
had maximum water and other resources to boost agriculture sector.

Senator Usman Kakar said land reforms were must to develop agriculture sector.
He added relevant laws related with agriculture sector needed to be changed and
made more farmers' friendly.

He said that subsidy should be given even on diesel to facilitate the farmers.
He said maximum production could be achieved with innovative steps besides
focusing on research activities.

He said that mark-up on bank credit for agriculture sector should be reduced so
that the relevant people could avail that facility and use the amount for
boosting agriculture sector.

He said that efforts should be made in search of international market for sale
of locally produced fruits and vegetables. He added training should be arranged
for local farmers while there should be no load shedding for agriculture sector.

Senator Jahanzeb Jamaldeeni said that agriculture was the backbone of country's
economy which should be the main focus of policies. He added for agriculture
development in Balochistan province, concrete steps were required at all level.

He said there was no system of water reservation in Balochistan and urged to
build more dams to store water for its proper

utilization. He  said that farmers' friendly policies should be made
particularly for Balochistan province.

Senator Mir Kabeer said that canal system was better in all provinces except
Balochistan province which should be improved. He said due to unavailability of
canal system in the province, local farmers were facing various difficulties.

He said that due to that situation, the rural population was gradually shifting
to urban areas to earn for their family. He said with proper farmers' friendly
policies, the local agriculture sector could be  developed.

Senator Kalsoom Parveen said that nine districts of Balochistan had good
production of olive oil, which had great demand in the Middle East.

She said Pakistan Agriculture Research Council (PARC) should consider this
aspect and make plans in this regard.

Senator Mohsin Nazeer said that ingredients which were essential for boosting
agriculture sector including availability of credit for farmers,  research on
using quality seeds and encouraging farmers to use scientific way of farming to
attain maximum production.  Senator Ilyas Balour said that more dams were the
need of the hour for improving water storage capacity. He said that concrete
policies should be made for improvement of agriculture sector.

Senator M Hamza said availability of water was must in agriculture sector. He
said canal system was there but there was a need to further improve this system
to ensure providing water to extreme end.

He said that such policies should be initiated which were farmers' friendly to
get better results from them.

Senator Rehman Malik said steps should be taken to get maximum agriculture
yield.

He suggested that public-private sector partnership should be

encouraged in Balochistan province to boost agriculture sector there. He said
that policies should be made to stop water wastages in Balochistan

and other provinces to give better future to next generation.  Senator Siraj ul
Haq supported farmers' friendly policies with focus on more subsidies for
farmers. He said that the government should take steps to utilize maximum land
for agriculture purpose.

Senator Nehal Hashmi said that many agriculture universities working

on the subject should be directed to support this sector with latest research.
He said that the management of canal system should be improved

in the country.

He said that better seeds should be used keeping in view the research based
identification of land. He said more focus should be on building

farms to market roads for farmers besides water management.  He said that the
Prime Minister has announced best agriculture package for farmers, which will
help boosting this sector. He said that this issue should be taken on
professional basis not on political basis.  Senator Ghafoor Haidri said that
such policies should be made which were agriculture friendly and ensuring help
to poor segment of the society.

He added the government should particularly support farmers of Balochistan
province.

Senator Mukhtar Aijaz Dhamra said that availability of water was the main factor
behind boosting the agriculture sector. He added appropriate steps were required
for improving water storage plans in the country.

He said small dams should be built while loans should be properly utilized and
provided to the relevant people rather than landlords.

He said  that land reforms were the need of the hour.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            August 15, 2015 Saturday

What's in a name? Ask ministry of agriculture

BYLINE: Banikinkar Pattanayak

LENGTH: 464  words


WHAT'S IN a name? A lot. At least, that's what successive governments at the
Centre seem to suggest.

WHAT'S IN a name? A lot. At least, that's what successive governments at the
Centre seem to suggest. Henceforth, the ministry of agriculture will be called
the ministry of agriculture & farmers' welfare, PM Narendra Modi
(http://www.financialexpress.com/tag/narendra-modi/) declared on Saturday in his
Independence Day speech, adding the well-being of peasants was as important as
the growth of agriculture.

The state of Indian agriculture has undergone a sea change since independence,
and so has its most visible face in the national capital - the 68-year-old
ministry of agriculture in Krishi Bhavan. However, the changes to the latter
have mostly been in its names, as per the convenience of the ruling
dispensation, political equations and, of course, the ease of governance.

So while the Modi government isn't the first one to change the name of the
ministry since its formal christening as the ministry of agriculture in August
1947 from the erstwhile department of agriculture, but his would be the first
one since 1991 to do so.

Some analysts, however, view the name change as an attempt by the government to
be seen as pro-farmer rather than pro-rich, as the Opposition has tried to
portray it since the beginning. They say such an image makeover is essential,
especially when the government is trying to drum up support for its land
acquisition Bill (http://www.financialexpress.com/tag/land-acquisition-bill/).
Farmer leaders, meanwhile, expect more than just the name change to be
re-assured of the NDA government's intent on farmer welfare.

Since 1947, the name of the ministry has been changed to the ministry of food &
agriculture (1951), the ministry of food, agriculture, community development and
co-operation (1966), the ministry of agriculture (1971), the ministry of
agriculture and irrigation (1974), ministry of agriculture (1980), the ministry
of agriculture and rural re-construction (January 1985) and the ministry of
agriculture and rural development (September 1985).

In July 1991, the department of fertilisers was transferred from the ministry of
agriculture and rural development to the newly-established ministry of chemicals
and fertilisers, and the department of rural development was segregated to form
another ministry. So, the parent ministry was again named as the ministry of
agriculture having three departments: the department of agriculture &
co-operation, the department of agricultural research and education and the
department of animal husbandry and dairying. While the name of the ministry has
remained the same since 1991, its composition, just like in earlier decades, was
at times tweaked around to insert or part with certain departments.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Oman News Agency (ONA)

                            October 29, 2013 Tuesday

Agriculture and Fisheries Development Fund Board Considers 16 Applications for
Funding

LENGTH: 405 words


Muscat, Oct 29 (ONA)---The Board of Agriculture and Fisheries Development Fund
considered 16 new applications for funding a number of agriculture, animal and
fisheries projects, worth  RO 2,158,428.     During its second meeting for this
year, which was chaired by Dr. Fouad bin Jaafar Sajwani, Minister of Agriculture
and Fisheries and Chairman of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries Development
Fund, the board discussed a number of related projects including the executive
status of the ongoing projects, which were funded by the Fund namely 17
agriculture projects worth RO 3,318,882 and 11 animal projects worth  RO
1,435,440 as well as 17 fisheries projects worth RO 3,226,680. The projects aim
at promoting the agriculture and fisheries sector.     Dr. Sajwani affirmed that
the Fund, since establishment vide the Royal Decree No. 48/2004, managed to
achieve the aims behind its establishment.     It is worth mentioning that the
Agriculture and Fisheries Development Fund provides finance to agriculture,
animal and fisheries projects at all governorates in the Sultanate. It also
provides subsidy and development programs in the field of agriculture and
fisheries researches.  ----Ends/MS/FS     Muscat, Oct 29 (ONA)---The Board of
Agriculture and Fisheries Development Fund considered 16 new applications for
funding a number of agriculture, animal and fisheries projects, worth  RO
2,158,428.       During its second meeting for this year, which was chaired by
Dr. Fouad bin Jaafar Sajwani, Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and Chairman
of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries Development Fund, the board discussed
a number of related projects including the executive status of the ongoing
projects, which were funded by the Fund namely 17 agriculture projects worth RO
3,318,882 and 11 animal projects worth  RO 1,435,440 as well as 17 fisheries
projects worth RO 3,226,680. The projects aim at promoting the agriculture and
fisheries sector.     Dr. Sajwani affirmed that the Fund, since establishment
vide the Royal Decree No. 48/2004, managed to achieve the aims behind its
establishment.     It is worth mentioning that the Agriculture and Fisheries
Development Fund provides finance to agriculture, animal and fisheries projects
at all governorates in the Sultanate. It also provides subsidy and development
programs in the field of agriculture and fisheries researches.  ----Ends/MS/FS


Oman News Agency.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 389


                        Copyright 2013 Oman News Agency
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             April 19, 2013 Friday

Pakistan: Parties urged to focus on agriculture

LENGTH: 486 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, April 19 -- The political parties have mentioned agriculture in their
election manifestoes 2013 but no practical action was seen to protect it
ignoring the fact that this sector guaranteed the national food security.

These views were expressed by the discussants in Jang Economic Session on 'how
agriculture sector sees the election slogans of the political parties', here on
Wednesday. The panellists were Chairman Economics Department Punjab University
Dr Hafeez-ur-Rehman, Jamshed Cheema, Hamid Malhi, Rukhsana Zafar and Akthar Mayo
while hosted by Sikandar Hameed Lodhi and Intikhab Tariq.

Dr Hafeez-ur-Rehman said that the agriculture sector was providing highest
employment and supplying raw material to industries.

He believed that the policies should be made while keeping the importance of
agriculture sector in sight but political parties tried to run the affairs with
ad hoc policies. He said developed countries people happily pay taxes due to the
facilities given to them while in Pakistan public consider the taxes a burden
due to missing facilities.

Jamshed Cheema said that agriculture ensure food security and provide cheap food
to public so that government should not deal it as business. He said agriculture
sector was facing substandard seeds, taxes, value addition and non-subsidised
agri inputs issues. He said China was making huge money by value addition of
agriculture sector produce but in Pakistan agriculture sector was ignored again
by political parties. He said that the PTI also focused on energy, education and
health sector.

Hamid Malhi said that 16 per cent GST was imposed on agriculture sector while
political parties did not give importance to agriculture sector in their
manifestos. He said PTI had voiced to construct Kalabagh Dam but did not discuss
it in its manifesto while PML-N has mentioned to grant MFN status to India but
did not give plan to compete with strong Indian agriculture sector.

Rukhsana Zafar said that 80 to 90 per cent of rural women were attached with
agriculture sector but political parties ignored them again. She said India has
limited land holding size to 12 acres but their agriculture sector was growing.
She said the political parties should announce agriculture reforms in their
manifestos.

Akthar Mayo said industrial sector was given preference on agriculture sector
since after creation of Pakistan which badly hit the latter. He said agriculture
sector subsidy was limited to few people while political parties just make
promises for agriculture sector growth. He said if agriculture sector would be
given attention Punjab could become house of food. He said agriculture sector
save the country of economic restriction after atomic blasts Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             April 19, 2013 Friday

Pakistan: Political parties urged to include agriculture reforms in manifestos

LENGTH: 486 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, April 19 -- The political parties have mentioned agriculture in their
election manifestoes 2013 but no practical action was seen to protect it
ignoring the fact that this sector guaranteed the national food security.

These views were expressed by the discussants in Jang Economic Session on 'how
agriculture sector sees the election slogans of the political parties', here on
Wednesday. The panellists were Chairman Economics Department Punjab University
Dr Hafeez-ur-Rehman, Jamshed Cheema, Hamid Malhi, Rukhsana Zafar and Akthar Mayo
while hosted by Sikandar Hameed Lodhi and Intikhab Tariq.

Dr Hafeez-ur-Rehman said that the agriculture sector was providing highest
employment and supplying raw material to industries. He believed that the
policies should be made while keeping the importance of agriculture sector in
sight but political parties tried to run the affairs with ad hoc policies. He
said developed countries people happily pay taxes due to the facilities given to
them while in Pakistan public consider the taxes a burden due to missing
facilities.

Jamshed Cheema said that agriculture ensure food security and provide cheap food
to public so that government should not deal it as business. He said agriculture
sector was facing substandard seeds, taxes, value addition and non-subsidised
agri inputs issues. He said China was making huge money by value addition of
agriculture sector produce but in Pakistan agriculture sector was ignored again
by political parties. He said that the PTI also focused on energy, education and
health sector.

Hamid Malhi said that 16 per cent GST was imposed on agriculture sector while
political parties did not give importance to agriculture sector in their
manifestos. He said PTI had voiced to construct Kalabagh Dam but did not discuss
it in its manifesto while PML-N has mentioned to grant MFN status to India but
did not give plan to compete with strong Indian agriculture sector.

Rukhsana Zafar said that 80 to 90 per cent of rural women were attached with
agriculture sector but political parties ignored them again. She said India has
limited land holding size to 12 acres but their agriculture sector was growing.
She said the political parties should announce agriculture reforms in their
manifestos.

Akthar Mayo said industrial sector was given preference on agriculture sector
since after creation of Pakistan which badly hit the latter. He said agriculture
sector subsidy was limited to few people while political parties just make
promises for agriculture sector growth. He said if agriculture sector would be
given attention Punjab could become house of food. He said agriculture sector
save the country of economic restriction after atomic blasts Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday

Political parties urged to include agriculture reforms in manifestos

LENGTH: 449  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


The political parties have mentioned agriculture in their election manifestoes
2013 but no practical action was seen to protect it ignoring the fact that this
sector guaranteed the national food security.



These views were expressed by the discussants in Jang Economic Session on 'how
agriculture sector sees the election slogans of the political parties', here on
Wednesday. The panellists were Chairman Economics Department Punjab University
Dr Hafeez-ur-Rehman, Jamshed Cheema, Hamid Malhi, Rukhsana Zafar and Akthar Mayo
while hosted by Sikandar Hameed Lodhi and Intikhab Tariq.

Dr Hafeez-ur-Rehman said that the agriculture sector was providing highest
employment and supplying raw material to industries. He believed that the
policies should be made while keeping the importance of agriculture sector in
sight but political parties tried to run the affairs with ad hoc policies. He
said developed countries people happily pay taxes due to the facilities given to
them while in Pakistan public consider the taxes a burden due to missing
facilities.

Jamshed Cheema said that agriculture ensure food security and provide cheap food
to public so that government should not deal it as business. He said agriculture
sector was facing substandard seeds, taxes, value addition and non-subsidised
agri inputs issues. He said China was making huge money by value addition of
agriculture sector produce but in Pakistan agriculture sector was ignored again
by political parties. He said that the PTI also focused on energy, education and
health sector.

Hamid Malhi said that 16 per cent GST was imposed on agriculture sector while
political parties did not give importance to agriculture sector in their
manifestos. He said PTI had voiced to construct Kalabagh Dam but did not discuss
it in its manifesto while PML-N has mentioned to grant MFN status to India but
did not give plan to compete with strong Indian agriculture sector.

Rukhsana Zafar said that 80 to 90 per cent of rural women were attached with
agriculture sector but political parties ignored them again. She said India has
limited land holding size to 12 acres but their agriculture sector was growing.
She said the political parties should announce agriculture reforms in their
manifestos.

Akthar Mayo said industrial sector was given preference on agriculture sector
since after creation of Pakistan which badly hit the latter. He said agriculture
sector subsidy was limited to few people while political parties just make
promises for agriculture sector growth. He said if agriculture sector would be
given attention Punjab could become house of food. He said agriculture sector
save the country of economic restriction after atomic blasts.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday

Parties urged to focus on agriculture

LENGTH: 449  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


The political parties have mentioned agriculture in their election manifestoes
2013 but no practical action was seen to protect it ignoring the fact that this
sector guaranteed the national food security.



These views were expressed by the discussants in Jang Economic Session on 'how
agriculture sector sees the election slogans of the political parties', here on
Wednesday. The panellists were Chairman Economics Department Punjab University
Dr Hafeez-ur-Rehman, Jamshed Cheema, Hamid Malhi, Rukhsana Zafar and Akthar Mayo
while hosted by Sikandar Hameed Lodhi and Intikhab Tariq.

Dr Hafeez-ur-Rehman said that the agriculture sector was providing highest
employment and supplying raw material to industries.

He believed that the policies should be made while keeping the importance of
agriculture sector in sight but political parties tried to run the affairs with
ad hoc policies. He said developed countries people happily pay taxes due to the
facilities given to them while in Pakistan public consider the taxes a burden
due to missing facilities.

Jamshed Cheema said that agriculture ensure food security and provide cheap food
to public so that government should not deal it as business. He said agriculture
sector was facing substandard seeds, taxes, value addition and non-subsidised
agri inputs issues. He said China was making huge money by value addition of
agriculture sector produce but in Pakistan agriculture sector was ignored again
by political parties. He said that the PTI also focused on energy, education and
health sector.

Hamid Malhi said that 16 per cent GST was imposed on agriculture sector while
political parties did not give importance to agriculture sector in their
manifestos. He said PTI had voiced to construct Kalabagh Dam but did not discuss
it in its manifesto while PML-N has mentioned to grant MFN status to India but
did not give plan to compete with strong Indian agriculture sector.

Rukhsana Zafar said that 80 to 90 per cent of rural women were attached with
agriculture sector but political parties ignored them again. She said India has
limited land holding size to 12 acres but their agriculture sector was growing.
She said the political parties should announce agriculture reforms in their
manifestos.

Akthar Mayo said industrial sector was given preference on agriculture sector
since after creation of Pakistan which badly hit the latter. He said agriculture
sector subsidy was limited to few people while political parties just make
promises for agriculture sector growth. He said if agriculture sector would be
given attention Punjab could become house of food. He said agriculture sector
save the country of economic restriction after atomic blasts.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Farm Talk Newspaper (Parsons Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 3, 2010 Wednesday

Ag students have career options

BYLINE: Mary Lou Peter, Farm Talk Newspaper, Parsons, Kan.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1021 words


Feb. 3--Remember when the word "green" only described a color and terms like
"biofuels" and "urban agriculture" needed an explanation?

Plenty has changed over the years, and educating students for careers in
agriculture has changed right along with global agriculture, said Don Boggs,
Kansas State UniversityÂ´s associate dean of agriculture.

For many years K-State has trained students to move into production agriculture,
feed and flour mills, greenhouses, agri-businesses and more, Boggs said.

"People are always associating with the production side of agriculture, but they
often forget the input and post-harvest side. Many graduates choose careers in
marketing, value-added processing and the biosciences," he said.

"We need students with strong science and technical backgrounds," Boggs added,
citing the need for students to move into such fields as biotechnology,
molecular genetics, milling and bakery science and agricultural engineering.

Another change, he said, is the increased emphasis on sustainability: "Farmers
have always been good stewards of the land, but thereÂ´s more research now
devoted to ensuring that agricultural practices are environmentally sound."

Students also must learn the global aspects of agriculture. College of
Agriculture faculty and administrators now encourage students to participate in
international programs like never before. With about half of every Kansas wheat
crop exported to other countries and a strong emphasis on international
marketing of other commodities, Boggs said itÂ´s important for students to
understand the global marketplace--and where Kansas and the United States fit
in.

Agriculture students have opportunities to study abroad, either for a semester
or two or through shorter faculty-led study trips. In the past five years,
students have studied in France, Czech Republic, Netherlands, Costa Rica,
Germany, Australia, Mexico, China, South America and New Zealand.

In addition, K-StateÂ´s College of Agriculture has worked to build a more
diverse student population through outreach programs, some of which go directly
into urban centers. The idea is to explain to students who have no background in
agriculture, that there are opportunities not only in production agriculture but
also in such areas as food product development, biofuels, food safety and other
fields.

Recent university data show that less than one-third of the more than 2,000
students in K-StateÂ´s College of Agriculture have lived on a farm and 50
percent of this yearÂ´s incoming class is comprised of women. And Johnson
County, a suburban county in the Kansas City metropolitan area, represents the
College of AgricultureÂ´s largest single county enrollment.

Emily Surdez, a junior from Sabetha, Kan. is one of those students who did not
grow up on a farm. The agriculture communications and journalism major hopes to
become a book editor and possibly a motivational speaker upon graduation. She
has taken advantage of both an internship within the College of Agriculture and
studied in the Czech Republic through a K-State program.

"Two summers ago I had an internship with the College of Ag Academic Programs
office," Surdez said. "This allowed me to help with orientation and enrollment.
I was able to learn more about the wide array of students that make up the
College of Agriculture. It was neat to learn about their backgrounds and know
that people from any background have the ability to work and serve in the
agricultural industry."

The college has an Office for Diversity Programs and a student chapter of
Minorities in Agriculture, Natural Resources and Related Sciences, also referred
to as MANRRS. Just under eight percent of the agriculture student body is
ethnically diverse. Programs such as the MAPS Summer Bridge Program, Kauffman
Program and Cargill Project Impact are ways in which high school students can
learn about college life and majors in agriculture.

"Through the Kauffman and Cargill programs, weÂ´ve brought hundreds of students
to K-State to learn about being a college student and majoring in the College of
Agriculture," Boggs said in describing some of the programs. In addition, many
of the Recreational and Resource Programs attract non-traditional students.
Programs such as Golf Course Management, Landscape Design, Sports Turf
Management, Park Management and Conservation, and Wildlife and Outdoor
Enterprise Management are attracting students to the College of Agriculture who
may not have considered being an agriculture major a few years ago.

He said that even in the current economic downturn, employment prospects for
agriculture majors are fairly good. He noted that at the most recent
university-sponsored career fairs held for students, as many agriculture-related
companies participated as had been the case before the economic downturn.
Additionally, nearly all College of Agriculture graduates find employment within
six months of graduation.

A 1998-2008 survey of K-State agriculture graduates indicated which direction
respondentsÂ´ careers took: 21 percent went into positions as scientists or
related specialists; 21 percent as managers or financial specialists; 11 percent
into production agriculture; 11 percent into marketing, merchandising and sales;
seven percent in social service; and seven percent in communication or
education. The remainder went into further training in professional careers
(medical, dental or veterinary school, etc.) or graduate study.

Citing a national study, college officials said there will continue to be a
shortage in the number of university graduates with expertise in an agriculture
field. In addition, one in every five people in the United States is employed in
an agriculture-related job.

To see more of Farm Talk Newspaper or to subscribe, go to
http://www.farmtalknewspaper.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Farm Talk Newspaper,
Parsons, Kan. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100203-FA-Ag-students-have-career-options-0203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FA


                                 Copyright 2010


                              110 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            October 28, 2001 Sunday

Ag education hits a Growth Spurt; The focus has evolved in all aspects of the
field

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. d1

LENGTH: 1298 words


When most people think of agriculture, chances are they picture fields of row
crops, barns, animals, pitchforks and bib overalls.

The agriculture of the 21st century hardly fits that quaint stereotype. Farming
and agriculture have evolved well beyond the days of 40 acres and a mule.
Agriculture is a much more technically oriented business than just a generation
before.

It requires a higher level of capital investment and technical expertise. The
agriculture of the 21st century includes not only farmers, but also scientists,
engineers, biologists, geneticists and bankers.

In short, agriculture isn't what it used to be. Agricultural educators say it is
much more.

"Agriculture involves so many different disciplines. We can talk about our
industry today in its relationship to science," said Sue Price, director of the
School of Agriculture at the University of Wisconsin-Platteville.

The business side of agriculture also is evolving. Agribusiness has adapted new
approaches to marketing in the past decade with the growth in international
trade and e-commerce.

"Ag education has expanded its focus," said Milt Luckstead, agriculture
instructor at Cascade (Iowa) High School. Luckstead said education at the high
school level includes leadership training and business management.

"We continue to build on our basics and add technology to our programs,"
Luckstead said. "At Cascade, we utilize classroom, ag mechanics lab, greenhouse
and (field) test plots to aid in instructing students."

Price agrees staying on the cutting edge of education at the high school level
is important.

"Agricultural education is one of the majors that reminds us most often of the
changes in agriculture," she said.

In training future agriculture teachers, the UW-P's School of Agriculture works
with high school instructors "who are responding to the evolution and the
changes that are taking place in our industry," Price said.

Production agriculture is adapting high-tech to the age-old profession of
farming. Modern farm equipment is computerized and linked to the global
positioning system via orbiting satellites.

Dave Ahmdahl teaches Northeast Iowa Community College students to work on
complex modern equipment. Besides wrenches and screwdrivers, today's technicians
use computerized diagnostic equipment on farm machinery that is increasingly
becoming more sophisticated.

For example, one new model John Deere tractor has 11 on-board computers.

"This is what our graduates have got to understand and train on," he said. "We
have to continuously add things and bring new concepts" to the classroom.

At the University of Wisconsin-Platteville's Pioneer Prairie Farm, students
learn the applied science side of agriculture. Students receive instruction on
agribusiness, horticulture, soils, crops, animal science and agricultural
education in the classroom and at the farm.

Students can see firsthand the results of new animal drugs and other research.

For the small percentage of young people entering production agriculture,
education is just as vital.

"If they're going to make it they need to think non-traditionally," said Alicia
Prill-Adams, assistant director of Pioneer Prairie Farm.

Agricultural educators agree even in these uncertain economic times, prospects
for graduates look bright. Agriculture graduates bring specialized knowledge and
skills to a variety of professions. A recent survey of UW-P graduates showed
more than half of students who worked as interns returned for permanent jobs
with those same companies.

Ahmdahl agrees the "soft" economy has had a limited effect on the agriculture
job market.

"I think it has to some extent, although the market is great," Ahmdahl said. "I
don't think I've ever had a student who wanted a job that didn't get one. I
don't think there's a shop up here in northeast Iowa that doesn't have at least
one of our graduates."

Ahmdahl has not seen a slowdown in the job market so far.

"We always need more students and the jobs are there." he said.

According to figures compiled by the Food and Agriculture Education Information
System, entry-level salaries for graduates with a general baccalaureate degree
in agriculture averaged $$ @26,748 in 1998-99. Graduates entering the natural
resources field averaged $$ @25,162, while those entering the agricultural
engineering field commanded some of the highest salaries, averaging $$ @34,233.

"A lot of it depends too on how willing they are to move," said Jodie McDermott,
with the School of Agriculture's placement office. The average starting salary
for UW-P graduates is $$ @30,000.

Animal science major Lynnea Courtney, of Dubuque, is optimistic the agricultural
economy will have room for her when she graduates.

"I think it's going to pick up," she said. "I think the job market's going to be
good."

Courtney's optimism may be well founded.

McDermott saw no slowdown in hiring evident for the May 2001 graduating class.

"The jobs are out there if they're willing to take them," she said. Placement
rates are "as good if not better" than previous years McDermott said.
Agricultural engineering graduates are especially in demand, she said.

"Ag education is another one that has really opened up because of a lot of
retirements," she said. Career opportunities in the environmental field -
reclamation and conservation - are expected to grow, she said.

Modern agriculture requires the talents of a diverse cross-section of society,
say educators. Price said it will be important to attract a new crop of students
from all walks of life. Agriculture needs students from farm backgrounds, but
also needs students from rural non-farm and urban backgrounds, she said.

Unfortunately, agriculture is often inaccurately associated with high-labor,
limited skills, positions. Potential agriculture students often do not realize
agriculture is a broad field of study, Price said.

Part of that misperception is because of the rapid evolution of agriculture.
Price suggests it may be time to redefine "agriculture."

Agriculture - the production of food, fiber and renewable resources - actually
employs many professions. To make agriculture attractive to a broad spectrum of
students, Price suggests is may be time to "define agriculture in its broadest
and clearest terms."

"We've got to explain to them the opportunities," she said.

<p>

More women join ag studies

Technology is not the only thing changing within the industry. Agriculture is
also no longer just a man's world.

"It's fairly evident that the percentage of women going into agriculture is
increasing," according to Alicia Prill-Adams, academic facilitator for the
University of Wisconsin-Platteville's School of Agriculture and assistant
director of the UW-P Pioneer Prairie Farm.

Prill-Adams believes the business world is generally more accepting of women now
than 20 years ago. As in other industries, more women are entering the business
sector of agriculture.

"More and more women are going into fields other than education," she said.
"We're seeing more women in engineering, we're seeing more women in agriculture
and they're being more competitive in a lot of jobs out there."

Employers' hiring decisions are increasingly based "not necessarily on what
gender the person is, but what that person has to offer," she said. Knowledge
and skills will be the deciding factor rather than gender, Prill-Adams said.

"Every individual brings a different skill set," she said. "Women are pretty
savvy when it comes to their business skills, and I think employers are
realizing that."

Female agriculture students are often choosing careers in animal science,
pharmaceuticals, communications and banking.


LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: UW-Platteville agriculture student Ryan Weiskircher moves young pigs
into a weaning pen at the UW-P Swine Complex. Ag education takes on many forms
today, and it doesn't always mean working the fields.

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              111 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Washington: Rep. Allen, Georgia Delegation Applaud Nomination of Sonny Perdue
for Secretary of Agriculture

LENGTH: 839  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Rick Allen has issued the following news release:



 The U.S. House members of the Georgia Congressional Delegation today applauded
President-elect Donald J. Trump's nomination of former Georgia Governor George
Ervin "Sonny" Perdue III to serve as Secretary of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.





 The following delegation members issued statements on President-elect Trump's
choice of Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture:



 U.S. Rep. Buddy Carter (GA-01): "Former Governor Sonny Perdue is the perfect
choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. As the top industry in our state,
Georgians know how important agriculture is. As a two-term Governor of Georgia,
Sonny has already proven himself to be a strong leader who will fight to ensure
the agriculture industry is able to accomplish their important work. The hard
work of our farmers, ranchers, and producers is critical to the production of
the safest, most abundant and most affordable food supply in the world and I
look forward to working with former Governor Perdue to ensure Washington doesn't
stand in their way."



 U.S. Rep. Drew Ferguson (GA-03): "Sonny is an excellent choice to be the next
Secretary of Agriculture. His experience as a veterinarian combined with his
executive experience as a two-term governor make him uniquely qualified to lead
the USDA. I have personally had the honor of working alongside Governor Perdue
to create thousands of new jobs in Georgia. Sonny has always been committed to
making sure businesses, and especially agriculture in Georgia, are successful. I
look forward to working with him as the Secretary of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Rob Woodall (GA-07): "Georgians are well aware of Governor Perdue's
heart for service, and I have no doubt he will bring that same spirit and
commitment to this new role.  Having served as Governor of Georgia, whose number
one industry is agriculture, his knowledge and experience in both the public and
private sectors make him an excellent choice to lead the Department of
Agriculture.  It makes me very proud to see the role Georgia will be playing in
moving America forward, and I look forward to partnering with him."



 U.S. Rep. Austin Scott (GA-08), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture
and Chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and
Credit: "America's will have a great Secretary of Agriculture in Sonny Perdue,
and I am confident Sonny will be an excellent representative of our state in his
service to our country's agriculture communities.  Agriculture is Georgia's
leading industry, so we're glad to have someone who understands our state's
agricultural needs and act as a champion for the needs of our farmers, ranchers,
and manufacturers in the U.S. Department of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Doug Collins (GA-09): "Sonny Perdue is an outstanding choice for
Secretary of Agriculture. The experience he brings to that role will a boon to
agricultural communities from coast to coast, including the poultry industry,
which is a key part of Georgia's livelihood."



 U.S. Rep. Jody Hice (GA-10): "Given his executive experience as a two-term
Governor and his background as an agribusiness owner, Sonny Perdue is an
outstanding choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. During his tenure as
Governor, he shaped an agricultural policy that helped usher in a new era of
economic growth. Agriculture remains the top industry in Georgia, and I look
forward to working with Sonny as Secretary of Agriculture to continue supporting
our farming communities."



 U.S. Rep. Barry Loudermilk (GA-11): "It's great to see my friend, former
Governor Sonny Perdue, selected to serve as our next Agriculture Secretary. His
proven conservative leadership on Georgia's agricultural interests teamed with
his business background makes him an excellent choice to lead this department."



 U.S. Rep. Rick Allen (GA-12), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture:
"From the farm he grew up on in Perry, Georgia to his service in the U.S. Air
Force, veterinary and agribusiness career, and later Governor of Georgia, Sonny
Perdue makes an excellent and obvious choice for the next Secretary of
Agriculture.  Hailing from a state like Georgia, where agriculture is our number
one industry, I am confident in Sonny's ability to represent the interests of
all American agriculture. As a member of the House Agriculture Committee, I look
forward to his leadership and working with him to advance the needs of our
farmers and the industry as a whole."



 U.S. Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14): "Governor Perdue is the perfect choice to lead
the Agriculture Department. Between his work as a veterinarian and agribusiness
owner to his eight years as governor, he's walked the fields of Georgia to the
halls of the executive office. He has the right combination of experience, and I
have no doubt that Sonny will serve the American people well."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Washington: Rep. Allen, Georgia Delegation Applaud Nomination of Sonny Perdue
for Secretary of Agriculture

LENGTH: 839  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Rick Allen has issued the following news release:



 The U.S. House members of the Georgia Congressional Delegation today applauded
President-elect Donald J. Trump's nomination of former Georgia Governor George
Ervin "Sonny" Perdue III to serve as Secretary of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.





 The following delegation members issued statements on President-elect Trump's
choice of Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture:



 U.S. Rep. Buddy Carter (GA-01): "Former Governor Sonny Perdue is the perfect
choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. As the top industry in our state,
Georgians know how important agriculture is. As a two-term Governor of Georgia,
Sonny has already proven himself to be a strong leader who will fight to ensure
the agriculture industry is able to accomplish their important work. The hard
work of our farmers, ranchers, and producers is critical to the production of
the safest, most abundant and most affordable food supply in the world and I
look forward to working with former Governor Perdue to ensure Washington doesn't
stand in their way."



 U.S. Rep. Drew Ferguson (GA-03): "Sonny is an excellent choice to be the next
Secretary of Agriculture. His experience as a veterinarian combined with his
executive experience as a two-term governor make him uniquely qualified to lead
the USDA. I have personally had the honor of working alongside Governor Perdue
to create thousands of new jobs in Georgia. Sonny has always been committed to
making sure businesses, and especially agriculture in Georgia, are successful. I
look forward to working with him as the Secretary of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Rob Woodall (GA-07): "Georgians are well aware of Governor Perdue's
heart for service, and I have no doubt he will bring that same spirit and
commitment to this new role.  Having served as Governor of Georgia, whose number
one industry is agriculture, his knowledge and experience in both the public and
private sectors make him an excellent choice to lead the Department of
Agriculture.  It makes me very proud to see the role Georgia will be playing in
moving America forward, and I look forward to partnering with him."



 U.S. Rep. Austin Scott (GA-08), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture
and Chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and
Credit: "America's will have a great Secretary of Agriculture in Sonny Perdue,
and I am confident Sonny will be an excellent representative of our state in his
service to our country's agriculture communities.  Agriculture is Georgia's
leading industry, so we're glad to have someone who understands our state's
agricultural needs and act as a champion for the needs of our farmers, ranchers,
and manufacturers in the U.S. Department of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Doug Collins (GA-09): "Sonny Perdue is an outstanding choice for
Secretary of Agriculture. The experience he brings to that role will a boon to
agricultural communities from coast to coast, including the poultry industry,
which is a key part of Georgia's livelihood."



 U.S. Rep. Jody Hice (GA-10): "Given his executive experience as a two-term
Governor and his background as an agribusiness owner, Sonny Perdue is an
outstanding choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. During his tenure as
Governor, he shaped an agricultural policy that helped usher in a new era of
economic growth. Agriculture remains the top industry in Georgia, and I look
forward to working with Sonny as Secretary of Agriculture to continue supporting
our farming communities."



 U.S. Rep. Barry Loudermilk (GA-11): "It's great to see my friend, former
Governor Sonny Perdue, selected to serve as our next Agriculture Secretary. His
proven conservative leadership on Georgia's agricultural interests teamed with
his business background makes him an excellent choice to lead this department."



 U.S. Rep. Rick Allen (GA-12), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture:
"From the farm he grew up on in Perry, Georgia to his service in the U.S. Air
Force, veterinary and agribusiness career, and later Governor of Georgia, Sonny
Perdue makes an excellent and obvious choice for the next Secretary of
Agriculture.  Hailing from a state like Georgia, where agriculture is our number
one industry, I am confident in Sonny's ability to represent the interests of
all American agriculture. As a member of the House Agriculture Committee, I look
forward to his leadership and working with him to advance the needs of our
farmers and the industry as a whole."



 U.S. Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14): "Governor Perdue is the perfect choice to lead
the Agriculture Department. Between his work as a veterinarian and agribusiness
owner to his eight years as governor, he's walked the fields of Georgia to the
halls of the executive office. He has the right combination of experience, and I
have no doubt that Sonny will serve the American people well."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

Groups weave basket for Africa farming data

BYLINE: SARAH OOKO -1

LENGTH: 1034  words


Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

Agriculture is the main economic activity for most Kenyans, contributing about a
quarter of the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and employing a large
number of people across Africa.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2014 Nation Media Group
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            April 20, 2013 Saturday

Agriculture sector to be put on modern lines in Balochistan: Tareen

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 109

LENGTH: 380  words


Provincial Secretary for Agriculture, Muhammad Hashim Khan Tareen has stated
that all out efforts would be made to put the agriculture sector on modern lines
in the province, and for the purpose, special attention would special attention
would be given on the research activities.

He was addressing the oath taking ceremony of the newly elected office bearers
of the Balochistan Agriculture Graduates Association (BAGA) here the other day.

The Secretary Agriculture on the occasion said that all available resources
would be mobilized for resolving the problems faced by the agriculture experts,
officers and staff.

He stressed on the officers and employees of the department to pay special
attention on further development of the agriculture sector as well as research
for increasing production of different agriculture products.

However, he assured that all available resources would also be utilized to
facilitate the officers so as to enhance their capacity.

He said that 75 percent population of the province directly or indirectly are
associated with agriculture sector in the province.

The development of agriculture would yield good results and help enhance
agriculture production, he believed.

He said that the country could get foreign exchange by exporting the agriculture
products once we are self sufficient in the same.

This would be a good source of attaining development and prosperity for the
country and its nation, he added.

He said that since agriculture is very important sector so the concerned experts
and staff should perform well and avoid committing negligence and carelessness.

He also asked them to work on the comprehensive and viable projects for
enhancing the agriculture production and introducing more agriculture grains.

Later, the Secretary Agriculture administered oath to the newly elected office
bearers of the BAGA.

Earlier, the newly elected President of the association presented welcome
address. He also informed the Secretary about different problems being faced by
the department.

The ceremony was also attended by the Director General Engineering, Muhammad
Qasim, Director General Water Management, Abdul Wahab, Director General
Research, Muhammad Anwar Sheikh, Principal Government Agriculture College,
Muhammad Aslam and other concerned officials.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  April 16, 1992, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

MISSOURI'S 'AG ALLEY' SPARKS SENATE FLAP

BYLINE: Robert L. Koenig Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 704 words


WASHINGTON - An alley fight has broken out on Capitol Hill over what one senator
calls Missouri's ''agriculture alley.'' The dispute pits Republicans against
Democrats, bureaucrats against legislators - and the Interstate 70 corridor
between St. Louis and Kansas City against 14 blocks along the Mall in
Washington.  The battle lines were drawn at a Senate hearing last week, when
Sen.  Patrick J. Leahy, D-Vt., chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee,
claimed that the 250-mile-long strip of the Show-Me state between St. Louis and
Kansas City had become ''agriculture alley.'' Leahy said that chunk of Missouri
is so bloated by U.S. Agriculture Department employees that those 3,350 federal
workers ''could line up . . .  about a football field apart. They wouldn't need
telephones - they'd be able to shout messages to each other.'' Nonsense, says
Agriculture Secretary Edward R. Madigan, a former Republican congressman from
central Illinois. Most of those Agriculture Department workers are at a national
accounting center in Kansas City and a Farmers Home Administration finance
office in St. Louis, he said.  And Sen. Christopher S. Bond, R-Mo., said
Wednesday that ''the real 'agriculture alley' runs from the U.S. Capitol to the
Washington Monument.'' He was referring to the 14-block strip south of the Mall
that includes the Agriculture Department's headquarters (8,000 employees) and
the House and Senate agriculture committees.  Bond also suggested that Leahy
turn his attention to his home state of Vermont, where a recent report showed
that the overhead costs of operating a key farm program is 16 cents per dollar
of benefits - compared with Missouri's cost of 3 cents per dollar. The ''
agriculture alley'' dispute arose at a hearing on ways to cut waste and
duplication at the Agriculture Department, which has more than 125,000 employees
and an annual budget of $61 billion.  ''If the Agriculture Department were a
bank, its $140 billion in assets would make it the second-largest in the country
- behind Citibank,'' Leahy said. ''It's time for USDA to go on a diet.'' The
agriculture corridor in Missouri is ''ripe for consolidation'' because - in
addition to the 3,350 Agriculture Department employees - 48 farm service
agencies and three major Agriculture Department financial management centers are
in those 18 counties, Leahy said.  Madigan said singling out Missouri was
misleading, because about 3,000 of the federal employees work at the Agriculture
Department's national accounting center in Kansas City. An additional 500 work
at the Farmers Home Administration finance office in St. Louis - ''which
accounts for most of the people in 'agriculture alley,' '' he said.  But the
numbers do not add up - especially when you consider that the finance office in
St. Louis has 900 employees. In fact, one source close to the Senate Agriculture
Committee said Leahy's figures on Missouri ''are low-ball numbers. The real
number of employees in Missouri's 'ag alley' is closer to 4,000.'' Roger D.
Runningen, Madigan's chief spokesman in Washington, said Wednesday that ''We
haven't added up the exact number'' of Agriculture Department workers in the
Missouri counties cited by Leahy. ''We don't regard that area as an 'agriculture
alley' - any more than other parts of the country,'' Runningen said.  The
Agriculture Department employs 13,000 people in the Washington area alone -
about 8,000 of those at the department's headquarters.  Besides Missouri, Leahy
said, other areas around the country with high concentrations of Agriculture
Department workers include: Clark County, Nevada, the area surrounding Las Vegas
where 13 employees of Agriculture Department agencies aid 40 farmers.  ''Maybe
the bright lights in Las Vegas make it hard to see all those forms,'' Leahy
quipped.  A 135-mile-long strip along the South Carolina seaboard, where the
Agriculture Department has 314 farm-agency workers in 38 offices for only 4,100
farms.  (Following text ran in the I3* Edition only) Leahy said fewer than half
of those farms (1,063) were eligible for federal farm payments. ''On average,
there is one USDA employee for every five farms eligible for federal payments,''
Leahy said.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; Photo Headshot (COLOR) ... (Edward R.) Madigan Photo ... Sen.
Patrick J.  Leahy ... Agriculture Committee head Photo ... Edward R. Madigan ...
Secretary of agriculture (NOTE: Photo ran in 3* edition)

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              116 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Washington: Georgia Delegation Applauds Trump Nomination of Former Georgia
Governor Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture

LENGTH: 837  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Doug Collins has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. House members from the Georgia congressional delegation today applauded
President-elect Donald J. Trump's nomination of former Georgia Governor George
Ervin "Sonny" Perdue III to serve as Secretary of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.





 The following delegation members issued statements on President-elect Trump's
choice of Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture:



 U.S. Rep. Buddy Carter (GA-01): "Former Governor Sonny Perdue is the perfect
choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. As the top industry in our state,
Georgians know how important agriculture is. As a two-term Governor of Georgia,
Sonny has already proven himself to be a strong leader who will fight to ensure
the agriculture industry is able to accomplish their important work. The hard
work of our farmers, ranchers, and producers is critical to the production of
the safest, most abundant and most affordable food supply in the world and I
look forward to working with former Governor Perdue to ensure Washington doesn't
stand in their way."



 U.S. Rep. Drew Ferguson (GA-03): "Sonny is an excellent choice to be the next
Secretary of Agriculture. His experience as a veterinarian combined with his
executive experience as a two-term governor make him uniquely qualified to lead
the USDA. I have personally had the honor of working alongside Governor Perdue
to create thousands of new jobs in Georgia. Sonny has always been committed to
making sure businesses, and especially agriculture in Georgia, are successful. I
look forward to working with him as the Secretary of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Rob Woodall (GA-07): "Georgians are well aware of Governor Perdue's
heart for service, and I have no doubt he will bring that same spirit and
commitment to this new role. Having served as Governor of Georgia, whose number
one industry is agriculture, his knowledge and experience in both the public and
private sectors make him an excellent choice to lead the Department of
Agriculture. It makes me very proud to see the role Georgia will be playing in
moving America forward, and I look forward to partnering with him."



 U.S. Rep. Austin Scott (GA-08), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture
and Chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and
Credit: "American's will have a great Secretary of Agriculture in Sonny Perdue,
and I am confident Sonny will be an excellent representative of our state in his
service to our country's agriculture communities. Agriculture is Georgia's
leading industry, so we're glad to have someone who understands our state's
agricultural needs and act as a champion for the needs of our farmers, ranchers,
and manufacturers in the U.S. Department of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Doug Collins (GA-09): "Sonny Perdue is an outstanding choice for
Secretary of Agriculture. The experience he brings to that role will be a boon
to agricultural communities from coast to coast, including the poultry industry,
which is a key part of Georgia's livelihood."



 U.S. Rep. Jody Hice (GA-10): "Given his executive experience as a two-term
Governor and his background as an agribusiness owner, Sonny Perdue is an
outstanding choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. During his tenure as
Governor, he shaped an agricultural policy that helped usher in a new era of
economic growth. Agriculture remains the top industry in Georgia, and I look
forward to working with Sonny as Secretary of Agriculture to continue supporting
our farming communities."



 U.S. Rep. Barry Loudermilk (GA-11): "It's great to see my friend, former
Governor Sonny Perdue, selected to serve as our next Agriculture Secretary. His
proven leadership on Georgia's agricultural interests teamed with his business
background makes him an excellent choice to lead this department."



 U.S. Rep. Rick Allen (GA-12), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture:
"From the farm he grew up on in Perry, Georgia to his service in the U.S. Air
Force, veterinary and agribusiness career, and later Governor of Georgia, Sonny
Perdue makes an excellent and obvious choice for the next Secretary of
Agriculture. Hailing from a state like Georgia, where agriculture is our number
one industry, I am confident in Sonny's ability to represent the interests of
all American agriculture. As a member of the House Agriculture Committee, I look
forward to his leadership and working with him to advance the needs of our
farmers and the industry as a whole."



 U.S. Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14): "Governor Perdue is the perfect choice to lead
the Agriculture Department. Between his work as a veterinarian and agribusiness
owner to his eight years as governor, he's walked the fields of Georgia to the
halls of the executive office. He has the right combination of experience, and I
have no doubt that Sonny will serve the American people well."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Washington: Georgia House Reps Applaud Nomination of Former Georgia Governor
Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture

LENGTH: 836  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Rob Woodall has issued the following news release:




 Today, members of the U.S. House Georgia Delegation applauded President-elect
Donald J. Trump's nomination of former Georgia Governor George Ervin "Sonny"
Perdue III to serve as Secretary of the U.S. Department of Agriculture.





 The following delegation members issued statements on President-elect Trump's
choice of Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture:



 U.S. Rep. Rob Woodall (GA-07): "Georgians are well aware of Governor Perdue's
heart for service, and I have no doubt he will bring that same spirit and
commitment to this new role.  Having served as Governor of Georgia, whose number
one industry is agriculture, his knowledge and experience in both the public and
private sectors make him an excellent choice to lead the Department of
Agriculture.  It makes me very proud to see the role Georgia will be playing in
moving America forward, and I look forward to partnering with him."



 U.S. Rep. Buddy Carter (GA-01): "Former Governor Sonny Perdue is the perfect
choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. As the top industry in our state,
Georgians know how important agriculture is. As a two-term Governor of Georgia,
Sonny has already proven himself to be a strong leader who will fight to ensure
the agriculture industry is able to accomplish their important work. The hard
work of our farmers, ranchers, and producers is critical to the production of
the safest, most abundant and most affordable food supply in the world and I
look forward to working with former Governor Perdue to ensure Washington doesn't
stand in their way."



 U.S. Rep. Drew Ferguson (GA-03): "Sonny is an excellent choice to be the next
Secretary of Agriculture. His experience as a veterinarian combined with his
executive experience as a two-term governor make him uniquely qualified to lead
the USDA. I have personally had the honor of working alongside Governor Perdue
to create thousands of new jobs in Georgia. Sonny has always been committed to
making sure businesses, and especially agriculture in Georgia, are successful. I
look forward to working with him as the Secretary of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Austin Scott (GA-08), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture
and Chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and
Credit: "America's will have a great Secretary of Agriculture in Sonny Perdue,
and I am confident Sonny will be an excellent representative of our state in his
service to our country's agriculture communities.  Agriculture is Georgia's
leading industry, so we're glad to have someone who understands our state's
agricultural needs and act as a champion for the needs of our farmers, ranchers,
and manufacturers in the U.S. Department of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Doug Collins (GA-09): "Sonny Perdue is an outstanding choice for
Secretary of Agriculture. The experience he brings to that role will a boon to
agricultural communities from coast to coast, including the poultry industry,
which is a key part of Georgia's livelihood."



 U.S. Rep. Jody Hice (GA-10): "Given his executive experience as a two-term
Governor and his background as an agribusiness owner, Sonny Perdue is an
outstanding choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. During his tenure as
Governor, he shaped an agricultural policy that helped usher in a new era of
economic growth. Agriculture remains the top industry in Georgia, and I look
forward to working with Sonny as Secretary of Agriculture to continue supporting
our farming communities."



 U.S. Rep. Barry Loudermilk (GA-11): "It's great to see my friend, former
Governor Sonny Perdue, selected to serve as our next Agriculture Secretary. His
proven conservative leadership on Georgia's agricultural interests teamed with
his business background makes him an excellent choice to lead this department."



 U.S. Rep. Rick Allen (GA-12), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture:
"From the farm he grew up on in Perry, Georgia to his service in the U.S. Air
Force, veterinary and agribusiness career, and later Governor of Georgia, Sonny
Perdue makes an excellent and obvious choice for the next Secretary of
Agriculture.  Hailing from a state like Georgia, where agriculture is our number
one industry, I am confident in Sonny's ability to represent the interests of
all American agriculture. As a member of the House Agriculture Committee, I look
forward to his leadership and working with him to advance the needs of our
farmers and the industry as a whole."



 U.S. Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14): "Governor Perdue is the perfect choice to lead
the Agriculture Department. Between his work as a veterinarian and agribusiness
owner to his eight years as governor, he's walked the fields of Georgia to the
halls of the executive office. He has the right combination of experience, and I
have no doubt that Sonny will serve the American people well."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Washington: Georgia House Reps Applaud Nomination of Former Georgia Governor
Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture

LENGTH: 836  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Rob Woodall has issued the following news release:




 Today, members of the U.S. House Georgia Delegation applauded President-elect
Donald J. Trump's nomination of former Georgia Governor George Ervin "Sonny"
Perdue III to serve as Secretary of the U.S. Department of Agriculture.





 The following delegation members issued statements on President-elect Trump's
choice of Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture:



 U.S. Rep. Rob Woodall (GA-07): "Georgians are well aware of Governor Perdue's
heart for service, and I have no doubt he will bring that same spirit and
commitment to this new role.  Having served as Governor of Georgia, whose number
one industry is agriculture, his knowledge and experience in both the public and
private sectors make him an excellent choice to lead the Department of
Agriculture.  It makes me very proud to see the role Georgia will be playing in
moving America forward, and I look forward to partnering with him."



 U.S. Rep. Buddy Carter (GA-01): "Former Governor Sonny Perdue is the perfect
choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. As the top industry in our state,
Georgians know how important agriculture is. As a two-term Governor of Georgia,
Sonny has already proven himself to be a strong leader who will fight to ensure
the agriculture industry is able to accomplish their important work. The hard
work of our farmers, ranchers, and producers is critical to the production of
the safest, most abundant and most affordable food supply in the world and I
look forward to working with former Governor Perdue to ensure Washington doesn't
stand in their way."



 U.S. Rep. Drew Ferguson (GA-03): "Sonny is an excellent choice to be the next
Secretary of Agriculture. His experience as a veterinarian combined with his
executive experience as a two-term governor make him uniquely qualified to lead
the USDA. I have personally had the honor of working alongside Governor Perdue
to create thousands of new jobs in Georgia. Sonny has always been committed to
making sure businesses, and especially agriculture in Georgia, are successful. I
look forward to working with him as the Secretary of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Austin Scott (GA-08), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture
and Chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and
Credit: "America's will have a great Secretary of Agriculture in Sonny Perdue,
and I am confident Sonny will be an excellent representative of our state in his
service to our country's agriculture communities.  Agriculture is Georgia's
leading industry, so we're glad to have someone who understands our state's
agricultural needs and act as a champion for the needs of our farmers, ranchers,
and manufacturers in the U.S. Department of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Doug Collins (GA-09): "Sonny Perdue is an outstanding choice for
Secretary of Agriculture. The experience he brings to that role will a boon to
agricultural communities from coast to coast, including the poultry industry,
which is a key part of Georgia's livelihood."



 U.S. Rep. Jody Hice (GA-10): "Given his executive experience as a two-term
Governor and his background as an agribusiness owner, Sonny Perdue is an
outstanding choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. During his tenure as
Governor, he shaped an agricultural policy that helped usher in a new era of
economic growth. Agriculture remains the top industry in Georgia, and I look
forward to working with Sonny as Secretary of Agriculture to continue supporting
our farming communities."



 U.S. Rep. Barry Loudermilk (GA-11): "It's great to see my friend, former
Governor Sonny Perdue, selected to serve as our next Agriculture Secretary. His
proven conservative leadership on Georgia's agricultural interests teamed with
his business background makes him an excellent choice to lead this department."



 U.S. Rep. Rick Allen (GA-12), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture:
"From the farm he grew up on in Perry, Georgia to his service in the U.S. Air
Force, veterinary and agribusiness career, and later Governor of Georgia, Sonny
Perdue makes an excellent and obvious choice for the next Secretary of
Agriculture.  Hailing from a state like Georgia, where agriculture is our number
one industry, I am confident in Sonny's ability to represent the interests of
all American agriculture. As a member of the House Agriculture Committee, I look
forward to his leadership and working with him to advance the needs of our
farmers and the industry as a whole."



 U.S. Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14): "Governor Perdue is the perfect choice to lead
the Agriculture Department. Between his work as a veterinarian and agribusiness
owner to his eight years as governor, he's walked the fields of Georgia to the
halls of the executive office. He has the right combination of experience, and I
have no doubt that Sonny will serve the American people well."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Washington: Georgia Delegation Applauds Trump Nomination of Former Georgia
Governor Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture

LENGTH: 841  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Earl L Buddy has issued the following news
release:



  The U.S. House members of the Georgia Congressional Delegation today applauded
President-elect Donald J. Trump's nomination of former Georgia Governor George
Ervin "Sonny" Perdue III to serve as Secretary of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.





 The following delegation members issued statements on President-elect Trump's
choice of Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture:



 U.S. Rep. Buddy Carter (GA-01): "Former Governor Sonny Perdue is the perfect
choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. As the top industry in our state,
Georgians know how important agriculture is. As a two-term Governor of Georgia,
Sonny has already proven himself to be a strong leader who will fight to ensure
the agriculture industry is able to accomplish their important work. The hard
work of our farmers, ranchers, and producers is critical to the production of
the safest, most abundant and most affordable food supply in the world and I
look forward to working with former Governor Perdue to ensure Washington doesn't
stand in their way."



 U.S. Rep. Drew Ferguson (GA-03): "Sonny is an excellent choice to be the next
Secretary of Agriculture. His experience as a veterinarian combined with his
executive experience as a two-term governor make him uniquely qualified to lead
the USDA. I have personally had the honor of working alongside Governor Perdue
to create thousands of new jobs in Georgia. Sonny has always been committed to
making sure businesses, and especially agriculture in Georgia, are successful. I
look forward to working with him as the Secretary of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Rob Woodall (GA-07): "Georgians are well aware of Governor Perdue's
heart for service, and I have no doubt he will bring that same spirit and
commitment to this new role.  Having served as Governor of Georgia, whose number
one industry is agriculture, his knowledge and experience in both the public and
private sectors make him an excellent choice to lead the Department of
Agriculture.  It makes me very proud to see the role Georgia will be playing in
moving America forward, and I look forward to partnering with him."



 U.S. Rep. Austin Scott (GA-08), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture
and Chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and
Credit: "America's will have a great Secretary of Agriculture in Sonny Perdue,
and I am confident Sonny will be an excellent representative of our state in his
service to our country's agriculture communities.  Agriculture is Georgia's
leading industry, so we're glad to have someone who understands our state's
agricultural needs and act as a champion for the needs of our farmers, ranchers,
and manufacturers in the U.S. Department of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Doug Collins (GA-09): "Sonny Perdue is an outstanding choice for
Secretary of Agriculture. The experience he brings to that role will a boon to
agricultural communities from coast to coast, including the poultry industry,
which is a key part of Georgia's livelihood."



 U.S. Rep. Jody Hice (GA-10): "Given his executive experience as a two-term
Governor and his background as an agribusiness owner, Sonny Perdue is an
outstanding choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. During his tenure as
Governor, he shaped an agricultural policy that helped usher in a new era of
economic growth. Agriculture remains the top industry in Georgia, and I look
forward to working with Sonny as Secretary of Agriculture to continue supporting
our farming communities."



 U.S. Rep. Barry Loudermilk (GA-11): "It's great to see my friend, former
Governor Sonny Perdue, selected to serve as our next Agriculture Secretary. His
proven conservative leadership on Georgia's agricultural interests teamed with
his business background makes him an excellent choice to lead this department."



 U.S. Rep. Rick Allen (GA-12), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture:
"From the farm he grew up on in Perry, Georgia to his service in the U.S. Air
Force, veterinary and agribusiness career, and later Governor of Georgia, Sonny
Perdue makes an excellent and obvious choice for the next Secretary of
Agriculture.  Hailing from a state like Georgia, where agriculture is our number
one industry, I am confident in Sonny's ability to represent the interests of
all American agriculture. As a member of the House Agriculture Committee, I look
forward to his leadership and working with him to advance the needs of our
farmers and the industry as a whole."



 U.S. Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14): "Governor Perdue is the perfect choice to lead
the Agriculture Department. Between his work as a veterinarian and agribusiness
owner to his eight years as governor, he's walked the fields of Georgia to the
halls of the executive office. He has the right combination of experience, and I
have no doubt that Sonny will serve the American people well."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Washington: Georgia Delegation Applauds Trump Nomination of Former Georgia
Governor Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture

LENGTH: 837  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Doug Collins has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. House members from the Georgia congressional delegation today applauded
President-elect Donald J. Trump's nomination of former Georgia Governor George
Ervin "Sonny" Perdue III to serve as Secretary of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.





 The following delegation members issued statements on President-elect Trump's
choice of Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture:



 U.S. Rep. Buddy Carter (GA-01): "Former Governor Sonny Perdue is the perfect
choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. As the top industry in our state,
Georgians know how important agriculture is. As a two-term Governor of Georgia,
Sonny has already proven himself to be a strong leader who will fight to ensure
the agriculture industry is able to accomplish their important work. The hard
work of our farmers, ranchers, and producers is critical to the production of
the safest, most abundant and most affordable food supply in the world and I
look forward to working with former Governor Perdue to ensure Washington doesn't
stand in their way."



 U.S. Rep. Drew Ferguson (GA-03): "Sonny is an excellent choice to be the next
Secretary of Agriculture. His experience as a veterinarian combined with his
executive experience as a two-term governor make him uniquely qualified to lead
the USDA. I have personally had the honor of working alongside Governor Perdue
to create thousands of new jobs in Georgia. Sonny has always been committed to
making sure businesses, and especially agriculture in Georgia, are successful. I
look forward to working with him as the Secretary of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Rob Woodall (GA-07): "Georgians are well aware of Governor Perdue's
heart for service, and I have no doubt he will bring that same spirit and
commitment to this new role. Having served as Governor of Georgia, whose number
one industry is agriculture, his knowledge and experience in both the public and
private sectors make him an excellent choice to lead the Department of
Agriculture. It makes me very proud to see the role Georgia will be playing in
moving America forward, and I look forward to partnering with him."



 U.S. Rep. Austin Scott (GA-08), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture
and Chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and
Credit: "American's will have a great Secretary of Agriculture in Sonny Perdue,
and I am confident Sonny will be an excellent representative of our state in his
service to our country's agriculture communities. Agriculture is Georgia's
leading industry, so we're glad to have someone who understands our state's
agricultural needs and act as a champion for the needs of our farmers, ranchers,
and manufacturers in the U.S. Department of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Doug Collins (GA-09): "Sonny Perdue is an outstanding choice for
Secretary of Agriculture. The experience he brings to that role will be a boon
to agricultural communities from coast to coast, including the poultry industry,
which is a key part of Georgia's livelihood."



 U.S. Rep. Jody Hice (GA-10): "Given his executive experience as a two-term
Governor and his background as an agribusiness owner, Sonny Perdue is an
outstanding choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. During his tenure as
Governor, he shaped an agricultural policy that helped usher in a new era of
economic growth. Agriculture remains the top industry in Georgia, and I look
forward to working with Sonny as Secretary of Agriculture to continue supporting
our farming communities."



 U.S. Rep. Barry Loudermilk (GA-11): "It's great to see my friend, former
Governor Sonny Perdue, selected to serve as our next Agriculture Secretary. His
proven leadership on Georgia's agricultural interests teamed with his business
background makes him an excellent choice to lead this department."



 U.S. Rep. Rick Allen (GA-12), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture:
"From the farm he grew up on in Perry, Georgia to his service in the U.S. Air
Force, veterinary and agribusiness career, and later Governor of Georgia, Sonny
Perdue makes an excellent and obvious choice for the next Secretary of
Agriculture. Hailing from a state like Georgia, where agriculture is our number
one industry, I am confident in Sonny's ability to represent the interests of
all American agriculture. As a member of the House Agriculture Committee, I look
forward to his leadership and working with him to advance the needs of our
farmers and the industry as a whole."



 U.S. Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14): "Governor Perdue is the perfect choice to lead
the Agriculture Department. Between his work as a veterinarian and agribusiness
owner to his eight years as governor, he's walked the fields of Georgia to the
halls of the executive office. He has the right combination of experience, and I
have no doubt that Sonny will serve the American people well."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Washington: Georgia Delegation Applauds Trump Nomination of Former Georgia
Governor Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture

LENGTH: 841  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Earl L Buddy has issued the following news
release:



  The U.S. House members of the Georgia Congressional Delegation today applauded
President-elect Donald J. Trump's nomination of former Georgia Governor George
Ervin "Sonny" Perdue III to serve as Secretary of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.





 The following delegation members issued statements on President-elect Trump's
choice of Sonny Perdue for Secretary of Agriculture:



 U.S. Rep. Buddy Carter (GA-01): "Former Governor Sonny Perdue is the perfect
choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. As the top industry in our state,
Georgians know how important agriculture is. As a two-term Governor of Georgia,
Sonny has already proven himself to be a strong leader who will fight to ensure
the agriculture industry is able to accomplish their important work. The hard
work of our farmers, ranchers, and producers is critical to the production of
the safest, most abundant and most affordable food supply in the world and I
look forward to working with former Governor Perdue to ensure Washington doesn't
stand in their way."



 U.S. Rep. Drew Ferguson (GA-03): "Sonny is an excellent choice to be the next
Secretary of Agriculture. His experience as a veterinarian combined with his
executive experience as a two-term governor make him uniquely qualified to lead
the USDA. I have personally had the honor of working alongside Governor Perdue
to create thousands of new jobs in Georgia. Sonny has always been committed to
making sure businesses, and especially agriculture in Georgia, are successful. I
look forward to working with him as the Secretary of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Rob Woodall (GA-07): "Georgians are well aware of Governor Perdue's
heart for service, and I have no doubt he will bring that same spirit and
commitment to this new role.  Having served as Governor of Georgia, whose number
one industry is agriculture, his knowledge and experience in both the public and
private sectors make him an excellent choice to lead the Department of
Agriculture.  It makes me very proud to see the role Georgia will be playing in
moving America forward, and I look forward to partnering with him."



 U.S. Rep. Austin Scott (GA-08), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture
and Chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and
Credit: "America's will have a great Secretary of Agriculture in Sonny Perdue,
and I am confident Sonny will be an excellent representative of our state in his
service to our country's agriculture communities.  Agriculture is Georgia's
leading industry, so we're glad to have someone who understands our state's
agricultural needs and act as a champion for the needs of our farmers, ranchers,
and manufacturers in the U.S. Department of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Doug Collins (GA-09): "Sonny Perdue is an outstanding choice for
Secretary of Agriculture. The experience he brings to that role will a boon to
agricultural communities from coast to coast, including the poultry industry,
which is a key part of Georgia's livelihood."



 U.S. Rep. Jody Hice (GA-10): "Given his executive experience as a two-term
Governor and his background as an agribusiness owner, Sonny Perdue is an
outstanding choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. During his tenure as
Governor, he shaped an agricultural policy that helped usher in a new era of
economic growth. Agriculture remains the top industry in Georgia, and I look
forward to working with Sonny as Secretary of Agriculture to continue supporting
our farming communities."



 U.S. Rep. Barry Loudermilk (GA-11): "It's great to see my friend, former
Governor Sonny Perdue, selected to serve as our next Agriculture Secretary. His
proven conservative leadership on Georgia's agricultural interests teamed with
his business background makes him an excellent choice to lead this department."



 U.S. Rep. Rick Allen (GA-12), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture:
"From the farm he grew up on in Perry, Georgia to his service in the U.S. Air
Force, veterinary and agribusiness career, and later Governor of Georgia, Sonny
Perdue makes an excellent and obvious choice for the next Secretary of
Agriculture.  Hailing from a state like Georgia, where agriculture is our number
one industry, I am confident in Sonny's ability to represent the interests of
all American agriculture. As a member of the House Agriculture Committee, I look
forward to his leadership and working with him to advance the needs of our
farmers and the industry as a whole."



 U.S. Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14): "Governor Perdue is the perfect choice to lead
the Agriculture Department. Between his work as a veterinarian and agribusiness
owner to his eight years as governor, he's walked the fields of Georgia to the
halls of the executive office. He has the right combination of experience, and I
have no doubt that Sonny will serve the American people well."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Washington: USDA Sends National Agricultural Classification Survey Ahead of 2017
Census of Agriculture

LENGTH: 354  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Agricultural Statistics Service has issued the following
news release:



 In preparation for the 2017 Census of Agriculture, close to one million
potential farmers and ranchers will receive the National Agricultural
Classification Survey (NACS) this month to help the U.S. Department of
Agriculture identify all active farms and ranches in the United States. The
result of the NACS will determine who receives a census of agriculture
questionnaire next December.





 The census of agriculture, conducted every five years by the USDA's National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS), is the only source of uniform,
comprehensive and impartial agricultural data for every county in the nation.
Through the census of agriculture, producers are able to demonstrate the value
and importance of agriculture, and influence decisions that will shape the
future of the industry in this country.



 "NACS plays an integral role in getting a complete count of U.S. agriculture,"
said NASS Census and Survey Division Director Barbara Rater. "We ask everyone
who receives the survey to please respond by January 30, so that we can maintain
an accurate and comprehensive census of agriculture mailing list. This is an
important opportunity. The census of agriculture is the leading source of facts
about American agriculture. Farm organizations, businesses, government
decision-makers, commodity market analysts, news media, researchers and so many
others use census of agriculture data. We are ensuring that every farm and ranch
has a voice."



 The census of agriculture defines a farm as any place, big or small, that
produces and sells, or could sell, $1,000 or more of agriculture products within
a calendar year. NACS is required by law as part of the census of agriculture.
By this same law, all information reported by individuals is protected.



 NASS will begin data collection for the 2017 Census of Agriculture in late
2017. The census of agriculture is Your Voice, Your Future, Your Opportunity.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Washington: USDA Sends National Agricultural Classification Survey Ahead of 2017
Census of Agriculture

LENGTH: 354  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Agricultural Statistics Service has issued the following
news release:



 In preparation for the 2017 Census of Agriculture, close to one million
potential farmers and ranchers will receive the National Agricultural
Classification Survey (NACS) this month to help the U.S. Department of
Agriculture identify all active farms and ranches in the United States. The
result of the NACS will determine who receives a census of agriculture
questionnaire next December.





 The census of agriculture, conducted every five years by the USDA's National
Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS), is the only source of uniform,
comprehensive and impartial agricultural data for every county in the nation.
Through the census of agriculture, producers are able to demonstrate the value
and importance of agriculture, and influence decisions that will shape the
future of the industry in this country.



 "NACS plays an integral role in getting a complete count of U.S. agriculture,"
said NASS Census and Survey Division Director Barbara Rater. "We ask everyone
who receives the survey to please respond by January 30, so that we can maintain
an accurate and comprehensive census of agriculture mailing list. This is an
important opportunity. The census of agriculture is the leading source of facts
about American agriculture. Farm organizations, businesses, government
decision-makers, commodity market analysts, news media, researchers and so many
others use census of agriculture data. We are ensuring that every farm and ranch
has a voice."



 The census of agriculture defines a farm as any place, big or small, that
produces and sells, or could sell, $1,000 or more of agriculture products within
a calendar year. NACS is required by law as part of the census of agriculture.
By this same law, all information reported by individuals is protected.



 NASS will begin data collection for the 2017 Census of Agriculture in late
2017. The census of agriculture is Your Voice, Your Future, Your Opportunity.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            January 30, 2015 Friday

Professional training needed for agriculture graduates: J Kumar

LENGTH: 317 words

DATELINE: Pantnagar


Pantnagar, Jan. 30 -- The GB Pant University of Agriculture and Technology
registrar Dr J Kumar has stressed on the importance of practical and
professional agriculture education for agriculture graduates. Chairing the meet
of a committee of five deans for higher agricultural education, Kumar said that
such education can enable agriculture graduates to undertake industrial
enterprises. The inclusion of some new subjects in agricultural research is
important to facilitate this.

The Sher-e-Kashmir University of Agricultural Sciences and Technology of Jammu
dean, Agriculture, Dr JP Sharma stressed on the need for special focus on
practical education to make agriculture graduates more capable of meeting
professional requirements. The professional capabilities of agriculture
graduates can be improved by focusing on practical methods, education, research
and extension in their education, he said.

University of Agricultural Sciences, Bangalore, dean of Agriculture, Dr H
Shivanna spoke of the need for inclusion of subjects like agriculture history,
nano-technology, sericulture, mushroom cultivation and apiculture (bee-keeping)
in the education of agriculture graduates.

Dr PK Chakravarti of Bidhan Chandra Krishi Vishwavidyalaya, West Bengal, said
that agriculture graduates should be encouraged to undertake professional
agricultural tasks for which they should be educated on works related to
agriculture business.

Manarana Pratap University of Agriculture and Technology, Udaipur, dean of
Agriculture Dr SK Malu stressed on the need to also focus on capacity building
for faculty.

Jawaharlal Nehru Krishi Vishwavidyalaya, Jabalpur, dean of agriculture Dr SK Rao
also expressed his views in the meeting.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

Duplissie named 2015 Maine Agriculture in the Classroom Teacher of the Year

LENGTH: 705 words

DATELINE: ORONO


- Kevin Duplissie, director and head teacher of the Child Study Center at the
University of Maine, has been named the 2015 Maine Agriculture in the Classroom
Teacher of the Year.


Duplissie, who also teaches psychology courses in cognitive and social
development in children at UMaine, has been working at the university for 27
years and teaching at the Child Study Center for 12 years.


The preschool education center offers a developmentally based curriculum focused
on agriculture, art, language and self-help. The center also serves as a lab for
the UMaine Psychology Department and other academic programs.


Duplissie, who has been using Ag in the Classroom's food, land and people
curriculum since 2008, integrates agriculture into every subject and conducts
several agriculture-related activities with the college students and preschool
children each week.


"I'm from northern Maine," Duplissie said. "I grew up surrounded by agriculture
so it's second nature to me. A lot of preschool and college students don't
understand the importance of agriculture in our lives."


Teaching children about agriculture while they're young is important, Duplissie
said, because at the preschool age, they're learning and retaining information
quickly.


"If they can learn about agriculture now, they can build upon it later," he
said. "If you explain and demonstrate agriculture to children, they're able to
grasp it, understand it and work with it."


Each year, Maine Agriculture in the Classroom recognizes an outstanding
elementary or secondary school teacher who uses agricultural education materials
and-or activities in the classroom.


With Duplissie's guidance, preschool children build greenhouses, plant gardens,
visit farms and hatch chicks every year at the center. Teaching children where
their food comes from is an important focus of the curriculum.


"We make snacks with the children, and they know where it comes from," he said,
adding that the students grew pumpkins and made cookies and muffins with them
during the fall. "We relate it all back to agriculture and the farms that grow
their food. Good nutrition is easy to relate back to agriculture. Everything we
eat comes from farms."


At the center, Duplissie works with college students from several majors,
including marine science, early development and nursing. He said he enjoys
watching the students learn while they teach others.


"I get the chance to work with students who see and use education firsthand," he
said. "The more experience and the more you do things, the more it sticks with
you. We want them to see and follow children's development, and help enhance
it."


Maine Agriculture in the Classroom is a grassroots program coordinated by the
United States Department of Agriculture and housed at the Maine Department of
Agriculture. The primary funding source in Maine is the agriculture specialty
license plate. Programs are designed to help preschool through 12th-grade
students gain a greater awareness of the role of agriculture in their daily
lives so they will become citizens who support wise agricultural policies and
local agriculture endeavors.


Duplissie and his program have received several Maine Agriculture in the
Classroom grants to fund the agriculture curriculum at the Child Study Center.
The program uses lesson plans available through Maine Agriculture in the
Classroom and provides annual field trips to local farms and orchards.


"This recognition shows that our little program is doing some pretty neat
things; even a small program like this can be reaching out. Our projects are
being replicated by other teachers in other parts of the state and they are
expanding something we have created," he said.


Duplissie said even though he's honored to be the 2015 Maine Agriculture in the
Classroom Teacher of the Year, he doesn't teach for recognition.


"I like what I'm doing," he said. "I do it because I enjoy seeing the kids learn
and grow. Those are the things that fuel me to continue on."


As the 2015 MAITC Teacher of the Year, Duplissie will attend the National
Agriculture in the Classroom conference in June 2015 in Louisville, Kentucky,
where he will meet other teachers from around the country and abroad who are
using agriculture to teach their students.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                              126 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

Duplissie named 2015 Maine Agriculture in the Classroom Teacher of the Year

LENGTH: 705 words

DATELINE: ORONO


- Kevin Duplissie, director and head teacher of the Child Study Center at the
University of Maine, has been named the 2015 Maine Agriculture in the Classroom
Teacher of the Year.


Duplissie, who also teaches psychology courses in cognitive and social
development in children at UMaine, has been working at the university for 27
years and teaching at the Child Study Center for 12 years.


The preschool education center offers a developmentally based curriculum focused
on agriculture, art, language and self-help. The center also serves as a lab for
the UMaine Psychology Department and other academic programs.


Duplissie, who has been using Ag in the Classroom's food, land and people
curriculum since 2008, integrates agriculture into every subject and conducts
several agriculture-related activities with the college students and preschool
children each week.


"I'm from northern Maine," Duplissie said. "I grew up surrounded by agriculture
so it's second nature to me. A lot of preschool and college students don't
understand the importance of agriculture in our lives."


Teaching children about agriculture while they're young is important, Duplissie
said, because at the preschool age, they're learning and retaining information
quickly.


"If they can learn about agriculture now, they can build upon it later," he
said. "If you explain and demonstrate agriculture to children, they're able to
grasp it, understand it and work with it."


Each year, Maine Agriculture in the Classroom recognizes an outstanding
elementary or secondary school teacher who uses agricultural education materials
and-or activities in the classroom.


With Duplissie's guidance, preschool children build greenhouses, plant gardens,
visit farms and hatch chicks every year at the center. Teaching children where
their food comes from is an important focus of the curriculum.


"We make snacks with the children, and they know where it comes from," he said,
adding that the students grew pumpkins and made cookies and muffins with them
during the fall. "We relate it all back to agriculture and the farms that grow
their food. Good nutrition is easy to relate back to agriculture. Everything we
eat comes from farms."


At the center, Duplissie works with college students from several majors,
including marine science, early development and nursing. He said he enjoys
watching the students learn while they teach others.


"I get the chance to work with students who see and use education firsthand," he
said. "The more experience and the more you do things, the more it sticks with
you. We want them to see and follow children's development, and help enhance
it."


Maine Agriculture in the Classroom is a grassroots program coordinated by the
United States Department of Agriculture and housed at the Maine Department of
Agriculture. The primary funding source in Maine is the agriculture specialty
license plate. Programs are designed to help preschool through 12th-grade
students gain a greater awareness of the role of agriculture in their daily
lives so they will become citizens who support wise agricultural policies and
local agriculture endeavors.


Duplissie and his program have received several Maine Agriculture in the
Classroom grants to fund the agriculture curriculum at the Child Study Center.
The program uses lesson plans available through Maine Agriculture in the
Classroom and provides annual field trips to local farms and orchards.


"This recognition shows that our little program is doing some pretty neat
things; even a small program like this can be reaching out. Our projects are
being replicated by other teachers in other parts of the state and they are
expanding something we have created," he said.


Duplissie said even though he's honored to be the 2015 Maine Agriculture in the
Classroom Teacher of the Year, he doesn't teach for recognition.


"I like what I'm doing," he said. "I do it because I enjoy seeing the kids learn
and grow. Those are the things that fuel me to continue on."


As the 2015 MAITC Teacher of the Year, Duplissie will attend the National
Agriculture in the Classroom conference in June 2015 in Louisville, Kentucky,
where he will meet other teachers from around the country and abroad who are
using agriculture to teach their students.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                              127 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

Hayleys Agriculture dominates Agbiz Awards 2013

LENGTH: 484 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Sept. 3 -- Hayleys Agriculture, the agribusiness division of the
Hayleys conglomerate, once again dominated the Agbiz Awards of the National
Agribusiness Council, winning 10 awards including a record five Golds at the
awards ceremony recently at the BMICH.

The chief guest was Agriculture Minister Mahinda Ya p a Abeywardena. Hayleys
Agriculture has been consistently recognized for its outstanding contribution to
agriculture in Sri Lanka and has been in the forefront of the country's
agricultural development.

Managing Director Rizvi Zaheed said, "The awards won by Hayleys is in
recognition of this outstanding contribution and gives the company the impetus
to constantly innovate, transform agriculture in Sri Lanka."

Activities of Hayleys Agriculture cover the entire range from the provision of
high quality inputs for modern and sustainable agriculture to the international
marketing of high quality value-added food and horticultural products. Hayleys
had provided the grassroots level leadership through innovation and best
practices in agriculture that has helped farmers and agribusinesses in Sri Lanka
to achieve improved yields and enhanced incomes. The company is constantly
researching and introducing appropriate and sustainable products and services to
the entire agriculture community and has helped modernize and contribute to the
development of all key areas in the agriculture, dairy and animal health
sectors.

Hayleys Agriculture pioneered the introduction of hybrid flower seeds in Sri
Lanka, developed commercial rain-water harvesting, researched and introduced
high quality seeds and planting materials, provided the leadership for
mechanization of agriculture and is the only company to have successfully taken
a wide a range of value-added agri and food products to important global
markets.

The Food Export division of Hayleys Agriculture accounts for over 47 percent of
Sri Lanka's exports of fruits and vegetables and is the only Sri Lankan company
to have expanded to such a wide range of markets across the world with
innovative and high value food products which has helped to significantly
enhance the image and capability of the country as a producer of such high
quality consumer and B2B products.

The strong involvement of Hayleys Agriculture with the farming community
throughout-grower partnerships, agri extension services and with the country's
government and research agencies has given Hayleys a prominent place in the
agriculture sector. With the aim of further contributing to the development of
Sri Lankan farmer community, Hayleys Agriculture presented the first prize of a
two-wheel tractor to the first prize winner of the Agbiz Farmer Awards.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           December 5, 2012 Wednesday

Pakistan: CM launches KPK Mechanized Farming Project

LENGTH: 524 words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, Dec. 5 -- Chief Minister Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KPK) Amir Haider Khan
Hoti has formally launched KPK Mechanized Farming Project at Tarnab Farm on
Monday. Hoti said that the project and KPK agriculture policy will prove
harbinger of progress in active government functionaries, financial improvement
of farmers and progress in agriculture production.

He said that the project will make available modern technology, environment and
facilities to enable farmers to yield more production from their limited areas.
The CM said that government's responsibilities in agriculture enhanced sector
due to 18th amendment, agriculture policy congruent to modern needs was needed.
He said that 10 years agriculture policy with assistance of F.A.O, has been
prepared bearing self-sufficiency in agriculture and achievement of priorities
in mind, adding, implementation on the policy has commenced. He said that under
the policy farmers will be provided with modern technology at subsidized rates
and other benefits and facilities. He said that resources will be provided to
Model Farms Services Center in the form of endowment fund. The province has
taken the lead in preparing agriculture policy at national and provincial level
under which guidance will be provided to agriculture sector for coming 10 years.
He said that agriculture has a role of backbone in provincial economy and our
rural development depended 80% on agriculture. He said that the present
government has allocated Rs. 2 billion to agriculture for achieving self
sufficiency in agriculture this year but the previous government has allocated
Rs.322 million. He said that the present government was committed for removal of
darkness of ignorance through light of knowledge, adding, establishment of eight
universities, scholarships for intelligent students, financial assistance to
students of far flung areas through public private partnership, financial
assistance to families for girl's education in Torghar and Kohistan districts
and other programs reflect this commitment of the government. He said that
future of the province was linked to investment in hydel power, oil and gas and
agriculture. He approved construction of road from GT Road to Tarnab Farm and
issued directives to concerned authorities in this connection. The CM
distributed endowment funds cheques among representatives of different farms
services centers and offered honorary certificates to prominent agriculture
scientists and officers and personnel of livestock and agriculture departments.
Secretary Agriculture Department, Muhammad Afsar Khan presented the welcome
address, while project manager F.A.O David Dolan threw detailed light on crux of
agriculture policy. Provincial ministers Arbab Muahammad Ayub Jan and Haji
Hidayat Ullah Khan also addressed the gathering. Earlier the CM launched
mechanized farming project by cutting the ribbon. He inspected modern
agriculture machinery and exhibition Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Manila Times

                            June 21, 2006 Wednesday

MAGSAYSAY TO GOVT: STUDENTS' INTEREST IN AGRICULTURE, FISHERY COURSES MUST BE
REVIVED

LENGTH: 459 words


SEN. Ramon Magsaysay Jr., chairman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, said
on Tuesday that the government must focus on boosting growth, opening up
business opportunities and creating more jobs in the agriculture and fisheries
sectors to rekindle Filipino students' interest in agriculture- and
fisheries-related courses.

Magsaysay was reacting to report of the Commission on Higher Education on the
diminishing interest of students in the study of agriculture and fisheries
despite the Philippines being an agriculture country.

CHED said the waning interest in the two courses is evident in the sharp decline
of enrollees from school year 2002 to 2005, which dropped by almost 50 percent.

The commission reported that at least 84,609 students were enrolled in schools
offering agriculture and fisheries courses for school year 2002-03. Enrollment
plummeted to 78,201 for SY 2003-04 and further declined to 70,680 for SY
2004-05.

CHED said that the low-employment rate for agriculture degree-holders discourage
Filipino students from enrolling in these two programs.

Magsaysay urged the government to address the problem by generating more jobs in
the agriculture and fisheries sectors and providing more scholarships and
incentives to students willing to purse agriculture and fisheries-related
courses.

Reacting on CHED's statement that it might also stop giving board examinations
for agriculture and fisheries graduates since this could have contributed to the
students' declining interest, Magsaysay said that the Agriculture and Fisheries
Modernization Act requires agriculture and fisheries graduates to take the
licensure examination. "CHED, therefore, could not just stop it without amending
the act," he said.

Magsaysay said that those who have not passed the licensure examination should
not be discouraged because they could also be given eligibility.

"Under the AFMA, those who have not passed the Civil Service Examination for
fisheries and agriculture but have served the industry in private or public
capacity for not less than five years shall be automatically granted eligibility
by the Board of Examiners," he said.

Magsaysay said that the Congressional Oversight Committee on Agriculture and
Fisheries Modernization, in coordination with the National Food and Agriculture
Council and other government institutions, has also initiated the Young Farmers'
Program to encourage young agriculture graduates and those who have not passed
the board examination, to engage in agribusiness.

"With this program, we can expect that more small and medium enterprises will be
established and more jobs would be generated especially in the countryside. This
could also minimize the migration of rural workers to the metropolis and foreign
lands," he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulation/Government Policy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2006 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              130 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          Brentwood News (California)

                      March 24, 2000 Friday FINAL EDITION

AGRICULTURAL EDUCATION SERVES YOUTH

BYLINE: Donald G. Gordon Jr.

SECTION: OPINION; Commentary; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 488 words


Each year the contributions of the American farmer are officially recognized and
honored on National Agriculture Day.

This year, it was March 20, with the week of March 19-25 set aside to teach
students about the important role that agriculture plays in their everyday lives
as part of "America's Largest Classroom on Agriculture."

Volunteers from Agriculture in the Classroom; Food, Land and People; Future
Farmers of America; 4-H and other organizations are sharing the spirit and
message of agriculture with more than 300,000 students nationwide.

Students not only learn that the milk in the carton came from a dairy cow, they
also get positive exposure to what agriculture in America means to Americans and
how it contributes to feeding a hungry world. Additionally, they learn just how
much is involved in bringing food to the table.

Most importantly, as they learn about how farmers feed and clothe the world,
students gain understanding of the career opportunities that lie ahead of them
in agriculture.

Why educate about agriculture? According to the findings of the National
Research Council there are a number of reasons:

* Agriculture is too important a subject to be taught only to the small
percentage of students pursuing vocational studies in agriculture.

* Agricultural literacy includes understanding agriculture's history and its
current economic, social and environmental significance to all Americans.

* Increased knowledge of agriculture and nutrition allows informed personal
choices about diet and health.

* Informed citizens will be able to establish the policies that will support a
competitive agricultural industry.

* Employment opportunities exist across-the-board in agriculture. Career choices
include farm production, agribusiness management and marketing, agricultural
research and engineering, food science, processing and retailing, banking,
education and landscaping.

Agriculture is one of the best-kept secrets in our booming job market. While
e-commerce, computer technology and other high-tech opportunities capture most
of the media's attention, agriculture quietly generates about 22 million jobs.
Unfortunately, careers in agriculture are not readily evident to students
because agricultural education in U.S. high schools usually does not extend
beyond a vocational agricultural program.

This is why the focus of agricultural education must to be expanded. Ideally all
students, from kindergarten through 12th grade, will receive systematic
instruction about agriculture.

In celebration of National Agriculture Day and week, the "America's Largest
Classroom on Agriculture" initiative is exploring the many career opportunities
that exists within the food and fiber industry.

Step-by-step, students will hopefully discover the world of opportunity in
modern agriculture.

Donald G. Gordon Jr. is president of the Agricultural Council of California.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                               February 27, 2017

                          Rea Vipingo Plantations Ltd.

                              1st Floor, Block D,
                      Langata Road, Wilson Business Park,
                                 NAIROBI 00500
                                     Kenya

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 254-20-6007091
FAX: 254-20-6007116
URL: Home Page: http://www.reavipingo.com/
E-MAIL: info@reavipingo.co.ke

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: REAV
CUSIP: V76993100
ISIN: KE0000000422
SEDOL: 6738833
Reuters Instrument Code: REA.NR
Display RIC: REA.NR

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 1, 1995
EMPLOYEES: 2,673

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *



OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
NAME            CURRENT TITLE (DATE)      OFFICER      DIRECTOR     AGE   SEX
                                          SINCE        SINCE
Mr. Neil        Managing Director,        2000                      59    M
Cuthbert        Director
Mr. Ian Hodson  Secretary                                                 M
Mr. Oliver      Non-Executive Chairman of                           62    M
Fowler          the Board
Mr. Richard     Non-Executive Director                              69    M
Robinow
Mr. Brown       Independent Non-Executive              2008         65    M
Ondego          Director (2008)
Mr. Stephen     Independent Non-Executive              2005               M
Waruhiu         Director (2005)

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
111998 - All Other Miscellaneous Crop Farming
SECONDARY NAICS:
551112 - Offices of  Other Holding Companies
339999 - All Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing
313111 - Yarn Spinning Mills
PRIMARY SIC:
0139 - Field Crops Excld Cash Grains Nec
SECONDARY SIC:
6719 - Holding Companies, Nec
3999 - Manufacturing Industries, Nec
2281 - Yarn Spinning Mills

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  International Financial Reporting Stand.
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170227

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 KES)
                                    09/30/2014      09/30/2013      09/30/2012
Cash                                   241,516         233,723          28,301
Cash and Short Term                    241,516         233,723          28,301
Investments
Accounts Receivable - Trade,           536,194         359,322         193,498
Net
Receivables - Other                     16,736           4,825         175,040
Total Receivables, Net                 552,930         364,147         368,538
Total Inventory                        493,872         443,017         461,210
Total Current Assets                 1,288,318       1,040,887         879,556
Natural Resources - Gross              951,834         883,019         656,077
Property/Plant/Equipment,              951,834         883,019       2,005,605
Total - Gross
Property/Plant/Equipment,            1,799,282       1,716,783       1,462,521
Total - Net
LT Investments - Other                  13,660          13,715          13,770
Long Term Investments                   13,660          13,715          13,770
Pension Benefits - Overfunded           98,190          59,606          18,880
Defered Income Tax - Long Term           3,681           3,020           1,891
Asset
Other Long Term Assets, Total          101,871          62,626          20,771
Total Assets                         3,203,131       2,834,011       2,376,618



LIABILITIES ('000 KES)
                                    09/30/2014      09/30/2013      09/30/2012
Current Port. of LT                     29,607          29,603          41,093
Debt/Capital Leases
Other Current liabilities,               4,288          47,369          47,328
Total
Total Current Liabilities              198,051         220,663         257,984
Total Debt                              29,607          58,338         151,103
Deferred Income Tax - LT               356,294         327,114         242,457
Liability
Deferred Income Tax                    356,294         327,114         242,457
Pension Benefits - Underfunded         164,813         135,837         105,427
Other Liabilities, Total               164,813         135,837         105,427
Total Liabilities                      719,158         712,349         654,473



EQUITY ('000 KES)
                                    09/30/2014      09/30/2013      09/30/2012
Common Stock                           300,000         300,000         300,000
Common Stock, Total                    300,000         300,000         300,000
Additional Paid-In Capital              84,496          84,496          84,496
Retained Earnings (Accumulated       2,224,852       1,855,010       1,452,752
Deficit)
Translation Adjustment               (125,375)       (117,844)       (115,103)
Other Equity, Total                  (125,375)       (117,844)       (115,103)
Total Equity                         2,483,973       2,121,662       1,722,145
Total Liabilities &                  3,203,131       2,834,011       2,376,618
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock              60,000          60,000          60,000
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                     60,000          60,000          60,000
Outstanding



RATIOS
                                    09/30/2014      09/30/2013      09/30/2012
Total Current Assets less              794,446         597,870         418,346
Inventory('000 KES)
Quick Ratio                                  4               3               2
Current Ratio                                7               5               3
Net Debt Incl. Pref.Stock &          (211,909)       (175,385)         122,802
Min.Interest('000 KES)
Tangible Book Value, Common          2,483,973       2,121,662       1,722,145
Equity('000 KES)
Tangible Book Value per Share,              41              35              29
Common Eq (KES)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 KES)
                                    09/30/2014      09/30/2013      09/30/2012
Net Sales                            2,772,647       2,798,257       2,659,364
Revenue                              2,772,647       2,798,257       2,659,364
Total Revenue                        2,772,647       2,798,257       2,659,364
Cost of Revenue                      1,482,238       1,422,005       1,394,208
Cost of Revenue, Total               1,482,238       1,422,005       1,394,208
Gross Profit                         1,290,409       1,376,252       1,265,156
Selling/General/Administrative         788,004         719,463         659,321
Expense
Selling/General/Admin.                 788,004         719,463         659,321
Expenses, Total
Investment Income - Operating            (879)           (503)          32,266
Interest/Investment Income -             (879)           (503)          32,214
Operating
Interest                                 (879)           (503)          59,431
Exp.(Inc.),Net-Operating,
Total
Other Operating Expense                  3,876           3,554           3,392
Other, Net                            (16,702)         (2,682)        (12,281)
Other Operating Expenses,             (12,826)             872         (8,889)
Total
Total Operating Expense              2,256,537       2,141,837       2,104,071
Operating Income                       516,110         656,420         555,293
Net Income Before Taxes                530,803         651,342         555,293
Provision for Income Taxes             179,874         206,531         174,860
Net Income After Taxes                 350,929         444,811         380,433
Net Income Before Extra. Items         350,929         444,811         380,433
Income Available to Com Excl           350,929         444,811         380,433
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares           60,000          60,000          60,000
Basic EPS Excluding                          6               7               6
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average                60,000          60,000          60,000
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd               6               7               6
Items



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 KES)
                                    09/30/2014      09/30/2013      09/30/2012
Net Income                             350,929         444,811         380,433
Income Available to Com Incl           350,929         444,811         380,433
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 KES)
                                    09/30/2014      09/30/2013      09/30/2012
Total Special Items                    (6,510)         (9,878)         (7,100)
Normalized Income Before Taxes         524,293         641,464         548,193
Effect of Special Items on             (2,206)         (3,132)         (2,236)
Income Taxes
Inc Tax Ex Impact of Sp Items          177,668         203,399         172,624
Normalized Income After Taxes          346,625         438,065         375,569
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.          346,625         438,065         375,569
Basic Normalized EPS                         6               7               6
Diluted Normalized EPS                       6               7               6



RATIOS
                                    09/30/2014      09/30/2013      09/30/2012
Gross Margin                                47              49              48
Operating Margin                            19              23              21
Pretax Margin                               19              23              21
Effective Tax Rate                          34              32              31
Net Profit Margin                           13              16              14
Normalized EBIT('000 KES)              508,721         646,039         607,624
Normalized EBITDA('000 KES)            620,275         748,053         692,968



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 KES)
                                    09/30/2014      09/30/2013      09/30/2012
Basic EPS Including                          6               7               6
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                         351             445             380
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd               6               7               6
Items



FOOTNOTE
                                    09/30/2014      09/30/2013      09/30/2012
Interest Expense, Supplemental           3,190           7,686          27,217
Depreciation, Supplemental             111,554         102,014          85,344
Rental Expense, Supplemental            15,770          15,367          16,088

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 KES)
                                    09/30/2014      09/30/2013      09/30/2012
Other Operating Cash Flow              158,167        (71,873)       (197,218)
Changes in Working Capital             158,167        (34,233)       (240,405)
Cash from Operating Activities         158,167         482,874         332,658
Purchase of Fixed Assets             (129,783)       (133,182)       (166,411)
Capital Expenditures                 (129,783)       (133,182)       (166,411)
Sale of Fixed Assets                     8,019          12,511           7,572
Other Investing Cash Flow                8,019          12,511           7,572
Items, Total
Cash from Investing Activities       (121,764)       (120,671)       (158,839)
Long Term Debt Reduction              (28,036)        (44,834)        (50,200)
Long Term Debt, Net                   (28,036)        (30,889)        (50,200)
Issuance (Retirement) of Debt,        (28,036)        (30,889)        (50,200)
Net
Cash from Financing Activities        (28,036)        (96,889)       (116,200)
Foreign Exchange Effects                 (574)           1,513           3,324
Net Change in Cash                       7,793         266,827          60,943
Net Cash - Beginning Balance           233,723        (33,104)        (94,047)
Net Cash - Ending Balance              241,516         233,723        (33,104)
Cash Interest Paid                       3,190           7,686          27,217
Cash Taxes Paid                        213,143          66,795         170,053

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       1,288,318
KES)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                      1,686,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,203,131
KES)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                        3,801,542
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          3,380,389
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,483,973
year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,942,491
('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,228,002
1 year ago ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,483,973
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,942,491
quarter ('000 KES)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         661,363
Cash and Equivalents ('000 KES)                                         241,516
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          493,872
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              522,917
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          198,051
('000 KES)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        302,932
KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            719,158
('000 KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          859,051
KES)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                        552,930
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                            502,220
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,483,973
('000 KES)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,942,491
KES)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          29,607
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                        28,384
KES)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         445,170
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           468,627
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,636
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 KES)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     23
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .92
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.00
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.16
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   3.13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     3.13
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.19
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 7.37
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.84
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    6.50
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        5.57
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.48
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              4.05
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .55
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             10.52
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.01
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.84
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.73
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .92
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              1.18
year
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          1.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                           1.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             18.17
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             23.06
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         86.94
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 37.72
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 86.94
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       28.46
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.02
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  20.56
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      20.68
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             18.35
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            321.92
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             130.15
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -21.11
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                98.37
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  10.55
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   18.70
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          47.71
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            6.92
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -9.10
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.10
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         321.97
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      130.17
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  98.38
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.11
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            18.70
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                      4.41
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.78
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          30.83
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            20.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           -.92
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              12.01
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               13.68
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               13.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.95
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                               18.44
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,482,238
KES)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           798,971
KES)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                      1,534,250
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          350,929
('000 KES)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        522,653
KES)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         749,721
KES)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          346,625
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         530,803
('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       761,251
KES)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                       1,100,520
KES)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          524,293
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                               508,721
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                   713,029
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                   1,038,869
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                              620,275
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 KES)                           748,053
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                  713,029
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                  1,038,869
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          3,190
KES)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                           445
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           1,900
Net Income available to common - most recent                            350,929
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            522,653
quarter ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            749,721
months ('000 KES)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       346,625
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          2,772,647
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              1,917,951
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          2,814,771
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                3,383,887
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 32.12
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        33.89
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.71
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            31.34
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              31.88
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                         179,874
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                             238,598
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                               350,799
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        350,929
KES)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        749,721
KES)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                12,494
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 KES)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 KES)                            749,721
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 14.86
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             11.63
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            29.76
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              13.76
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              22.18
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 21.30
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             15.24
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            38.42
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              18.62
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              29.00
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     17.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.49
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                32.06
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  24.20
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              41,400
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              49,042
recent quarter ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            41,400
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            49,042
quarter ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,163
year ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             3,415
('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           2,322
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             7,708
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         9,114
('000 KES)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,025
KES)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                          11,023
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           17,314
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            5,849
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            8,710
recent quarter ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                12,494
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,777
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             473
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             4,728
('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            391
1 (not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           14,797
(annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,419
(not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           164
year ago ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              7,810
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,211
KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         63,751
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 31,963
annualized) ('000 KES)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                             56,395
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          15.59
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            1.84
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   15.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     1.92
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          4.01
year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                           65.40
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.96
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .67
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .49
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .55
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .63
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             24.64
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    22.37
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          30.70
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 46.54
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 49.18
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             47.71
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        58.34
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          54.66
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        14.32
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          12.66
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          15.90
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 27.25
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.43
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   22.16
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             18.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             23.46
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         21.02
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    38.96
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      31.83
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                19.14
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                23.28
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            21.10
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       39.69
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         32.52
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            28.42
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           20.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.15
Float                                                                      3.23
Market capitalization ('000 KES)                                      1,856,250
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             60.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            60.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          60.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         60.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            60.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              60.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         60.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            60.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             5.38



Cash Flow
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       1,288,318
KES)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                      1,686,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,203,131
KES)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                        3,801,542
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          3,380,389
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,483,973
year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,942,491
('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,228,002
1 year ago ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,483,973
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,942,491
quarter ('000 KES)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         661,363
Cash and Equivalents ('000 KES)                                         241,516
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          493,872
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              522,917
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          198,051
('000 KES)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        302,932
KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            719,158
('000 KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          859,051
KES)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                        552,930
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                            502,220
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,483,973
('000 KES)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,942,491
KES)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          29,607
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                        28,384
KES)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         445,170
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           468,627
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,636
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 KES)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     23
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .92
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.00
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.16
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   3.13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     3.13
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.19
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 7.37
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.84
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    6.50
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        5.57
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.48
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              4.05
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .55
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             10.52
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.01
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.84
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.73
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .92
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              1.18
year
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          1.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                           1.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             18.17
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             23.06
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         86.94
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 37.72
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 86.94
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       28.46
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.02
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  20.56
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      20.68
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             18.35
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            321.92
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             130.15
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -21.11
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                98.37
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  10.55
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   18.70
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          47.71
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            6.92
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -9.10
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.10
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         321.97
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      130.17
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  98.38
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.11
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            18.70
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                      4.41
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.78
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          30.83
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            20.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           -.92
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              12.01
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               13.68
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               13.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.95
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                               18.44
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,482,238
KES)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           798,971
KES)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                      1,534,250
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          350,929
('000 KES)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        522,653
KES)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         749,721
KES)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          346,625
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         530,803
('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       761,251
KES)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                       1,100,520
KES)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          524,293
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                               508,721
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                   713,029
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                   1,038,869
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                              620,275
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 KES)                           748,053
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                  713,029
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                  1,038,869
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          3,190
KES)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                           445
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           1,900
Net Income available to common - most recent                            350,929
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            522,653
quarter ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            749,721
months ('000 KES)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       346,625
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          2,772,647
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              1,917,951
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          2,814,771
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                3,383,887
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 32.12
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        33.89
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.71
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            31.34
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              31.88
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                         179,874
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                             238,598
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                               350,799
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        350,929
KES)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        749,721
KES)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                12,494
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 KES)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 KES)                            749,721
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 14.86
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             11.63
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            29.76
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              13.76
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              22.18
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 21.30
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             15.24
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            38.42
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              18.62
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              29.00
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     17.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.49
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                32.06
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  24.20
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              41,400
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              49,042
recent quarter ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            41,400
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            49,042
quarter ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,163
year ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             3,415
('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           2,322
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             7,708
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         9,114
('000 KES)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,025
KES)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                          11,023
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           17,314
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            5,849
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            8,710
recent quarter ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                12,494
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,777
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             473
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             4,728
('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            391
1 (not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           14,797
(annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,419
(not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           164
year ago ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              7,810
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,211
KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         63,751
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 31,963
annualized) ('000 KES)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                             56,395
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          15.59
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            1.84
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   15.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     1.92
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          4.01
year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                           65.40
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.96
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .67
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .49
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .55
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .63
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             24.64
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    22.37
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          30.70
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 46.54
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 49.18
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             47.71
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        58.34
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          54.66
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        14.32
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          12.66
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          15.90
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 27.25
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.43
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   22.16
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             18.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             23.46
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         21.02
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    38.96
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      31.83
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                19.14
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                23.28
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            21.10
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       39.69
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         32.52
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            28.42
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           20.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.15
Float                                                                      3.23
Market capitalization ('000 KES)                                      1,856,250
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             60.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            60.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          60.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         60.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            60.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              60.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         60.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            60.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             5.38



Descriptive
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       1,288,318
KES)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                      1,686,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,203,131
KES)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                        3,801,542
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          3,380,389
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,483,973
year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,942,491
('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,228,002
1 year ago ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,483,973
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,942,491
quarter ('000 KES)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         661,363
Cash and Equivalents ('000 KES)                                         241,516
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          493,872
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              522,917
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          198,051
('000 KES)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        302,932
KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            719,158
('000 KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          859,051
KES)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                        552,930
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                            502,220
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,483,973
('000 KES)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,942,491
KES)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          29,607
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                        28,384
KES)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         445,170
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           468,627
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,636
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 KES)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     23
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .92
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.00
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.16
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   3.13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     3.13
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.19
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 7.37
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.84
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    6.50
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        5.57
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.48
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              4.05
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .55
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             10.52
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.01
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.84
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.73
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .92
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              1.18
year
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          1.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                           1.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             18.17
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             23.06
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         86.94
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 37.72
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 86.94
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       28.46
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.02
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  20.56
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      20.68
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             18.35
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            321.92
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             130.15
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -21.11
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                98.37
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  10.55
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   18.70
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          47.71
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            6.92
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -9.10
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.10
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         321.97
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      130.17
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  98.38
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.11
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            18.70
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                      4.41
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.78
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          30.83
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            20.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           -.92
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              12.01
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               13.68
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               13.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.95
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                               18.44
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,482,238
KES)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           798,971
KES)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                      1,534,250
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          350,929
('000 KES)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        522,653
KES)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         749,721
KES)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          346,625
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         530,803
('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       761,251
KES)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                       1,100,520
KES)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          524,293
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                               508,721
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                   713,029
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                   1,038,869
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                              620,275
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 KES)                           748,053
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                  713,029
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                  1,038,869
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          3,190
KES)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                           445
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           1,900
Net Income available to common - most recent                            350,929
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            522,653
quarter ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            749,721
months ('000 KES)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       346,625
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          2,772,647
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              1,917,951
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          2,814,771
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                3,383,887
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 32.12
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        33.89
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.71
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            31.34
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              31.88
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                         179,874
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                             238,598
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                               350,799
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        350,929
KES)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        749,721
KES)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                12,494
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 KES)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 KES)                            749,721
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 14.86
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             11.63
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            29.76
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              13.76
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              22.18
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 21.30
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             15.24
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            38.42
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              18.62
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              29.00
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     17.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.49
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                32.06
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  24.20
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              41,400
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              49,042
recent quarter ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            41,400
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            49,042
quarter ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,163
year ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             3,415
('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           2,322
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             7,708
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         9,114
('000 KES)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,025
KES)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                          11,023
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           17,314
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            5,849
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            8,710
recent quarter ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                12,494
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,777
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             473
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             4,728
('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            391
1 (not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           14,797
(annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,419
(not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           164
year ago ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              7,810
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,211
KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         63,751
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 31,963
annualized) ('000 KES)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                             56,395
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          15.59
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            1.84
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   15.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     1.92
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          4.01
year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                           65.40
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.96
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .67
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .49
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .55
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .63
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             24.64
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    22.37
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          30.70
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 46.54
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 49.18
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             47.71
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        58.34
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          54.66
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        14.32
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          12.66
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          15.90
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 27.25
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.43
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   22.16
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             18.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             23.46
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         21.02
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    38.96
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      31.83
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                19.14
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                23.28
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            21.10
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       39.69
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         32.52
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            28.42
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           20.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.15
Float                                                                      3.23
Market capitalization ('000 KES)                                      1,856,250
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             60.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            60.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          60.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         60.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            60.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              60.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         60.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            60.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             5.38



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       1,288,318
KES)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                      1,686,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,203,131
KES)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                        3,801,542
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          3,380,389
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,483,973
year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,942,491
('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,228,002
1 year ago ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,483,973
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,942,491
quarter ('000 KES)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         661,363
Cash and Equivalents ('000 KES)                                         241,516
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          493,872
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              522,917
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          198,051
('000 KES)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        302,932
KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            719,158
('000 KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          859,051
KES)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                        552,930
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                            502,220
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,483,973
('000 KES)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,942,491
KES)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          29,607
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                        28,384
KES)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         445,170
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           468,627
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,636
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 KES)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     23
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .92
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.00
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.16
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   3.13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     3.13
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.19
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 7.37
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.84
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    6.50
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        5.57
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.48
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              4.05
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .55
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             10.52
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.01
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.84
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.73
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .92
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              1.18
year
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          1.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                           1.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             18.17
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             23.06
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         86.94
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 37.72
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 86.94
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       28.46
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.02
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  20.56
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      20.68
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             18.35
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            321.92
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             130.15
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -21.11
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                98.37
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  10.55
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   18.70
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          47.71
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            6.92
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -9.10
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.10
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         321.97
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      130.17
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  98.38
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.11
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            18.70
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                      4.41
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.78
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          30.83
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            20.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           -.92
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              12.01
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               13.68
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               13.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.95
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                               18.44
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,482,238
KES)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           798,971
KES)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                      1,534,250
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          350,929
('000 KES)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        522,653
KES)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         749,721
KES)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          346,625
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         530,803
('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       761,251
KES)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                       1,100,520
KES)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          524,293
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                               508,721
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                   713,029
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                   1,038,869
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                              620,275
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 KES)                           748,053
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                  713,029
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                  1,038,869
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          3,190
KES)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                           445
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           1,900
Net Income available to common - most recent                            350,929
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            522,653
quarter ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            749,721
months ('000 KES)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       346,625
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          2,772,647
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              1,917,951
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          2,814,771
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                3,383,887
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 32.12
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        33.89
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.71
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            31.34
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              31.88
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                         179,874
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                             238,598
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                               350,799
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        350,929
KES)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        749,721
KES)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                12,494
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 KES)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 KES)                            749,721
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 14.86
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             11.63
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            29.76
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              13.76
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              22.18
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 21.30
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             15.24
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            38.42
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              18.62
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              29.00
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     17.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.49
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                32.06
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  24.20
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              41,400
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              49,042
recent quarter ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            41,400
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            49,042
quarter ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,163
year ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             3,415
('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           2,322
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             7,708
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         9,114
('000 KES)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,025
KES)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                          11,023
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           17,314
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            5,849
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            8,710
recent quarter ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                12,494
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,777
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             473
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             4,728
('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            391
1 (not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           14,797
(annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,419
(not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           164
year ago ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              7,810
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,211
KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         63,751
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 31,963
annualized) ('000 KES)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                             56,395
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          15.59
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            1.84
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   15.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     1.92
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          4.01
year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                           65.40
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.96
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .67
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .49
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .55
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .63
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             24.64
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    22.37
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          30.70
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 46.54
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 49.18
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             47.71
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        58.34
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          54.66
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        14.32
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          12.66
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          15.90
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 27.25
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.43
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   22.16
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             18.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             23.46
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         21.02
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    38.96
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      31.83
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                19.14
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                23.28
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            21.10
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       39.69
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         32.52
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            28.42
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           20.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.15
Float                                                                      3.23
Market capitalization ('000 KES)                                      1,856,250
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             60.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            60.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          60.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         60.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            60.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              60.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         60.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            60.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             5.38



Financial Strength
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       1,288,318
KES)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                      1,686,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,203,131
KES)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                        3,801,542
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          3,380,389
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,483,973
year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,942,491
('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,228,002
1 year ago ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,483,973
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,942,491
quarter ('000 KES)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         661,363
Cash and Equivalents ('000 KES)                                         241,516
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          493,872
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              522,917
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          198,051
('000 KES)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        302,932
KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            719,158
('000 KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          859,051
KES)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                        552,930
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                            502,220
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,483,973
('000 KES)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,942,491
KES)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          29,607
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                        28,384
KES)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         445,170
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           468,627
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,636
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 KES)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     23
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .92
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.00
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.16
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   3.13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     3.13
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.19
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 7.37
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.84
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    6.50
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        5.57
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.48
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              4.05
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .55
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             10.52
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.01
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.84
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.73
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .92
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              1.18
year
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          1.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                           1.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             18.17
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             23.06
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         86.94
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 37.72
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 86.94
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       28.46
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.02
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  20.56
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      20.68
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             18.35
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            321.92
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             130.15
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -21.11
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                98.37
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  10.55
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   18.70
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          47.71
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            6.92
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -9.10
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.10
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         321.97
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      130.17
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  98.38
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.11
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            18.70
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                      4.41
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.78
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          30.83
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            20.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           -.92
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              12.01
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               13.68
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               13.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.95
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                               18.44
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,482,238
KES)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           798,971
KES)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                      1,534,250
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          350,929
('000 KES)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        522,653
KES)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         749,721
KES)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          346,625
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         530,803
('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       761,251
KES)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                       1,100,520
KES)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          524,293
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                               508,721
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                   713,029
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                   1,038,869
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                              620,275
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 KES)                           748,053
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                  713,029
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                  1,038,869
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          3,190
KES)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                           445
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           1,900
Net Income available to common - most recent                            350,929
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            522,653
quarter ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            749,721
months ('000 KES)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       346,625
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          2,772,647
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              1,917,951
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          2,814,771
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                3,383,887
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 32.12
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        33.89
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.71
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            31.34
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              31.88
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                         179,874
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                             238,598
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                               350,799
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        350,929
KES)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        749,721
KES)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                12,494
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 KES)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 KES)                            749,721
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 14.86
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             11.63
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            29.76
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              13.76
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              22.18
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 21.30
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             15.24
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            38.42
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              18.62
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              29.00
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     17.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.49
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                32.06
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  24.20
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              41,400
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              49,042
recent quarter ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            41,400
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            49,042
quarter ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,163
year ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             3,415
('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           2,322
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             7,708
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         9,114
('000 KES)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,025
KES)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                          11,023
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           17,314
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            5,849
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            8,710
recent quarter ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                12,494
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,777
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             473
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             4,728
('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            391
1 (not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           14,797
(annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,419
(not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           164
year ago ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              7,810
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,211
KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         63,751
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 31,963
annualized) ('000 KES)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                             56,395
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          15.59
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            1.84
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   15.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     1.92
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          4.01
year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                           65.40
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.96
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .67
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .49
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .55
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .63
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             24.64
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    22.37
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          30.70
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 46.54
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 49.18
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             47.71
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        58.34
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          54.66
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        14.32
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          12.66
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          15.90
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 27.25
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.43
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   22.16
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             18.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             23.46
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         21.02
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    38.96
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      31.83
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                19.14
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                23.28
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            21.10
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       39.69
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         32.52
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            28.42
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           20.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.15
Float                                                                      3.23
Market capitalization ('000 KES)                                      1,856,250
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             60.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            60.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          60.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         60.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            60.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              60.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         60.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            60.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             5.38



Growth Rates
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       1,288,318
KES)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                      1,686,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,203,131
KES)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                        3,801,542
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          3,380,389
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,483,973
year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,942,491
('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,228,002
1 year ago ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,483,973
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,942,491
quarter ('000 KES)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         661,363
Cash and Equivalents ('000 KES)                                         241,516
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          493,872
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              522,917
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          198,051
('000 KES)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        302,932
KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            719,158
('000 KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          859,051
KES)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                        552,930
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                            502,220
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,483,973
('000 KES)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,942,491
KES)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          29,607
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                        28,384
KES)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         445,170
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           468,627
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,636
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 KES)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     23
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .92
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.00
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.16
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   3.13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     3.13
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.19
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 7.37
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.84
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    6.50
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        5.57
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.48
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              4.05
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .55
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             10.52
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.01
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.84
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.73
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .92
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              1.18
year
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          1.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                           1.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             18.17
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             23.06
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         86.94
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 37.72
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 86.94
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       28.46
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.02
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  20.56
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      20.68
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             18.35
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            321.92
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             130.15
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -21.11
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                98.37
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  10.55
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   18.70
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          47.71
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            6.92
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -9.10
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.10
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         321.97
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      130.17
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  98.38
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.11
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            18.70
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                      4.41
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.78
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          30.83
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            20.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           -.92
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              12.01
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               13.68
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               13.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.95
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                               18.44
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,482,238
KES)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           798,971
KES)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                      1,534,250
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          350,929
('000 KES)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        522,653
KES)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         749,721
KES)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          346,625
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         530,803
('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       761,251
KES)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                       1,100,520
KES)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          524,293
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                               508,721
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                   713,029
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                   1,038,869
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                              620,275
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 KES)                           748,053
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                  713,029
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                  1,038,869
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          3,190
KES)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                           445
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           1,900
Net Income available to common - most recent                            350,929
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            522,653
quarter ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            749,721
months ('000 KES)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       346,625
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          2,772,647
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              1,917,951
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          2,814,771
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                3,383,887
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 32.12
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        33.89
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.71
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            31.34
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              31.88
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                         179,874
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                             238,598
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                               350,799
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        350,929
KES)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        749,721
KES)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                12,494
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 KES)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 KES)                            749,721
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 14.86
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             11.63
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            29.76
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              13.76
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              22.18
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 21.30
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             15.24
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            38.42
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              18.62
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              29.00
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     17.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.49
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                32.06
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  24.20
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              41,400
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              49,042
recent quarter ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            41,400
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            49,042
quarter ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,163
year ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             3,415
('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           2,322
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             7,708
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         9,114
('000 KES)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,025
KES)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                          11,023
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           17,314
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            5,849
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            8,710
recent quarter ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                12,494
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,777
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             473
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             4,728
('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            391
1 (not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           14,797
(annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,419
(not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           164
year ago ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              7,810
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,211
KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         63,751
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 31,963
annualized) ('000 KES)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                             56,395
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          15.59
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            1.84
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   15.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     1.92
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          4.01
year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                           65.40
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.96
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .67
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .49
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .55
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .63
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             24.64
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    22.37
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          30.70
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 46.54
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 49.18
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             47.71
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        58.34
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          54.66
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        14.32
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          12.66
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          15.90
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 27.25
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.43
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   22.16
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             18.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             23.46
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         21.02
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    38.96
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      31.83
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                19.14
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                23.28
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            21.10
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       39.69
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         32.52
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            28.42
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           20.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.15
Float                                                                      3.23
Market capitalization ('000 KES)                                      1,856,250
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             60.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            60.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          60.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         60.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            60.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              60.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         60.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            60.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             5.38



Income Statement
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       1,288,318
KES)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                      1,686,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,203,131
KES)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                        3,801,542
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          3,380,389
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,483,973
year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,942,491
('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,228,002
1 year ago ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,483,973
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,942,491
quarter ('000 KES)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         661,363
Cash and Equivalents ('000 KES)                                         241,516
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          493,872
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              522,917
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          198,051
('000 KES)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        302,932
KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            719,158
('000 KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          859,051
KES)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                        552,930
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                            502,220
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,483,973
('000 KES)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,942,491
KES)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          29,607
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                        28,384
KES)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         445,170
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           468,627
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,636
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 KES)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     23
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .92
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.00
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.16
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   3.13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     3.13
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.19
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 7.37
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.84
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    6.50
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        5.57
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.48
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              4.05
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .55
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             10.52
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.01
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.84
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.73
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .92
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              1.18
year
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          1.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                           1.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             18.17
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             23.06
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         86.94
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 37.72
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 86.94
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       28.46
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.02
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  20.56
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      20.68
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             18.35
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            321.92
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             130.15
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -21.11
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                98.37
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  10.55
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   18.70
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          47.71
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            6.92
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -9.10
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.10
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         321.97
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      130.17
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  98.38
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.11
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            18.70
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                      4.41
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.78
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          30.83
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            20.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           -.92
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              12.01
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               13.68
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               13.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.95
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                               18.44
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,482,238
KES)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           798,971
KES)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                      1,534,250
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          350,929
('000 KES)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        522,653
KES)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         749,721
KES)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          346,625
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         530,803
('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       761,251
KES)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                       1,100,520
KES)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          524,293
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                               508,721
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                   713,029
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                   1,038,869
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                              620,275
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 KES)                           748,053
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                  713,029
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                  1,038,869
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          3,190
KES)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                           445
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           1,900
Net Income available to common - most recent                            350,929
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            522,653
quarter ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            749,721
months ('000 KES)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       346,625
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          2,772,647
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              1,917,951
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          2,814,771
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                3,383,887
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 32.12
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        33.89
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.71
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            31.34
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              31.88
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                         179,874
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                             238,598
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                               350,799
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        350,929
KES)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        749,721
KES)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                12,494
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 KES)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 KES)                            749,721
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 14.86
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             11.63
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            29.76
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              13.76
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              22.18
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 21.30
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             15.24
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            38.42
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              18.62
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              29.00
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     17.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.49
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                32.06
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  24.20
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              41,400
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              49,042
recent quarter ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            41,400
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            49,042
quarter ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,163
year ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             3,415
('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           2,322
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             7,708
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         9,114
('000 KES)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,025
KES)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                          11,023
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           17,314
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            5,849
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            8,710
recent quarter ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                12,494
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,777
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             473
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             4,728
('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            391
1 (not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           14,797
(annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,419
(not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           164
year ago ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              7,810
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,211
KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         63,751
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 31,963
annualized) ('000 KES)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                             56,395
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          15.59
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            1.84
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   15.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     1.92
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          4.01
year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                           65.40
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.96
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .67
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .49
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .55
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .63
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             24.64
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    22.37
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          30.70
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 46.54
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 49.18
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             47.71
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        58.34
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          54.66
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        14.32
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          12.66
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          15.90
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 27.25
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.43
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   22.16
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             18.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             23.46
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         21.02
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    38.96
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      31.83
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                19.14
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                23.28
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            21.10
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       39.69
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         32.52
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            28.42
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           20.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.15
Float                                                                      3.23
Market capitalization ('000 KES)                                      1,856,250
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             60.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            60.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          60.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         60.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            60.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              60.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         60.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            60.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             5.38



Management Effectiveness
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       1,288,318
KES)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                      1,686,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,203,131
KES)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                        3,801,542
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          3,380,389
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,483,973
year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,942,491
('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,228,002
1 year ago ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,483,973
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,942,491
quarter ('000 KES)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         661,363
Cash and Equivalents ('000 KES)                                         241,516
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          493,872
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              522,917
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          198,051
('000 KES)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        302,932
KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            719,158
('000 KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          859,051
KES)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                        552,930
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                            502,220
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,483,973
('000 KES)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,942,491
KES)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          29,607
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                        28,384
KES)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         445,170
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           468,627
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,636
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 KES)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     23
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .92
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.00
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.16
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   3.13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     3.13
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.19
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 7.37
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.84
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    6.50
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        5.57
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.48
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              4.05
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .55
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             10.52
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.01
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.84
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.73
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .92
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              1.18
year
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          1.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                           1.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             18.17
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             23.06
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         86.94
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 37.72
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 86.94
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       28.46
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.02
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  20.56
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      20.68
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             18.35
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            321.92
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             130.15
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -21.11
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                98.37
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  10.55
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   18.70
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          47.71
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            6.92
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -9.10
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.10
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         321.97
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      130.17
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  98.38
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.11
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            18.70
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                      4.41
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.78
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          30.83
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            20.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           -.92
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              12.01
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               13.68
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               13.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.95
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                               18.44
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,482,238
KES)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           798,971
KES)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                      1,534,250
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          350,929
('000 KES)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        522,653
KES)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         749,721
KES)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          346,625
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         530,803
('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       761,251
KES)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                       1,100,520
KES)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          524,293
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                               508,721
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                   713,029
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                   1,038,869
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                              620,275
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 KES)                           748,053
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                  713,029
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                  1,038,869
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          3,190
KES)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                           445
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           1,900
Net Income available to common - most recent                            350,929
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            522,653
quarter ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            749,721
months ('000 KES)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       346,625
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          2,772,647
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              1,917,951
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          2,814,771
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                3,383,887
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 32.12
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        33.89
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.71
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            31.34
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              31.88
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                         179,874
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                             238,598
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                               350,799
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        350,929
KES)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        749,721
KES)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                12,494
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 KES)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 KES)                            749,721
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 14.86
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             11.63
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            29.76
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              13.76
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              22.18
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 21.30
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             15.24
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            38.42
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              18.62
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              29.00
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     17.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.49
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                32.06
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  24.20
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              41,400
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              49,042
recent quarter ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            41,400
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            49,042
quarter ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,163
year ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             3,415
('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           2,322
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             7,708
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         9,114
('000 KES)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,025
KES)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                          11,023
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           17,314
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            5,849
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            8,710
recent quarter ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                12,494
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,777
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             473
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             4,728
('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            391
1 (not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           14,797
(annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,419
(not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           164
year ago ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              7,810
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,211
KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         63,751
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 31,963
annualized) ('000 KES)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                             56,395
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          15.59
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            1.84
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   15.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     1.92
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          4.01
year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                           65.40
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.96
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .67
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .49
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .55
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .63
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             24.64
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    22.37
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          30.70
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 46.54
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 49.18
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             47.71
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        58.34
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          54.66
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        14.32
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          12.66
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          15.90
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 27.25
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.43
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   22.16
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             18.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             23.46
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         21.02
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    38.96
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      31.83
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                19.14
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                23.28
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            21.10
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       39.69
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         32.52
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            28.42
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           20.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.15
Float                                                                      3.23
Market capitalization ('000 KES)                                      1,856,250
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             60.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            60.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          60.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         60.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            60.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              60.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         60.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            60.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             5.38



Per Share Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       1,288,318
KES)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                      1,686,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,203,131
KES)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                        3,801,542
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          3,380,389
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,483,973
year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,942,491
('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,228,002
1 year ago ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,483,973
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,942,491
quarter ('000 KES)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         661,363
Cash and Equivalents ('000 KES)                                         241,516
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          493,872
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              522,917
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          198,051
('000 KES)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        302,932
KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            719,158
('000 KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          859,051
KES)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                        552,930
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                            502,220
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,483,973
('000 KES)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,942,491
KES)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          29,607
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                        28,384
KES)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         445,170
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           468,627
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,636
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 KES)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     23
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .92
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.00
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.16
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   3.13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     3.13
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.19
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 7.37
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.84
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    6.50
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        5.57
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.48
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              4.05
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .55
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             10.52
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.01
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.84
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.73
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .92
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              1.18
year
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          1.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                           1.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             18.17
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             23.06
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         86.94
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 37.72
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 86.94
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       28.46
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.02
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  20.56
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      20.68
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             18.35
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            321.92
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             130.15
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -21.11
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                98.37
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  10.55
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   18.70
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          47.71
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            6.92
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -9.10
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.10
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         321.97
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      130.17
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  98.38
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.11
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            18.70
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                      4.41
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.78
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          30.83
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            20.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           -.92
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              12.01
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               13.68
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               13.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.95
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                               18.44
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,482,238
KES)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           798,971
KES)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                      1,534,250
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          350,929
('000 KES)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        522,653
KES)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         749,721
KES)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          346,625
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         530,803
('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       761,251
KES)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                       1,100,520
KES)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          524,293
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                               508,721
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                   713,029
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                   1,038,869
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                              620,275
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 KES)                           748,053
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                  713,029
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                  1,038,869
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          3,190
KES)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                           445
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           1,900
Net Income available to common - most recent                            350,929
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            522,653
quarter ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            749,721
months ('000 KES)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       346,625
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          2,772,647
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              1,917,951
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          2,814,771
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                3,383,887
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 32.12
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        33.89
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.71
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            31.34
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              31.88
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                         179,874
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                             238,598
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                               350,799
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        350,929
KES)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        749,721
KES)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                12,494
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 KES)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 KES)                            749,721
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 14.86
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             11.63
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            29.76
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              13.76
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              22.18
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 21.30
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             15.24
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            38.42
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              18.62
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              29.00
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     17.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.49
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                32.06
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  24.20
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              41,400
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              49,042
recent quarter ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            41,400
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            49,042
quarter ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,163
year ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             3,415
('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           2,322
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             7,708
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         9,114
('000 KES)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,025
KES)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                          11,023
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           17,314
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            5,849
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            8,710
recent quarter ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                12,494
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,777
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             473
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             4,728
('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            391
1 (not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           14,797
(annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,419
(not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           164
year ago ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              7,810
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,211
KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         63,751
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 31,963
annualized) ('000 KES)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                             56,395
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          15.59
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            1.84
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   15.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     1.92
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          4.01
year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                           65.40
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.96
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .67
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .49
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .55
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .63
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             24.64
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    22.37
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          30.70
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 46.54
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 49.18
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             47.71
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        58.34
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          54.66
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        14.32
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          12.66
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          15.90
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 27.25
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.43
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   22.16
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             18.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             23.46
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         21.02
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    38.96
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      31.83
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                19.14
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                23.28
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            21.10
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       39.69
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         32.52
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            28.42
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           20.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.15
Float                                                                      3.23
Market capitalization ('000 KES)                                      1,856,250
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             60.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            60.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          60.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         60.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            60.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              60.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         60.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            60.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             5.38



Price Related
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       1,288,318
KES)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                      1,686,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,203,131
KES)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                        3,801,542
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          3,380,389
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,483,973
year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,942,491
('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,228,002
1 year ago ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,483,973
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,942,491
quarter ('000 KES)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         661,363
Cash and Equivalents ('000 KES)                                         241,516
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          493,872
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              522,917
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          198,051
('000 KES)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        302,932
KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            719,158
('000 KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          859,051
KES)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                        552,930
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                            502,220
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,483,973
('000 KES)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,942,491
KES)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          29,607
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                        28,384
KES)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         445,170
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           468,627
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,636
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 KES)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     23
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .92
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.00
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.16
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   3.13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     3.13
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.19
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 7.37
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.84
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    6.50
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        5.57
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.48
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              4.05
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .55
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             10.52
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.01
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.84
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.73
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .92
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              1.18
year
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          1.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                           1.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             18.17
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             23.06
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         86.94
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 37.72
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 86.94
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       28.46
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.02
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  20.56
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      20.68
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             18.35
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            321.92
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             130.15
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -21.11
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                98.37
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  10.55
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   18.70
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          47.71
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            6.92
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -9.10
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.10
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         321.97
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      130.17
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  98.38
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.11
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            18.70
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                      4.41
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.78
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          30.83
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            20.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           -.92
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              12.01
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               13.68
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               13.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.95
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                               18.44
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,482,238
KES)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           798,971
KES)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                      1,534,250
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          350,929
('000 KES)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        522,653
KES)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         749,721
KES)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          346,625
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         530,803
('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       761,251
KES)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                       1,100,520
KES)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          524,293
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                               508,721
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                   713,029
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                   1,038,869
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                              620,275
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 KES)                           748,053
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                  713,029
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                  1,038,869
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          3,190
KES)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                           445
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           1,900
Net Income available to common - most recent                            350,929
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            522,653
quarter ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            749,721
months ('000 KES)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       346,625
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          2,772,647
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              1,917,951
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          2,814,771
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                3,383,887
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 32.12
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        33.89
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.71
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            31.34
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              31.88
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                         179,874
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                             238,598
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                               350,799
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        350,929
KES)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        749,721
KES)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                12,494
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 KES)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 KES)                            749,721
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 14.86
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             11.63
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            29.76
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              13.76
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              22.18
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 21.30
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             15.24
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            38.42
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              18.62
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              29.00
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     17.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.49
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                32.06
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  24.20
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              41,400
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              49,042
recent quarter ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            41,400
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            49,042
quarter ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,163
year ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             3,415
('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           2,322
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             7,708
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         9,114
('000 KES)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,025
KES)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                          11,023
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           17,314
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            5,849
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            8,710
recent quarter ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                12,494
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,777
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             473
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             4,728
('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            391
1 (not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           14,797
(annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,419
(not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           164
year ago ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              7,810
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,211
KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         63,751
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 31,963
annualized) ('000 KES)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                             56,395
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          15.59
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            1.84
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   15.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     1.92
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          4.01
year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                           65.40
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.96
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .67
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .49
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .55
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .63
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             24.64
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    22.37
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          30.70
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 46.54
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 49.18
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             47.71
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        58.34
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          54.66
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        14.32
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          12.66
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          15.90
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 27.25
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.43
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   22.16
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             18.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             23.46
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         21.02
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    38.96
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      31.83
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                19.14
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                23.28
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            21.10
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       39.69
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         32.52
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            28.42
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           20.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.15
Float                                                                      3.23
Market capitalization ('000 KES)                                      1,856,250
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             60.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            60.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          60.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         60.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            60.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              60.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         60.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            60.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             5.38



Profitability Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       1,288,318
KES)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                      1,686,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,203,131
KES)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                        3,801,542
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          3,380,389
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,483,973
year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,942,491
('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,228,002
1 year ago ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,483,973
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,942,491
quarter ('000 KES)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         661,363
Cash and Equivalents ('000 KES)                                         241,516
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          493,872
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              522,917
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          198,051
('000 KES)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        302,932
KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            719,158
('000 KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          859,051
KES)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                        552,930
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                            502,220
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,483,973
('000 KES)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,942,491
KES)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          29,607
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                        28,384
KES)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         445,170
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           468,627
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,636
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 KES)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     23
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .92
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.00
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.16
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   3.13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     3.13
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.19
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 7.37
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.84
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    6.50
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        5.57
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.48
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              4.05
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .55
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             10.52
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.01
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.84
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.73
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .92
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              1.18
year
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          1.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                           1.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             18.17
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             23.06
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         86.94
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 37.72
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 86.94
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       28.46
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.02
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  20.56
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      20.68
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             18.35
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            321.92
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             130.15
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -21.11
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                98.37
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  10.55
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   18.70
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          47.71
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            6.92
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -9.10
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.10
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         321.97
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      130.17
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  98.38
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.11
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            18.70
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                      4.41
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.78
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          30.83
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            20.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           -.92
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              12.01
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               13.68
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               13.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.95
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                               18.44
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,482,238
KES)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           798,971
KES)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                      1,534,250
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          350,929
('000 KES)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        522,653
KES)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         749,721
KES)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          346,625
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         530,803
('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       761,251
KES)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                       1,100,520
KES)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          524,293
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                               508,721
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                   713,029
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                   1,038,869
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                              620,275
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 KES)                           748,053
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                  713,029
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                  1,038,869
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          3,190
KES)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                           445
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           1,900
Net Income available to common - most recent                            350,929
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            522,653
quarter ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            749,721
months ('000 KES)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       346,625
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          2,772,647
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              1,917,951
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          2,814,771
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                3,383,887
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 32.12
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        33.89
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.71
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            31.34
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              31.88
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                         179,874
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                             238,598
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                               350,799
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        350,929
KES)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        749,721
KES)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                12,494
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 KES)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 KES)                            749,721
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 14.86
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             11.63
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            29.76
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              13.76
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              22.18
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 21.30
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             15.24
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            38.42
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              18.62
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              29.00
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     17.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.49
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                32.06
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  24.20
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              41,400
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              49,042
recent quarter ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            41,400
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            49,042
quarter ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,163
year ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             3,415
('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           2,322
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             7,708
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         9,114
('000 KES)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,025
KES)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                          11,023
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           17,314
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            5,849
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            8,710
recent quarter ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                12,494
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,777
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             473
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             4,728
('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            391
1 (not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           14,797
(annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,419
(not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           164
year ago ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              7,810
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,211
KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         63,751
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 31,963
annualized) ('000 KES)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                             56,395
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          15.59
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            1.84
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   15.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     1.92
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          4.01
year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                           65.40
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.96
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .67
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .49
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .55
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .63
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             24.64
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    22.37
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          30.70
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 46.54
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 49.18
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             47.71
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        58.34
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          54.66
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        14.32
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          12.66
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          15.90
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 27.25
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.43
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   22.16
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             18.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             23.46
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         21.02
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    38.96
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      31.83
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                19.14
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                23.28
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            21.10
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       39.69
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         32.52
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            28.42
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           20.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.15
Float                                                                      3.23
Market capitalization ('000 KES)                                      1,856,250
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             60.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            60.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          60.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         60.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            60.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              60.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         60.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            60.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             5.38



Share Related Items
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                       1,288,318
KES)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                      1,686,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                         3,203,131
KES)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                        3,801,542
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          3,380,389
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                       2,483,973
year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,942,491
('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                      2,228,002
1 year ago ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,483,973
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                        2,942,491
quarter ('000 KES)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         661,363
Cash and Equivalents ('000 KES)                                         241,516
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          493,872
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              522,917
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                          198,051
('000 KES)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                        302,932
KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            719,158
('000 KES)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          859,051
KES)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                        552,930
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                            502,220
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                          2,483,973
('000 KES)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                        2,942,491
KES)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          29,607
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                        28,384
KES)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                         445,170
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           468,627
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         2,636
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 KES)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        16
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     23
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .92
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         1.00
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               3.16
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   3.13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     3.13
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.19
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 7.37
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.84
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    6.50
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        5.57
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            4.48
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              4.05
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .55
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             10.52
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.01
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.84
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              2.73
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .92
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              1.18
year
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          1.19
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                           1.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             18.17
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                             23.06
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         86.94
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 37.72
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 86.94
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       28.46
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.02
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  20.56
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      20.68
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             18.35
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            321.92
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             130.15
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -21.11
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                98.37
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  10.55
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   18.70
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          47.71
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                            6.92
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -9.10
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -9.10
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         321.97
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      130.17
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  98.38
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.11
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            18.70
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                      4.41
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.78
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          30.83
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            20.22
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           -.92
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              12.01
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               13.68
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               13.68
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.95
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                               18.44
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                     1,482,238
KES)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                           798,971
KES)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                      1,534,250
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          350,929
('000 KES)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        522,653
KES)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         749,721
KES)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          346,625
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         530,803
('000 KES)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       761,251
KES)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                       1,100,520
KES)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          524,293
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                               508,721
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                   713,029
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                   1,038,869
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                              620,275
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 KES)                           748,053
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                                  713,029
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                  1,038,869
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          3,190
KES)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                           445
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           1,900
Net Income available to common - most recent                            350,929
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            522,653
quarter ('000 KES)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            749,721
months ('000 KES)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       346,625
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         350,929
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                          2,772,647
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                              1,917,951
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                          2,814,771
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                                3,383,887
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 32.12
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        33.89
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     31.71
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            31.34
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              31.88
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 KES)                         179,874
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                             238,598
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                               350,799
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        350,929
KES)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        749,721
KES)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                12,494
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 KES)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 KES)                            749,721
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 14.86
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             11.63
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            29.76
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              13.76
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              22.18
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 21.30
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             15.24
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            38.42
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                              18.62
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              29.00
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     17.17
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            12.49
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                32.06
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  24.20
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              41,400
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              49,042
recent quarter ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            41,400
fiscal year ('000 KES)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            49,042
quarter ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                            2,163
year ('000 KES)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                             3,415
('000 KES)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           2,322
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             7,708
('000 KES)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         9,114
('000 KES)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            4,025
KES)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 KES)                          11,023
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                           17,314
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            5,849
recent fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            8,710
recent quarter ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                12,494
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           5,849
fiscal year ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           8,710
quarter ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 6,299
trailing 12 month ('000 KES)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                          12,494
month ('000 KES)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            5,777
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             473
KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             4,728
('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                            391
1 (not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                           14,797
(annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            7,419
(not annualized) ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           164
year ago ('000 KES)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              7,810
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,211
KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                         63,751
('000 KES)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                 31,963
annualized) ('000 KES)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 KES)                             56,395
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          15.59
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            1.84
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   15.59
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     1.92
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          4.01
year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                           65.40
fiscal year
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - trailing 12                            3.96
months
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .67
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .49
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                          .55
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .63
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             24.64
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    22.37
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          30.70
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 46.54
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 49.18
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             47.71
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        58.34
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          54.66
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        14.32
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          12.66
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          15.90
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                 27.25
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             13.43
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   22.16
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             18.61
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             23.46
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         21.02
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    38.96
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      31.83
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                19.14
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                23.28
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            21.10
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       39.69
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         32.52
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            28.42
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           20.95
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.15
Float                                                                      3.23
Market capitalization ('000 KES)                                      1,856,250
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             60.00
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            60.00
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          60.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         60.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              60.00
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            60.00
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              60.00
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         60.00
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            60.00
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           60.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             5.38

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 60,000,000
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Deloitte & Touche LLP


COUNTRY AND REGIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION


('000 KES)
                                                  09/30/201 09/30/201 09/30/201
                                                  2         1         0
Sisal/Agriculture              External Revenue   2,268,583 1,752,831 1,154,796
Sisal/Agriculture              Intersegment       150,021   154,801   92,967
                               Revenue
Sisal/Agriculture              Total Revenue      2,418,604 1,907,632 1,247,763
Sisal/Agriculture              Depreciation       81,314    69,369    47,376
Sisal/Agriculture              Operating          534,798   673,131   66,996
                               Income/Loss
Sisal/Agriculture              Operating Margin   22,112    35,286    5,369
                               (%)
Sisal/Agriculture              Interest Income,   52        33        576
                               Non-Operating
Sisal/Agriculture              Interest Expense   27,049    24,166    19,631
Sisal/Agriculture              Income Before Tax  507,801   648,998   86,907
Sisal/Agriculture              Pre-Tax Margin (%) 20,996    34,021    6,965
Sisal/Agriculture              Income Tax - Total 160,205   202,325   31,395
Sisal/Agriculture              Income After Tax   347,596   446,673   55,512
Sisal/Agriculture              Net Profit Margin  14,372    23,415    4,449
                               (%)
Sisal/Agriculture              Total Assets       2,168,206 2,130,808 1,590,757
Sisal/Agriculture              Operating Return   24,665    31,590    4,212
                               on Assets (%)
Sisal/Agriculture              Total Liabilities  384,563   782,721   699,899
Sisal/Agriculture              Purchase of Fixed  159,309   167,970   261,626
                               Assets

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                              132 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Washington: Rep. Graves, Georgia House Republicans Applaud Nomination of Sonny
Perdue for Agriculture Secretary

LENGTH: 810  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Tom Graves has issued the following news release:



 Georgia House Republicans today applauded President-elect Trump's nomination of
former Georgia Governor George Ervin "Sonny" Perdue III to serve as Secretary of
the U.S. Department of Agriculture.





 U.S. Rep. Buddy Carter (GA-01): "Former Governor Sonny Perdue is the perfect
choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. As the top industry in our state,
Georgians know how important agriculture is. As a two-term Governor of Georgia,
Sonny has already proven himself to be a strong leader who will fight to ensure
the agriculture industry is able to accomplish their important work. The hard
work of our farmers, ranchers, and producers is critical to the production of
the safest, most abundant and most affordable food supply in the world and I
look forward to working with former Governor Perdue to ensure Washington doesn't
stand in their way."



 U.S. Rep. Drew Ferguson (GA-03): "Sonny is an excellent choice to be the next
Secretary of Agriculture. His experience as a veterinarian combined with his
executive experience as a two-term governor make him uniquely qualified to lead
the USDA. I have personally had the honor of working alongside Governor Perdue
to create thousands of new jobs in Georgia. Sonny has always been committed to
making sure businesses, and especially agriculture in Georgia, are successful. I
look forward to working with him as the Secretary of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Rob Woodall (GA-07): "Georgians are well aware of Governor Perdue's
heart for service, and I have no doubt he will bring that same spirit and
commitment to this new role.  Having served as Governor of Georgia, whose number
one industry is agriculture, his knowledge and experience in both the public and
private sectors make him an excellent choice to lead the Department of
Agriculture.  It makes me very proud to see the role Georgia will be playing in
moving America forward, and I look forward to partnering with him."



 U.S. Rep. Austin Scott (GA-08): Member of the House Committee on Agriculture
and Chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and
Credit: "America's will have a great Secretary of Agriculture in Sonny Perdue,
and I am confident Sonny will be an excellent representative of our state in his
service to our country's agriculture communities.  Agriculture is Georgia's
leading industry, so we're glad to have someone who understands our state's
agricultural needs and act as a champion for the needs of our farmers, ranchers,
and manufacturers in the U.S. Department of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Doug Collins (GA-09): "Sonny Perdue is an outstanding choice for
Secretary of Agriculture. The experience he brings to that role will be a boon
to agricultural communities from coast to coast, including the poultry industry,
which is a key part of Georgia's livelihood."



 U.S. Rep. Jody Hice (GA-10): "Given his executive experience as a two-term
Governor and his background as an agribusiness owner, Sonny Perdue is an
outstanding choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. During his tenure as
Governor, he shaped an agricultural policy that helped usher in a new era of
economic growth. Agriculture remains the top industry in Georgia, and I look
forward to working with Sonny as Secretary of Agriculture to continue supporting
our farming communities."



 U.S. Rep. Barry Loudermilk (GA-11): "It's great to see my friend, former
Governor Sonny Perdue, selected to serve as our next Agriculture Secretary. His
proven conservative leadership on Georgia's agricultural interests teamed with
his business background makes him an excellent choice to lead this department."



 U.S. Rep. Rick Allen (GA-12), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture:
"From the farm he grew up on in Perry, Georgia to his service in the U.S. Air
Force, veterinary and agribusiness career, and later Governor of Georgia, Sonny
Perdue makes an excellent and obvious choice for the next Secretary of
Agriculture.  Hailing from a state like Georgia, where agriculture is our number
one industry, I am confident in Sonny's ability to represent the interests of
all American agriculture. As a member of the House Agriculture Committee, I look
forward to his leadership and working with him to advance the needs of our
farmers and the industry as a whole."



 U.S. Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14): "Governor Perdue is the perfect choice to lead
the Agriculture Department. Between his work as a veterinarian and agribusiness
owner to his eight years as governor, he's walked the fields of Georgia to the
halls of the executive office. He has the right combination of experience, and I
have no doubt that Sonny will serve the American people well."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Washington: Rep. Graves, Georgia House Republicans Applaud Nomination of Sonny
Perdue for Agriculture Secretary

LENGTH: 810  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Tom Graves has issued the following news release:



 Georgia House Republicans today applauded President-elect Trump's nomination of
former Georgia Governor George Ervin "Sonny" Perdue III to serve as Secretary of
the U.S. Department of Agriculture.





 U.S. Rep. Buddy Carter (GA-01): "Former Governor Sonny Perdue is the perfect
choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. As the top industry in our state,
Georgians know how important agriculture is. As a two-term Governor of Georgia,
Sonny has already proven himself to be a strong leader who will fight to ensure
the agriculture industry is able to accomplish their important work. The hard
work of our farmers, ranchers, and producers is critical to the production of
the safest, most abundant and most affordable food supply in the world and I
look forward to working with former Governor Perdue to ensure Washington doesn't
stand in their way."



 U.S. Rep. Drew Ferguson (GA-03): "Sonny is an excellent choice to be the next
Secretary of Agriculture. His experience as a veterinarian combined with his
executive experience as a two-term governor make him uniquely qualified to lead
the USDA. I have personally had the honor of working alongside Governor Perdue
to create thousands of new jobs in Georgia. Sonny has always been committed to
making sure businesses, and especially agriculture in Georgia, are successful. I
look forward to working with him as the Secretary of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Rob Woodall (GA-07): "Georgians are well aware of Governor Perdue's
heart for service, and I have no doubt he will bring that same spirit and
commitment to this new role.  Having served as Governor of Georgia, whose number
one industry is agriculture, his knowledge and experience in both the public and
private sectors make him an excellent choice to lead the Department of
Agriculture.  It makes me very proud to see the role Georgia will be playing in
moving America forward, and I look forward to partnering with him."



 U.S. Rep. Austin Scott (GA-08): Member of the House Committee on Agriculture
and Chairman of the Agriculture Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and
Credit: "America's will have a great Secretary of Agriculture in Sonny Perdue,
and I am confident Sonny will be an excellent representative of our state in his
service to our country's agriculture communities.  Agriculture is Georgia's
leading industry, so we're glad to have someone who understands our state's
agricultural needs and act as a champion for the needs of our farmers, ranchers,
and manufacturers in the U.S. Department of Agriculture."



 U.S. Rep. Doug Collins (GA-09): "Sonny Perdue is an outstanding choice for
Secretary of Agriculture. The experience he brings to that role will be a boon
to agricultural communities from coast to coast, including the poultry industry,
which is a key part of Georgia's livelihood."



 U.S. Rep. Jody Hice (GA-10): "Given his executive experience as a two-term
Governor and his background as an agribusiness owner, Sonny Perdue is an
outstanding choice to lead the Department of Agriculture. During his tenure as
Governor, he shaped an agricultural policy that helped usher in a new era of
economic growth. Agriculture remains the top industry in Georgia, and I look
forward to working with Sonny as Secretary of Agriculture to continue supporting
our farming communities."



 U.S. Rep. Barry Loudermilk (GA-11): "It's great to see my friend, former
Governor Sonny Perdue, selected to serve as our next Agriculture Secretary. His
proven conservative leadership on Georgia's agricultural interests teamed with
his business background makes him an excellent choice to lead this department."



 U.S. Rep. Rick Allen (GA-12), Member of the House Committee on Agriculture:
"From the farm he grew up on in Perry, Georgia to his service in the U.S. Air
Force, veterinary and agribusiness career, and later Governor of Georgia, Sonny
Perdue makes an excellent and obvious choice for the next Secretary of
Agriculture.  Hailing from a state like Georgia, where agriculture is our number
one industry, I am confident in Sonny's ability to represent the interests of
all American agriculture. As a member of the House Agriculture Committee, I look
forward to his leadership and working with him to advance the needs of our
farmers and the industry as a whole."



 U.S. Rep. Tom Graves (GA-14): "Governor Perdue is the perfect choice to lead
the Agriculture Department. Between his work as a veterinarian and agribusiness
owner to his eight years as governor, he's walked the fields of Georgia to the
halls of the executive office. He has the right combination of experience, and I
have no doubt that Sonny will serve the American people well."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Invitation for Nominations to the Advisory Committee
on Agriculture Statistics Pages 75372 - 75373 [FR DOC # 2016-26154]

LENGTH: 911  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE National Agricultural Statistics Service Notice of
Invitation for Nominations to the Advisory Committee on Agriculture Statistics
AGENCY: National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS), Department of
Agriculture. ACTION: Solicitation of Nominations to the Advisory Committee on
Agriculture Statistics.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act, 5 U.S.C. App. 2, this
notice announces an invitation from the Office of the Secretary of Agriculture
for nominations to the Advisory Committee on Agriculture Statistics. On August
15, 2016, the Secretary of Agriculture renewed the Advisory Committee charter
for a two-year term to expire on August 15, 2018. The purpose of the Committee
is to advise the Secretary of Agriculture on the scope, timing, content, etc.,
of the periodic censuses and surveys of agriculture, other related surveys, and
the types of information to obtain from respondents concerning agriculture. The
Committee also prepares recommendations regarding the content of agriculture
reports and presents the views and needs for data of major suppliers and users
of agriculture statistics. DATES: The nomination period for interested
candidates will close 30 days after publication of this notice. ADDRESSES: You
may submit nominations by any of the following methods:  Email: Scan the
completed form and email to:

 HQOA@nass.usda.gov

      eFax: 855-493-0445.

      Mail: Nominations should be mailed to Renee Picanso,

 Associate Administrator, National Agricultural Statistics Service, U.S.

 Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room 5041

 South Building, Washington, DC 20250-2010.

      Hand Delivery/Courier: Hand deliver to: Renee Picanso,

 Associate Administrator, National Agricultural Statistics Service, U.S.

 Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room 5041

 South Building, Washington, DC 20250-2010.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Renee Picanso, Associate

 Administrator, National Agricultural Statistics Service, (202) 720-

 2707.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Each person nominated to serve on the

 committee is required to submit the following form: AD-755 (Advisory

 Committee Membership Background Information, OMB Number 0505-0001),

 available on the Internet at
https://www.nass.usda.gov/About_NASS/Advisory_Committee_on_Agriculture
_Statistics/AD-755.pdf. This form may

 also be requested by telephone, fax, or email using the information

 above. Completed forms may be faxed to the number above, mailed, or

 completed and emailed directly from the Internet site. For more

 information on the Advisory Committee on Agriculture Statistics, see

 the NASS Web site at
https://www.nass.usda.gov/About_NASS/Advisory_Committee_on_Agriculture
_Statistics/index.php. The Committee

 draws on the experience and expertise of its members to form a

 collective judgment concerning agriculture data collected and the

 statistics issued by NASS. This input is vital to keep current with

 shifting data needs in the rapidly changing agricultural environment

 and keeps NASS informed of emerging issues in the agriculture community

 that can affect agriculture statistics activities.

     The Committee, appointed by the Secretary of Agriculture, consists

 of 20 members representing a broad range of disciplines and interests,

 including, but not limited to, producers, representatives of national

 farm organizations, agricultural economists, rural sociologists, farm

 policy analysts, educators, State agriculture representatives, and

 agriculture-related business and marketing experts.

     Members serve staggered 2-year terms, with terms for half of the

 Committee members expiring in any given year. Nominations are being

 sought for 10 open Committee seats. Members can serve up to 3 terms for

 a total of 6 consecutive years. The Chairperson of the Committee shall

 be elected by members to serve a 1-year term.

     Equal opportunity practices, in line with USDA policies, will be

 followed in all membership appointments to the Committee. To ensure

 that the recommendations of the Committee have taken into account the

 needs of the diverse groups served by USDA, membership will include to

 the extent possible, individuals with demonstrated ability to represent

 the needs of all racial and ethnic groups, women and men, and persons

 with disabilities.

     The duties of the Committee are solely advisory. The Committee will

 make recommendations to the Secretary of Agriculture with regards to

 the agricultural statistics programs of NASS, and such other matters as

 it may deem advisable, or which the Secretary of Agriculture; Under

 Secretary for Research, Education, and Economics; or



 [[Page 75373]]



 the Administrator of NASS may request. The Committee will meet at least

 annually. All meetings are open to the public. Committee members are

 reimbursed for official travel expenses only.

     Send questions, comments, and requests for additional information

 to the email address, fax number, or address listed above.



     Signed at Washington, DC, October 20, 2016.

 R. Renee Picanso,

 Associate Administrator, National Agricultural Statistics Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-26154 Filed 10-28-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-20-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                               September 21, 2016

Experts Call for Sustainable Agriculture Interventions

BYLINE: Emmanuel Ntirenganya

LENGTH: 791 words


Agriculture can greatly contribute toward the achievement of the Sustainable
Development Goals (SDGs) that seek to end poverty, hunger, inequality and
injustice as well as tackle climate change, experts said, calling for more
governments' intervention.

The experts were speaking on Monday during a Food and Agriculture Organisation
(FAO) regional workshop under the theme: "Towards productive, sustainable and
inclusive agriculture, forestry and fisheries in support to the 2030 Agenda for
Sustainable Development."

The three-day- event (from September 19-21) is taking place in Kigali.

UN member states last year adopted the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development,
which includes a set of 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

The objective of the workshop is to discuss how the principles for sustainable
food and agriculture can promote joint action to improve the contribution of
agriculture, forestry and fisheries toward sustainable development, and to
identify priorities for FAO's support at national and regional levels.

Talking about the linkage between agriculture and the Global Goals, Jean-Marc
Faurès, the FAO's Senior Programme Officer for Coordination of Sustainable Food
and Agriculture, stressed the importance of agriculture in poverty reduction and
ending hunger.

"Because agriculture is so important to achieve SDGs, countries have to
strengthen their engagement in agriculture in their national development
strategies," he said.

The initiative focuses on enhancing production, improving access to markets, and
reducing post-harvest losses, with special consideration for gender, youth,
governance and climate change.

The Minister for Agriculture, Dr Geraldine Mukeshimana, said Rwanda's
agriculture programmes are in line with the SGGs, adding that the government is
updating agriculture policies to better reflect the Global Goals, which are
largely about the welfare of the people.

"We are including new elements such as climate change issues, good nutrition,
job creation among the youth and women, and we see agriculture not only as a
subsistence means of living," she said.

"We look at agriculture as a business because it starts from growing and
harvesting crops, then move to trading, value addition and along the chain,
everyone interested in agriculture get a job," she said.

Ending hunger by 2025

Under the 2014 Malabo Declaration on Accelerated Agricultural Growth and
Transformation for Shared Prosperity and Improved Livelihoods, African Heads of
State and Government committed to end hunger by 2025.

To achieve this, they resolved to accelerate agricultural growth by at least
doubling agricultural productivity levels and to halve levels of post-harvest
losses by the year 2025.

Clayton Campanhola, Strategic Programme Leader for Sustainable Agriculture
Programme at FAO, said the pledge is a huge challenge, given such challenges as
growing population, poverty, inequality, hunger and malnutrition as well as
impact of climate change.

To address these challenges, he said, agriculture production is key since it
provides food, decent employment, and income for the rural population.

"Sustainable intensification is something that embeds not only production, but
also social and environmental aspects. Crops, livestock, fisheries, aquaculture
and forestry, all should be integrated," he added.

Beth S. Crawford, Regional Strategic Programme Coordinator at FAO, said the
organisation is also involved in building resilience in Africa, which looks at
droughts, floods, irregular weather patterns and how countries can be best
prepared to withstand challenges that undermine agriculture development.

According to the World Food Programme (WFP), some 795 million people - meaning
about one in each group of nine people - in the world do not have enough food to
lead a healthy active life.

And, the vast majority of the world's hungry people live in developing
countries, where 12.9 per cent of the population is undernourished.

Sub-Saharan Africa is the region with the highest prevalence of hunger as one
person in four (or 23.2 per cent of the population), was estimated to be
undernourished in 2014-16, according to FAO.

FAO estimates that 233 million people in Africa were hungry/undernourished in
2014.

The workshop was to support the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and
Africa's agricultural transformation agenda, and identify priorities for action
in the context of FAO's Regional Initiative 2 (RI2) on "Sustainable
Intensification of Production and Value Chains Development in Africa".

The initiative focuses on nine countries namely Cameroon, Chad, Côte d'Ivoire,
Democratic Republic of Congo, Kenya, Mali, Mozambique, Rwanda and Zambia. The
workshop attracted about 40 senior government officials from these countries.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                              July 11, 2016 Monday

'Govt has yet to introduce laws to attract private sector investment in agri
sector'

BYLINE: Pushpa raj acharya

LENGTH: 1241  words


The country's agriculture sector has been lagging behind due to lack of private
sector engagement in agriculture commercialisation. Though the government has
been talking about mechanisation and commercialisation of agriculture through
the private sector's engagement since long, there has been dismal progress on
this front.Pushpa Raj AcharyaofThe Himalayan Timescaught up withPradip Maharjan,
Executive Director, Agro Enterprise Centre at the Federation of Nepalese
Chambers of Commerce and Industry to know more on the constraints of private
sector engagement in agriculture and the role that it could play in enhancing
the country's agriculture sector.

The country has been relying on subsistence agriculture. Why has the private
sector been hesitating to get involved in the agriculture sector for its
commercialisation?

The Agro Enterprise Centre (AEC) was established in 1991 under a joint
initiative of the government, the Federation of Nepalese Chambers of Commerce
and Industry (FNCCI) and the United States Agency for International Development
(USAID) to encourage the private sector in agriculture. Since its establishment,
AEC has been closely working with the government to create a favourable
environment for the private sector's engagement in agriculture sector. In 1995,
the government had introduced the Agriculture Perspective Plan (APP) - a 20-year
vision document for agriculture sector development - without proper
consultations with the private sector. The APP had not identified any specific
role of the private sector. The government, thus, failed to achieve the targeted
goals and soon it realised that it cannot do much without the involvement of the
private sector. We have started working with the government for policy reform
and in many other areas to create a favourable environment to lure private
sector players in this sector. We jointly drafted the Agribusiness Promotion
Bill, which is crucial to attract private sector investment in agriculture. The
Bill was forwarded to parliament about a year back but it has yet to be
endorsed.

You mean the government has not introduced laws that are friendly to private
sector investment in the agriculture sector?

The government has yet to introduce laws to attract private sector investment in
agriculture sector. The aforementioned Agribusiness Promotion Bill included the
provision of contract farming. Without the provision of contract farming, we
cannot imagine attracting private sector investment in agriculture. To run a
small scale agro processing industry it requires production in at least 10
hectares (200ropanis) of land. But we all know that land fragmentation and
domination of small holder farmers are the major obstacles for the mechanisation
and commercialisation of agriculture sector. And it would not be cost effective
for private sector to purchase land for farming. In this scenario, contract
farming could be the ultimate solution. The draft Bill has provisioned contract
farming, which is in practice in many countries including neighbouring India.
Contract farming provision ensures supply of raw materials for the agro
processing industry. Apart from contract farming, the draft Bill has also
provisioned subsidised interest rate for agriculture loan, insurance,
mechanisation, incentives for agriculture inputs, and exemption on income tax
for agribusiness for a certain period. It has also talked about incentives on
exports, among others. Once the law is enacted, the government will have to
amend the Income Tax Act and Export and Import (Control) Act, among others, that
contradict the provisions of the Agribusiness Promotion Bill for its proper
implementation. On the other hand, productivity of agriculture sector has been
plummeting over the years which is mainly due to youth migration and cheaper
imports. In this situation, we have to go for massive mechanisation and
commercialisation. Otherwise cheaper imports from India and other countries will
gradually ruin our agriculture base.

Import of agricultural commodities has been rising because we cannot produce
sufficient amount to meet our demand. On the other hand, imported commodities
are also cheaper than domestic products. How can the country be competitive in
production of agricultural goods in this scenario?

Recently, the government has introduced some programmes to help the country be
self-reliant on certain agriculture products as import of agricultural
commodities has increased in a rampant manner. The government has announced the
Prime Minister Agriculture Modernisation Project, which will be implemented from
next fiscal 2016-17. This project has envisioned achieving greater scale of
production with higher efficiency. Through this programme, the government has
envisaged to develop pocket areas, blocks, zones and super zones, which require
at least 10 hectares, 100 hectares, 500 hectares and 1,000 hectares of land,
respectively, to obtain the government's incentive. The government has aimed to
develop production area and processing plants simultaneously, and announced a
raft of incentives for both. Now the government needs to amend the Land Use Act
based on the National Land Use Policy, 2017. Due to lack of relevant law,
haphazard settlements and land plotting have been encroaching the arable land.
Similarly, the government should also focus on infrastructure development like
building irrigation facilities and agriculture roads. It should also reduce
local taxes, and provide appropriate incentives on fertilisers and access to
finance. Another area that the government needs to focus on is establishing
internationally accredited laboratories to certify our agricultural goods.

It seems the government has been promoting cooperatives rather than the private
sector in agriculture. What is your take on it?

The government, private sector and cooperatives should work together to develop
the country's agriculture sector. The government should support in
infrastructure development, cooperatives in production sector and the private
sector in value chain development like in setting up processing factories,
storage facility development, agri-markets development and in exports. But the
cooperatives have also been working on market development and establishing
processing plants in a small scale which is not sufficient to lower the cost of
agriculture commodities. The Agriculture Development Strategy (ADS) has
specified the role of private sector in agro processing and market development
because processing and market development need to be done in a mass scale to
enhance competitiveness. As the cooperative movement has organised producers
(farmers), it would be easy for them to work with farmers to boost production.
If cooperatives concentrate on production, the private sector will take a lead
in processing and market development that can transform the country's
agriculture sector. We have a lot of hope for transforming agriculture sector
through effective implementation of ADS. The country's agriculture sector has a
huge scope and we can expect more engagement of the private sector in
agriculture in next 10 years. There is good return on agriculture as compared to
other sectors, This might be the reason why China's computer giant Lenovo Group
entered the agriculture sector recently. We can reap benefits of our ecological
diversity to develop various high-value agricultural products and the private
sector should keep an eye on it.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                             July 16, 2015 Thursday

Farming targets top skills

BYLINE: NICK HEYDON

SECTION: TERTIARY EDUCATION FEAT; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 813 words


PERCEPTIONS about careers in agriculture are changing and increasingly students
are realising work opportunities within the agricultural industry are broad and
not restricted to working on the farm.

The agricultural sector often requires specialist positions and with advances in
technology, a range of new skills are being sought to advance the industry.

Many courses are focusing on these specialist requirements and tertiary
institutions are trying to attract students from a variety of disciplinary
backgrounds.

University of New England (UNE) senior lecturer in precision agriculture Dr Mark
Trotter said a broad range of ag degrees at the university catered for a wide
range of interests and skills.

They included specialist degrees.

"Within those courses, all the students have the capacity to do specific units
such as precision agriculture," Dr Trotter said.

"There's a big demand in agriculture for people with the right skills."

He said this technology was playing a more important role.

"I maintain contact with my graduates who go out and the feedback they provide
is they really value the technology component in the degree."

Dr Trotter said there had been a renewed interest in agriculture, with many
students recognising the varied and exciting career opportunities that were
available.

"Certainly at UNE, we have had a couple of hundred new students come into our
agriculture-related degrees, so we are seeing an increase in enrolments."

Dr Trotter said there were exciting developments in the agricultural education
sector such as the work going to developing a smart farm learning hub, linking
data from various university farms across the country University of Southern
Queensland, University of Sydney and the University of Tasmania with industry
resources to offer enhanced learning experiences for students.

The leader of UNE's Smart Farm project, Professor David Lamb, said there was
growing interest in the agricultural education sector from students with
different skills.

Professor Lamb said it was important to convey the message agriculture was a
challenging sector and required a range of skills and highly intelligent
professionals, and it was important to convey to high school students with
strong skills in maths and science, in particular, their skills would be needed
and welcomed by the agricultural industry.

"We are also trying to expose our undergraduate science and computer science
students to the links between what they are studying, and agriculture," he said.

"Agriculture needs their skills they can move into agriculture and play an
important role."

Rural Industries Research and Development Corporation Horizon Scholarship
program manager Jen Medway said there was a need for skilled professionals
working in agriculture.

She said the Horizon Scholarship program was designed to nurture talents and
encourage students studying an agriculture or agriculture-related degree at
university.

Mrs Medway said it was important students from other disciplines had their eyes
opened to the possibility of studying and pursuing a career in agriculture.

"You can be an engineer and still be involved in agriculture," she said.

"Agriculture is an innovative, exciting industry to be a part of, and we are
seeing lots of people from places like Sydney, with non-agricultural
backgrounds, recognising this."

Mrs Medway said the scholarship program involved an annual workshop, as well as
work placements, to help give students experience.

"One of the benefits of this program is it opens your eyes, and highlights the
benefits of the opportunities available in agriculture."

She said it was important to look at where the agricultural industry had come
from and to where it is heading to see what kind of an exciting future it can
have.

"A lot of the agriculture students we deal with are young and excited about the
future of the industry and I think it is a realistic enthusiasm," Mrs Medway
said.

The future of agriculture and the role the younger generation will play in it
will be in sharp focus next month with the Youth Ag-Summit to be held in
Canberra from August 24 to 28.

One of the 22 Australian delegates (part of a total 100 delegates attending from
across the world) at the summit will be University of Western Sydney agriculture
student Justin Whittle.

Mr Whittle, studying a Bachelor of Natural Science (Sustainable Agriculture and
Food Security) will be attending the summit discussing ideas of how the
agricultural community from around the world can be feeding an estimated global
population of more than 9 billion by 2050.

Innovation in agriculture was important in addressing this challenge, and he
said agriculture offered a broad range of career opportunities beyond farming.

"Everybody has this misconception about agriculture but it has turned into such
a diverse and innovative industry and I see so much potential to do anything you
want," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

Experts demand new food, agriculture policies to alleviate poverty

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 717

LENGTH: 1058  words


Experts at a policy dialogue here on Monday said despite passage of 18th
Amendment of the Constitution in Pakistan, Sindh government has failed to
introduce new agriculture, environment and food security policies in the
province, which is great lethargy and slackness.

"Sindh government direly needs to introduce sustainable agriculture policy so as
to ensure food security and quality seeds of wheat, rice, cotton and
vegetables,"  they said at policy dialogue on Right to Food and Sustainable
Agriculture, organized by SEARCH Pakistan in collaboration with Oxfam Grow
Campaign, Action Aid and NDS at a local hotel on Monday.

Sindh Minister for Environment Sikandar Mendhro said that agriculture, climate
change and food security are interlinked, therefore, all stakeholders should
team up, give suggestions and work jointly for boosting these sectors. Sindh
government is fully committed to incorporate their suggestions in its policies
and help them for growing these sectors, he assured.

The minister said that Sindh is rich with natural resources like river, sea,
agriculture land and other sources. "We also have wise people."  He said that
the 18th Amendment was achieved after long struggle but ironically it has still
not been fully implemented. "There is still need to work in this regard." He
said that Sindh government was striving to boost agriculture sector and enhance
food security. He said that awareness raising seminars should also be held in
rural areas of Sindh to inform farmer women about the agriculture issues.

Oxfam Grow Campaign Manager Shahbaz Bukhari said that agriculture and
environment subjects are interlinked and they should not be considered as
separate issues. He said that small landholder women were malnourished in
Pakistan. There is need to revisit agriculture, environment and other policies
in Sindh.

He said: "We need to manage food security so as to end malnourishment in
people." He said that women in Pakistan are deprived of their right despite they
perform 70% of agriculture work.  He stressed the need to launch
thoughtprovoking dialogue on climate change and interrelated issues.

Dr Ismael said that Sindh has best climate and soil and it is rich with natural
resources. Sindh contributes 90% to all banana production of Pakistan. He said
that food security had become big issue in Sindh, while water shortage in the
province was also causing poverty.

PPP leader Taj Haider said that Pakistan has become export oriented country.
"Sindh also export wheat." He said that Sindh is facing water shortage, however,
we could improve it through proper water management. "Country is also facing
drainage problems. "The natural water flows had been damaged. Natural flows have
been replaced with manmade drainage." He said that underground water in Thar
should be extricated, tested and used for suitable uses. He also stressed the
need to end waterlogging and salinity.

He said that 62 percent Sindh land is under waterlogging. We should make efforts
to reclaim land by removing water logging. Taj Haider said that there is need to
establish agrobased industry in Sindh.

Noted intellectual and environment expert, Zulfiqar Halepoto said that
agriculture comprises several segments, so we should focus on all issues like
water shortage, drought and climate change. He said that integrated efforts and
strategic planning is mandatory to enhance agriculture sector and ensure food
security in Sindh.

He said that right to food is now considered fundamental right of human at UN,
but Pakistan government is still paying low attention towards it. He said that
69 percent children population in Sindh is malnourished.  He stressed the need
to implement agriculture research and expert suggestion in agriculture,
environment and food security policies by the Sindh government.

Regional Manager Action Aid Shah Jehan said: "Our country is rich with natural
resources and agriculture one, but farmers, particularly women, face food
security and poverty despite growing crops." He said that we need to become part
of global movement in this regard.

He said that all political and social parties need to work jointly to resolve
food security, agriculture and other issues facing people in the country. He
asked Search and other NGOs to come forward and form action plans to resolve the
issues. "Pakistan and Sindh could not make progress without resolving issues of
farmers," he said.

MPA Sorth Thebo said that agriculture in the country needs to be enhanced.
"There is need to enhance crop productivity by using cattle fertilize because it
gives more production.  Seventy percent women population in Sindh are linked to
agriculture sector.  There is need to raise awareness in rural areas about
agriculture issues," she said.

Agriculture expert Jami Chandio said that after passage of 18th Amendment,
agriculture has become provincial subject. He said that 2010 and 2011 floods in
Sindh had brought massive devastation, but ironically the provincial government
failed to rehabilitate affected region and provide relief to the floodhit
people.

He called for introducing sustainable agriculture policy in Sindh so as to
alleviate poverty and make region prosper.

SEARCH Executive Director Waheed Jamali thanked all guests for participating in
the program. He said that the opinion of experts in this program would help
Sindh government to bring new sustainable agriculture policy. He said that Sindh
direly needs sustainable agriculture policy for prosperity of farmers and poor
class in the society.

MQM MPA Sardar Ahmed said that agriculture is the backbone of our country." NGOs
should form agriculture policy with joint consensus and produce it with
government for legislation." He said that cooperatives should be revived but
there should be not government interference in these cooperatives." "These
societies will fail if government interference is made.  There is need to bring
land reforms in country. Land reforms in Sindh have been brought at very low
level of 5 percent only."

A candlelight vigil was also held on the occasion to pay glowing tribute to the
martyrs of Army Public School Peshawar attack besides adopting oneminute silence
over the tragic incident.

Noted social leader comrade Ramazan and Director Agriculture Karachi Region Dr
Riaz Dayo and HANDS regional Manager Razzague Umrani also spoke on the occasion.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                             June 10, 2014 Tuesday

Gujarat to celebrate 2014-15 as 'Agriculture Development Year'

LENGTH: 379 words

DATELINE: GANDHINAGAR


GANDHINAGAR, June 10 -- Gujarat's first woman Chief Minister Anandiben Patel on
Monday declared financial year 2014-15 as 'Agriculture Development Year'. Patel,
a daughter of a farmer, said the idea was to give a boost to Gujarat's 'Green
Revolution' and special focus would be given to economic growth of women
associated with agriculture-related activities.

The Chief Minister made the announcement at a function of women farmers in
presence of nearly 4,000 female peasants. She said that the process of
agriculture development initiated in 2005 with a unique concept 'Agriculture
Fair' (Krishi Mela) given by then Gujarat CM and now PM Narendra Modi. Since
then, Gujarat constantly progressing in the sector, said Anandiben adding that
the State Government's decision to celebrate 'Agriculture Development Year' will
give momentum to the process.

While admiring contribution of women in agriculture, especially in animal
husbandry, Patel said that the State Government is not only aiming at improving
their financial position but will also ensure that not a single child should
become victim of malnutrition.

Throughout the year, seminars, workshops, exhibitions and other agriculture
-related activities will be organised by the State Government to create
awareness among the farmers on modern farming. "They (farmers) would be
acquainted with new technology. Agriculture scientists will visit to farms and
interact with the farming community across the State during the year," said a
senior Agriculture Department official.

Meanwhile, State Agriculture Minister Babubhai Bokhiria said that as a result of
agriculture development in Gujarat, villages have become prosperous and
ultimately the State developed. The Government provided adequate water and
electricity to farmers which made agriculture sector strong which reflected into
agriculture production. Gujarat's agriculture production increased from Rs14,000
crore to Rs1.11 lakh crore in the past one decade, claimed Bokhiria. Initiatives
like agriculture fair have become bridge between the Government and the farmers,
he added.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                             March 19, 2013 Tuesday

Farm Budget farce leaves Kanna red-faced

LENGTH: 586 words

DATELINE: HYDERABAD


HYDERABAD, March 19 -- The zealous effort of the state government to present the
first-ever "agriculture budget" has turned out to be a damp squib. Minister for
agriculture Kanna Lakshmi Narayana's attempt to present a separate budget for
the agricultural sector not only ended as a sideshow in the Assembly but also
exposed the lack of coordination between various departments in the government.

Lack of coordination between the staff of the Assembly and the government on the
modalities to be followed to present a separate budget led to the much-hyped
agriculture budget to be a flop.

Though the speech has been printed in the name of the agriculture minister, at
the last minute, the word "budget" was replaced by "action plan".

Earlier, in a bid to present an agriculture budget which allocated funds for
agriculture and its allied sectors for first time in the state, the government
did not follow the Assembly procedure properly, which attracted criticism from
the opposition. The government neither listed it in the agenda of the Assembly,
nor did it inform the Business Advisory Committee (BAC) prior to presenting the
agriculture action plan, which are mandatory as per the business rules of the
House.

As soon as minister for agriculture Kanna Lakshmi Narayana stood up in the House
to present the agriculture action plan for the financial year 2013-14, the
entire opposition took exception to this, saying the Assembly was not informed
beforehand.

TDP members D Narendra Kumar and Ravula Chandrasekhar Reddy wondered how could
the government present the agricultural action plan without informing the House
beforehand. After that, they stormed the podium and walked out of the House in
protest.

Soon, YSRC members led by B Sobha Nagi Reddy too raised slogans, saying the
government has breached the privileges of members by trying to present the
agriculture action plan without listing it in the agenda of the House.

However, Speaker N Manohar pacified them saying he would give them enough time
to air their views soon after the action plan was presented.

Lok Satta member Jayaprakash Narayan too objected and later gave a privilege
notice to the Speaker saying the government has breached the privileges of the
members while presenting agriculture action plan. He wanted to know based on
which rule the government had proposed to present the action plan. Later, while
presenting the action plan, minister for agriculture Kanna made a faux pas by
reading it as "agriculture budget" and then corrected his mistake, saying, "As
it is first time for me to prepare an agriculture action plan, which is a new
concept, I erroneously called it a budget," he said.

Since there was confusion even among the officials who prepared the action plan,
it was referred to as "agriculture budget" in related documents, which was later
corrected by them as "agriculture action plan".

Kanna read out the action plan which said '25,962 crore was allocated for the
development of agriculture. Finally, Kanna's attempt to present the much-hyped
agriculture budget was reduced to a statement of objectives.

From the beginning, the proposal of preparing a separate budget for agriculture
faced problems. Some ministers were unhappy that they were not consulted before
clubbing their departments with agriculture for the special budget. Published by
HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             July 4, 2012 Wednesday

Workshop to improve agriculture productivity through ICTs

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 185

LENGTH: 665  words


The Pakistan Telecommunication Authority (PTA) on Tuesday organized a workshop
aimed at improving agriculture productivity through increased usage of
Information Communication Technologies (ICTs).

The workshop on "What Can Telecommunications Do for Agriculture" was organized
in collaboration with LIRNEasia, a regional ICT policy think tank, based in Sri
Lanka.

The main theme of this joint initiative of PTA and LIRNEasia was to share
international experiences and research with Pakistan, and to learn from
successful telecom-agriculture models and improving agriculture productivity
through increased usage of ICT.

The event was well attended by representatives from agriculture organizations,
international experts, agriculture consultants, policy-makers, government
officials, farmers associations, telecom operators, value added service
providers, agriculture credit departments and donor agencies including World
Bank, ADB, USAID, DFID working in the agriculture sector.

In his opening remarks, Dr. Muhammad Yaseen, Chairman PTA said agriculture is
the backbone of Pakistan's economy as it accounts for 21% of national income,
employs 45% of the  total workforce and provides livelihood to 60% of the rural
community.

He said the farmer's access to relevant information and adoption of ICT and
telecom value added services by rural community can bring revolution in the
agriculture production.

Similarly, Pakistan telecom sector is considered as an exemplary growth model
around the globe and the agriculture sector can also be a model by adopting
telecom and getting its benefits.

He said," today, we have total teledensity of more than 72% with 119.9 million
mobile subscribers" and added that after success in e-commerce and branchless
banking initiatives, the PTA was now encouraging the development of local
content based mobile/ICT applications and willing to extend all sort of support
to help the farmers through the provision of reliable and timely information,
local content based applications, automation of agriculture production processes
using specialized applications of mobile phones and ICT.

The Chairman thanked LIRNEasia for collaborating with PTA on this important
aspect of Pakistan's economy. Dr. Rohan Samarjiva, CEO & Chair LIRNEasia
presented a research carried out by the organization on the subject how the
underprivileged make use of ICTs and findings from worldwide studies of Teleuse
at the bottom of the pyramid.

He recommended that mobiles are the pre-eminent communication technology among
the poor and those who interact with them. Yet, the use of mobiles for
livelihood-related purposes is moderate in agriculture sector. He said that more
mobile-based applications are needed for better diffusion of telecom in
agriculture.

Dr. Kevin Callagher, representative of Food and Agriculture (FAO) of the UN
stressed on the need for ICT access for emergency and disaster management, use
of interactive media, automated data collection and an "out-of-box" approach for
telecom usage in agriculture sector.

Other topics discussed at the workshop included research work on knowledge and
information needs of small growers and non-growers by Ms. Nilusha Kapugama
Research Manager LIRNEasia, an ICT model for Agriculture extension by Ms.
Mahrukh Siraj CABI-South Asia, an overview of ICT role in agriculture sector of
Pakistan by Shahid Uddin Akbar, CEO Bangladesh Institute of ICT for Development,
Mobile Agricultural Information Systems by Mr.  Sriganesh Lokanathan Research
Manager LIRNEasia, Telecom Role in Agriculture by Rohaan Ali, Four Brothers
Group, An introduction to Agriculture Commodity Trade by Mr. Tughral Turab Ali
Telenor and Role of Communications in Agriculture by Saif Ur Rehman, Director
Marketing and Sales  Sohni Dharti TV.

It is pertinent to mention here that the workshop provided a platform for
organizations working in agriculture sector to discuss in detail, the ways and
means of generating benefits for agriculture by using telecommunication.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             July 4, 2012 Wednesday

Pakistan: PTA organizes workshop to improve agriculture productivity through
ICTs

LENGTH: 692 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, July 4 -- The Pakistan Telecommunication Authority

(PTA) on Tuesday organized a workshop aimed at improving

agriculture productivity through increased usage of Information

Communication Technologies (ICTs).

The workshop on "What Can Telecommunications Do for Agriculture"

was organized in collaboration with LIRNEasia, a regional ICT policy

think tank, based in Sri Lanka.

The main theme of this joint initiative of PTA and LIRNEasia was

to share international experiences and research with Pakistan, and

to learn from successful telecom-agriculture models and improving

agriculture productivity through increased usage of ICT.

The event was well attended by representatives from

agriculture organizations, international experts,

agriculture consultants, policy-makers, government

officials, farmers associations, telecom operators, value

added service providers, agriculture credit departments

and donor agencies including World Bank, ADB, USAID,

DFID working in the agriculture sector.

In his opening remarks, Dr. Muhammed Yaseen, Chairman PTA

said agriculture is the backbone of Pakistan's economy as it

accounts for 21% of national income, employs 45% of the

total workforce and provides livelihood to 60% of the rural

community.

He said the farmer's access to relevant information and

adoption of ICT and telecom value added services by rural

community can bring revolution in the agriculture production.

Similarly, Pakistan telecom sector is considered as an

exemplary growth model around the globe and the agriculture

sector can also be a model by adopting telecom and getting its

benefits.

He said," today, we have total teledensity of more than 72%

with 119.9 million mobile subscribers" and added that after

success in e-commerce and branchless banking initiatives, the PTA was

now encouraging the development of local content based mobile/ICT

applications and willing to extend all sort of support to help the

farmers through the provision of reliable and timely information,

local content based applications, automation of agriculture production processes
using specialized applications of mobile phones and ICT.

The Chairman thanked LIRNEasia for collaborating with PTA on

this important aspect of Pakistan's economy.

Dr. Rohan Samarjiva, CEO & Chair LIRNEasia presented a

research carried out by the organization on the subject how the

underprivileged make use of ICTs and findings from worldwide

studies of Teleuse at the bottom of the pyramid.

He recommended that mobiles are the pre-eminent

communication technology among the poor and

those who interact with them. Yet, the use of mobiles for

livelihood-related purposes is moderate in agriculture sector.

He said that more mobile-based applications are needed for

better diffusion of telecom in agriculture.

Dr. Kevin Callagher, representative of Food and Agriculture (FAO)

of the UN stressed on the need for ICT access for emergency and

disaster management, use of interactive media, automated data

collection and an "out-of-box" approach for telecom usage in

agriculture sector.

Other topics discussed at the workshop included research work on

knowledge and information needs of small growers and non-growers by

Ms. Nilusha Kapugama Research Manager LIRNEasia, an ICT model for

Agriculture extension by Ms. Mahrukh Siraj CABI-South Asia, an

overview of ICT role in agriculture sector of Pakistan by

Shahid Uddin Akbar, CEO Bangladesh Institute of ICT for

Development, Mobile Agricultural Information Systems by Mr.

Sriganesh Lokanathan Research Manager LIRNEasia, Telecom Role in

Agriculture by Rohaan Ali, Four Brothers Group, An introduction to

Agriculture Commodity Trade by Mr. Tughral Turab Ali Telenor

and Role of Communications in Agriculture by Saif Ur Rehman,

Director Marketing and Sales Sohni Dharti TV.

It is pertinent to mention here that the workshop provided a platform

for organizations working in agriculture sector to discuss in detail,

the ways and means of generating benefits for agriculture by using

telecommunication Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision
News. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            December 13, 2010 Monday

Agriculture Must Play Key Role In Climate Solutions

LENGTH: 827  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Dec. 13 -- A group of global leaders and policy makers called today for
agriculture to play a key role in the architecture of climate finance,
announcing at the Cancun climate conference a new initiative to make agriculture
part of the solution to climate change and not part of the problem.

Among those present at the announcement of the Roadmap for Action: Agriculture,
Food Security and Climate Change were Prime Minister Meles Zenawi of Ethiopia
and Robert B. Zoellick, President of the World Bank Group.

The Roadmap outlines concrete actions linking agriculture-related investments
and policies with the transition to climate-smart growth and highlights a
"triple-win" approach. It advocates getting the right policies and programs in
place that will increase farm productivity and incomes; make agriculture more
resilient to variations in climate (and thus promote stability and security);
and make the sector part of the solution to climate change by sequestering more
carbon into the soil and biomass.

Other high-level participants included Cao Duc Phat, Minister of Agriculture,
Vietnam; Tom Vilsack, Secretary of Agriculture, USA; Erik Solheim, Minister of
Environment and Development, Norway; Tabare Aguerre, Minister of Agriculture,
Uruguay; and Jacques Diouf, Director-General, UN Food and Agriculture
Organization. The event was moderated by Hans Hoogeveen, Director General,
Ministry of Agriculture, Nature and Food Quality, the Netherlands.

Speaking at the high-level event, World Bank Group President Robert B. Zoellick
advocated for an integrated approach to the problem.

"We know that we need to increase agricultural production by 70 percent by 2050
to feed nine billion people and that climate changes risk more uncertainty and
potentially serious down-side possibilities," Zoellick said. "Agriculture,
forestry, and land use change account for more than 30% of greenhouse gas
emissions. So we need to make the agriculture sector and soil carbon part of the
solution to climate change."

There is a growing recognition that agriculture in developing countries must
become "climate smart" to cope with the combined challenges of feeding a warmer,
more heavily populated world.

Minister Cao Duc Phat of Vietnam said, "It is likely that climate change will
reduce agricultural productivity and impact peoples incomes in many areas that
already experience high levels of food insecurity. "We urgently need action on
this important issue and Vietnam looks forward to help moving the agenda
forward."

The Roadmap is the result of discussions among 70 ministers of agriculture and
other agricultural leaders at the Global Conference on Agriculture, Food
Security and Climate Change, hosted by the Government of the Netherlands,
November 1-5, 2010.

The speakers recognized a history of under-investment in agriculture over the
past decades which must be reversed and argued that, while things have changed
for the better recently, agriculture remains underfunded. African countries have
committed to increasing spending on agriculture to 10% of their national budgets
and there are signs of progress towards that goal.

Speakers agreed that agriculture needs to tap into funds available for climate
change. It's vital, they said, that agriculture is understood to have a key role
to play and that the needs and interests of the farming and food communities in
developing countries are reflected in any Cancun agreements.

"To feed the world, we need another agricultural revolution," said Minister
Solheim of Norway. "To help avoid catastrophic climate change, we need the
large-scale, cost effective emission reductions that agriculture can deliver. We
know that this can be done while protecting the world's remaining tropical
forests. But action - decisive, immediate, large-scale, coordinated action - is
urgent."

Zoellick highlighted the Fast Start financing agreements and the international
community's US$4.5 billion commitment to REDD+ and its US$6.4 billion commitment
to the Climate Investment Funds. He also noted that the World Bank Group
financing for agriculture has increased by 60% over the past six years and
doubled in Africa.

"We know what we need to do to achieve that elusive triple win", he said. "A
number of countries are already making real progress, but the immediate
challenge is making sure that financing flows in the right directions - so far
only 2% of flows have gone to Africa. We must ensure financing gets to countries
with the strategies for increasing food productivity, building food security,
and addressing climate change."

The World Bank Group currently supports climate change-related activities in 130
countries; many of these projects or programs include support to agricultural
activities and rural development. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            November 21, 2004 Sunday

Record crops just part of noteworthy November; Agency approves use of fungicides
to fight Asian Soybean Rust

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b7

LENGTH: 836 words


November has been a month of revelations for agriculture.

We learned on Nov. 12 that farmers will harvest the biggest corn and soybean
crops on record. Not just records, but records by far. Tri-state area farmers
reported excellent yields.

Agriculture officials planned a defense against Asian Soybean Rust after the
fungus was discovered in a Louisiana soybean field Nov. 10. Last week, the
Environmental Protection Agency announced its emergency approval of fungicides
to combat the disease.

Goodbye, Ann Veneman. The secretary of agriculture tendered her resignation to
President Bush last week, ending four years at the helm of the U.S. Department
of Agriculture marked by natural disasters, a mad cow disease scare, market
highs and lows and controversy.

Around here, she might be remembered as the agriculture secretary who preserved
the pork checkoff after a majority of pork producers defeated the program in a
September 2000 referendum.

*

Some good news for dairy producers - the ag department raised its milk price
forecasts for 2004-05 from last month because of stronger demand for milkfat.
The all-milk price is forecast at $13.75 to $14.45 per hundredweight for
2004-05.

Meanwhile, the ag department predicts dairy farm net cash income will average
$112,900 this year, up from $69,300 last year and the 1998-2000 average of
$84,900.

Remember, these are national averages, and actual net cash income among
individual farms will vary greatly. Overall, net farm income is expected to grow
by more than 10 percent this year, to a record $73.7 billion, up 24.5 percent
from 2003.

*

A dairy industry self-help program is claiming some of the credit for
stabilizing milk supplies and prices.

Cooperatives Working Together is now in its second year. Participating producers
fund the program through a voluntary 5-cent assessment on each 100 pounds of
milk they market. The money raised is used to fund a dairy product export
assistance program and a herd retirement program to reduce milk production.
Cooperatives Working Together is administered by the National Milk Producers
Federation.

In the latest round of bids accepted during October, about 715 bids representing
around 2 billion pounds of milk volume are under review.

"Our goal with this second go-round is to remove 870 million pounds of milk,"
said National Milk spokesman Chris Galen.

Galen said successful bidders likely will be notified this month. The number of
bids offered increased from the first round.

"We have had greater participation in the second year from upper Midwest
cooperatives," Galen said.

In the project's first year, 299 bids were accepted to remove 608 million pounds
of milk from the market. CWT officials estimate their program gave milk prices a
59 cent per hundredweight boost between October 2003 and September 2004.

Walt Wosje, CWT's chief operating officer, said the program was just one factor
contributing to the market rebound, though.

"This past winter and spring, we saw what was akin to a perfect storm of factors
pulling together to raise milk prices from their record lows. Between CWT's
activities, the Canadian border being closed, and increased milk demand, milk
prices really rebounded quickly," Wosje said.

"Unfortunately, that illustrates our concern about the market's volatility. CWT
activities, like this herd retirement and our export assistance program, are
meant to not only strengthen milk prices but also stabilize them. We can't
simply depend on market factors. Our increased targets this year reflect our
understanding that we won't necessarily have all the other factors working with
us this time."

Participation in CWT is open to all cooperatives and to independent dairy
farmers not affiliated with a cooperative.  More information on the program is
available online at cwt.coop.

*

As we give thanks for our many blessings this week, the Archdiocesan Pastoral
Center in Dubuque reminds us to consider our rural neighbors who are
experiencing extreme economic hardship.

The center will again conduct its "Rural Christmas Outreach" project through the
Rural Life Office in cooperation with Catholic Charities. The project helps fill
in the gaps not covered by the many other civic organizations and agencies
serving the needs of people. Rural Outreach recipients are those folks who
cannot meet their basic needs and who might easily go unnoticed or be ineligible
under other existing programs.

Funds will be collected through Dec. 8.

Those who do not qualify for other existing programs can apply for assistance by
writing to Rural Christmas Outreach, Archdiocesan Pastoral Center, P.O. Box 479,
Dubuque, Iowa 52004-0479. Include your full name and address. Also include the
number of adults and children with all their ages.

Monetary contributions may be sent to the same address.

Everly, a Telegraph Herald reporter, was farm director of Dubuque radio station
KDTH for nearly 10 years. His e-mail address is jeverly@wcinet.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              145 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

October is Agriculture Month in Saskatchewan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 370 words


As part of their commitment to keep agriculture a priority, the Government of
Saskatchewan has declared October to be Agriculture Month in Saskatchewan. It's
an important opportunity to once again acknowledge the ongoing importance of
agriculture in the province traditionally known as the bread basket of the
world.

"Agriculture Month is an opportunity to recognize the wideranging importance of
agriculture not only to the province, but also well beyond our borders," said
Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Lyle Stewart. "The agriculture and agri-food
industry is a vital contributor to the Saskatchewan economy, employing more than
50,000 people and accounting for 7.5 per cent of the provincial GDP.
Saskatchewan's agriculture industry is also helping to meet the growing global
demand for food."

International agricultural exports reached a record $11 billion last year.
Eighteen different countries accounted for over $100 million each.

As many in Saskatchewan can attest, agriculture is not just big business, but a
way of life. With 98 per cent of Canadian farms family-owned and operated
(statistic from The Real Dirt on Farming II, Food & Farm Care Ontario, 2010),
ensuring a healthy agricultural sector affects the lives of families across
Canada, but especially in Saskatchewan.

According to CropLife Canada, world food demand is expected to grow 70 per cent
by 2050. This represents an unprecedented opportunity for agriculture in
Saskatchewan as traditional markets expand and new markets come on board.

Agriculture has a bright future and many opportunities in Saskatchewan. The jobs
created across the province in farming, ranching, research, processing, finance
and other areas demand well-trained graduates and entrepreneurs who share a
passion for agriculture.

"Throughout Agriculture Month, our government wants to highlight the many
opportunities in agriculture for young people considering their career options.
Whether interests lie with business, engineering or the trades, working in
agriculture comes with the promise of a bright future and the opportunity to
help feed the world," added Stewart.

To follow developments in this dynamic sector throughout October, you can stay
connected on Twitter @SKGovAG.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SP File Photo; The Government of Saskatchewan has declared October
Agriculture Month in Saskatchewan - a chance to celebrate an industry that
exported a record $11 billion to international markets last year.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2013 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Experts suggest steps to fight agri challenges

SECTION: Vol. 30 No. 187

LENGTH: 460  words


Punjab Agriculture Secretary M Mahmood on Wednesday urged agricultural
researchers to come up with viable policy solutions to different problems facing
the agriculture sector in order to make the sector profitable.

He was talking at a Joint Meeting of Steering Committee and Council for Research
and Policy at University of Agriculture Faisalabad syndicate room.

The meeting was organized by US-Pakistan Center for Advanced Studies (USPCAS),
Agriculture and Food Security, UAF.

The meeting was co-chaired by former speaker of National Assembly Syed Fakhar
Imam whereas University of Agriculture Faisalabad Vice Chancellor Prof Dr Iqrar
Ahmad Khan also addressed the meeting.

The secretary said that the agriculture sector was facing numerous problems
including low productivity, water scarcity, soil, decreasing agriculture land,
marketing issue and others.

He said that the country was blessed with the fertile land, eco system but we
could not tap its potential.

He said that government was making efforts to address the problems of the
farming community.

He was of view that awareness must be created among the farming community about
the modern agro based technologies.

Lauding the steps being taken on the part of UAF and USPCAS, he stressed upon
the need to create collaboration between the Agriculture Department and USPCAS
that will help improve the efficiency of agriculture department.

Imam called for joint efforts to address the problems of agricultural sector
including water irrigation and quality of agriculture components as soil and
seed.

He said that major components for a successful agriculture include farmer land,
labor, technology and water.

He said that California faced drought for five year but they had developed the
strategies to face the situation.

He stressed upon the irrigation policy to fight the water scarcity issues.

He stressed upon the need to diversification in agriculture as 70 percent of the
countries land is covered by three major crops wheat, rice and cotton.

He said countries agriculture needs a new paradigm in which water, soil and seed
must be promoted.

Vice Chancellor, Lasbaila University of Agriculture, Water and Marine Sciences,
Baluchistan Dr Dost Muhammad Baloch said that there should be training courses
for farmers, growers, live-stock and other agriculture related courses for
farmer.

He said that there should be community knowledge about agriculture spread by
media.

He said that there should be information centres in the districts in which
trainers should educate farmers provincially.

Chairman Horticulture Board of Pakistan and Ex-Minister of Agriculture, Sindh
Hassan Ali Chaniho called for a platform where people from provinces,
universities and farmers listen to each other problems and bring up solutions.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday

China bombshell: We learnt never to copy Nigeria's agric mistake

BYLINE: Uche Atuma

LENGTH: 1215 words


From Ikenna Emewu in Beijing Recently at the China Ministry of Agriculture
Information office, the Director,


From Ikenna Emewu in Beijing

Recently at the China Ministry of Agriculture Information office, the Director,
Department of International Cooperation, Mr. Ye Anping, gave a response that was
as shocking as it was true to a question from Daily Sun.
At the interactive with African journalists in his office on Monday last week,
Ye was asked what agricultural skills from Africa China has learnt or adopted if
any. The question also required him to explain if there are crops from Africa
China has adopted or is cultivating now as part of the cooperation the country
has with the continent.


But in the course of the interview, Ye who had noted after his briefing and
prior to the questions and answers session that he is not the type that tells
the press he has no response to a question and with an assurance to take on all
questions thrown at him later justified his vaunt.
He was frank and blunt. He never played on any diplomacy to make anyone feel
good. He tackled hard truths and gave very frank answers, especially with his
deep knowledge of Africa agriculture and policies, even problems.
Ye has been to Nigeria several times as he explained and knows where the problem
of the country in agriculture lies.
To the Daily Sun question, he said: "I have to admit to you that we have not
actually adopted any agriculture techniques from Africa to modify as you asked.
Also, we have hardly got or started cultivating any African crops. But China
buys African agriculture exports, and in fact one of the countries that buy most
African agriculture exports. Generally, China agriculture balance of trade is in
serious deficit. We only export just 3 per cent of our agriculture produce.
But most of all, China has learnt and benefitted much from African examples in
agriculture. An exchange implies give and take, and one of the greatest you can
take away in an exchange is experience. That is also the major thing we want
Nigeria and Africa to take away from China.
"Few weeks ago, your president, Muhammadu Buhari was here on official visit, and
I don't need to inform you that Nigeria and China have very good relationship
and cooperation in several ways. So during the meeting with the Nigeria
president, I was one of the persons that discussed agriculture issues with his
team. Certainly, we had very fruitful discussions on co-operations that would
benefit both sides.
Yet, away from the meeting here with your president, there are facts we know
about Nigeria and its agriculture. As at last week, it was officially announced
that China's population is 1.37bn people. That number is just too large for
anybody to entrust their feeding in the hands of another country. So we have a
compelling obligation to feed our people. It is a major duty. Nigeria I know is
just about 160m people. Compared to China, it is not a large country, but the
largest in Africa no doubt. What I mean is that we have a larger food security
obligation. "In the very beginning of the nation, even in the 1950s and 1960s,
when China was in food crisis, Nigeria had food sufficiency. We know the history
of Nigeria's agriculture exploits and how the sector sustained her economy. No
doubt, even today, Nigeria's agriculture potential remains its highest resource
but that was abandoned many years ago after the country found oil in the 1950s
in the southern part of the country.
Oil find made Nigeria develop its economy around oil, and the facilities for the
oil sector are advanced and developed. But they did this in neglect of
agriculture. Today, and in for some years back, Nigeria has battled to feed the
people.
We examined and listened to the story and decided that we don't want to copy
that example of growing from food sufficiency to scarcity. It is what China can
never risk having or doing. So even if we did not borrow crops or farming
methods from Africa, we have borrowed the Nigerian example and have vowed that
we don't want to go the way of Nigeria. I have to tell you that I sincerely
believe that is a great benefit. What I have said doesn't mean that Nigeria has
not done well in so other fields, but the agriculture example has not been good,
reason the country is investing so much today to revive agriculture. And with
time, with the right political will I am sure they will get it right once again.
That is why China assures Nigeria of our readiness to align with them to
reinvent agriculture as our friends."

Cultivating with Africa
Ye in the course of the interactive explained that China has agriculture
exchange agreements with at least 40% of the continent's countries in diplomatic
relationship with her. He also noted that in the past years, China's agriculture
investment has been machinery and technology advancement with about 55 per cent
of agriculture investment in tachnology. And towards Africa, the target of China
has been in seeds improvement, technology acquisition and plant breeding for
improved species and the volume of agriculture exports of Africa to China last
year was about $6b.
He also revealed that while China wants to buy more food from Africa, some
conditions on quarantine, food safety, competitiveness and other international
regulations and standards must be observed. He advised that if Africa would take
better precaution on these issues, there would be steady improvement of agric
trade between the two sides that operate free trade rules on agriculture
products.   However, the extent of trade is affected seriously by volume that is
not enough from Africa arising from low productivity which pushes the cost of
the transactions because low volume affects cost of handling. Ye advised that
Africa should do its best to advance its agriculture outputs and farming methods
to be a better beneficiary of the deficit trade volume China suffers in
agriculture products with a trade volume of $120b last year.
He also coached that the contribution of agriculture to China's GDP has been on
the drop for some years, although China still provides about 85% of its food
requirement and can boast of food sufficiency. "Less than 3% of China
agriculture produce is exported and in the past five years, the contribution of
agriculture to China's GDP has been between 8.5% and 8.9%.
But every year, China spends so much to encourage farmers with tax free
incentives to be sure they produce as much as possible to feed the country.
Although the policy and its implementation has worked well, but it has its
failings as many complain that they encourage the farmers to be less productive
for refusing to work as hard as they should if those incentives were not there.

 "Also, we often hear of complaints by farmers of the hardship in having access
to credit facilities from banks, reason the government intervened to introduce
the agriculture development bank and agriculture fund for farmers, he said."
Concerning the vexed issue of gene manipulated agro products, he noted China has
regulations on that and approaches it with caution. While it advises and
encourages research and development in the field for knowledge, he said the
country has rules on embarking of researches and works in the area and punishes
any researcher that does not observe the rule."

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2016 The Sun Publishing Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday

Political parties to include agriculture reforms in their election manifesto

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 93

LENGTH: 501  words


Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Agriculture Chamber Vice President, Muhammad Zahir Khan
Wardag has demanded from the leadership of all mainstream political parties to
include agriculture reforms in its elections manifesto with an objective to
increase per acre production and get autarky in food.

"Pakistan is an agriculture country and about 70 percent people of Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa are associated with agriculture sector. We demand from the
leadership of all mainstream political parties to include agriculture reforms in
their election manifesto and inform masses and farmers about their future
programs as for as agriculture is concerned," Wardag who is also President of
Model Farms Services Charsadda told reporters in Charsadda district on
Wednesday.

In election manifesto, he said, most of the political parties have promised
provision of quality education, better health & communication services,
employment opportunities and socio-economic, electricity reforms and improvement
of law and order but unfortunately no proper attention was made to agriculture
reforms despite Pakistan is being an agriculture country.

"The atmosphere of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is very ideal for cultivation of seasonal
crops, fruits, vegetable and our scientists and farmers could take best
advantage of it subject to introduction and implementation of reforms for
bolstering of agriculture sector," he maintained.

In the past, he said, no attention was paid to introduce reforms for uplift of
agriculture and livestock sectors as result of which farmers were heavily
suffered.

Wardag said lack of marketing, industrial units, high production cost, high
prices of fertilizers, agri medicines, social erosion and water shortage to the
tail growers are one of the major factors, which are hampering agriculture
growth.

He said small farmers were not obtaining reasonable price of their produce owing
to lack of storage facilities and proposed the upcoming government to provide
them with storage facilities to reduce post harvest losses besides tractors on
easy terms and conditions.

Wardag also demanded for adaptation of clear policies of political parties
regarding opening of new residential colonies and towns on agriculture lands,
adding converting agriculture land into residential colonies/towns will hamper
agriculture production in the country at large and demanded immediate ban on it.

Demanding a new agriculture policy after consultation with all stakeholders, he
said, the present agriculture system was outdated and should be replaced as soon
as possible to facilitate the masses and farmers.

He said the future government should revise the present agriculture policy and
small-time farmers, especially women, should be focus of the revised policy.
Also, the KP Govt should devise a comprehensive agricultural policy to increase
per acre production.

Wardag also suggested subsidy to farmers and imposing ban on sale and purchase
of agriculture land with an objective to cater the growing food demands of the
ever increasing population.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday

Pakistan: Political parties to include agriculture reforms in their election
manifesto

LENGTH: 541 words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, April 4 -- Khyber Pakthunkhwa Agriculture Chamber Vice President,
Muhammad Zahir Khan Wardaga has demanded from the leadership of all mainstream
political parties to include agriculture reforms in its elections manifesto with
an objective to increase per acre production and get autarky in food. "Pakistan
is an agriculture country and about 70 percent people of Khyber Pakthunkhwa are
associated with agriculture sector. We demand from the leadership of all
mainstream political parties to include agriculture reforms in their election
manifesto and inform masses and farmers about their future programs as for as
agriculture is concerned," Wardaga who is also President of Model Farms Services
Charsadda told reporters in Charsadda district on Wednesday.

In election manifesto, he said, most of the political parties have promised
provision of quality education, better health & communication services,
employment opportunities and socio-economic, electricity reforms and improvement
of law and order but unfortunately no proper attention was made to agriculture
reforms despite Pakistan is being an agriculture country. "The atmosphere of
Khyber Pakthunkhwa is very ideal for cultivation of seasonal crops, fruits,
vegetable and our scientists and farmers could take best advantage of it subject
to introduction and implementation of reforms for bolstering of agriculture
sector," he maintained. In the past, he said, no attention was paid to introduce
reforms for uplift of agriculture and livestock sectors as result of which
farmers were heavily suffered. Wardaga sai lack of marketing, industrial units,
high production cost, high prices of fertilizers, agri medicines, social erosion
and water shortage to the tail growers are one of the major factors, which are
hampering agriculture growth. He said small farmers were not obtaining
reasonable price of their produce owing to lack of storage facilities and
proposed the upcoming government to provide them with storage facilities to
reduce post harvest losses besides tractors on easy terms and conditions.
Wardaga also demanded for adaptation of clear policies of political parties
regarding opening of new residential colonies and towns on agriculture lands,
adding converting agriculture land into residential colonies/towns will hamper
agriculture production in the country at large and demanded immediate ban on it.
Demanding a new agriculture policy after consultation with all stakeholders, he
said, the present agriculture system was outdated and should be replaced as soon
as possible to facilitate the masses and farmers. He said the future government
should revise the present agriculture policy and small-time farmers, especially
women, should be focus of the revised policy. Also, the KP Govt should devise a
comprehensive agricultural policy to increase per acre production. Wardaga also
suggested subsidy to farmers and imposing ban on sale and purchase of
agriculture land with an objective to cater the growing food demands of the ever
increasing population Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right
Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            April 3, 2013 Wednesday

Political parties to include agriculture reforms in their election manifesto

LENGTH: 504 words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


Khyber Pakthunkhwa Agriculture Chamber Vice President, Muhammad Zahir Khan
Wardaga has demanded from the leadership of all mainstream political parties to
include agriculture reforms in its elections manifesto with an objective to
increase per acre production and get autarky in food. "Pakistan is an
agriculture country and about 70 percent people of Khyber Pakthunkhwa are
associated with agriculture sector. We demand from the leadership of all
mainstream political parties to include agriculture reforms in their election
manifesto and inform masses and farmers about their future programs as for as
agriculture is concerned," Wardaga who is also President of Model Farms Services
Charsadda told reporters in Charsadda district on Wednesday.

In election manifesto, he said, most of the political parties have promised
provision of quality education, better health & communication services,
employment opportunities and socio-economic, electricity reforms and improvement
of law and order but unfortunately no proper attention was made to agriculture
reforms despite Pakistan is being an agriculture country. "The atmosphere of
Khyber Pakthunkhwa is very ideal for cultivation of seasonal crops, fruits,
vegetable and our scientists and farmers could take best advantage of it subject
to introduction and implementation of reforms for bolstering of agriculture
sector," he maintained. In the past, he said, no attention was paid to introduce
reforms for uplift of agriculture and livestock sectors as result of which
farmers were heavily suffered. Wardaga sai lack of marketing, industrial units,
high production cost, high prices of fertilizers, agri medicines, social erosion
and water shortage to the tail growers are one of the major factors, which are
hampering agriculture growth. He said small farmers were not obtaining
reasonable price of their produce owing to lack of storage facilities and
proposed the upcoming government to provide them with storage facilities to
reduce post harvest losses besides tractors on easy terms and conditions.
Wardaga also demanded for adaptation of clear policies of political parties
regarding opening of new residential colonies and towns on agriculture lands,
adding converting agriculture land into residential colonies/towns will hamper
agriculture production in the country at large and demanded immediate ban on it.
Demanding a new agriculture policy after consultation with all stakeholders, he
said, the present agriculture system was outdated and should be replaced as soon
as possible to facilitate the masses and farmers. He said the future government
should revise the present agriculture policy and small-time farmers, especially
women, should be focus of the revised policy. Also, the KP Govt should devise a
comprehensive agricultural policy to increase per acre production. Wardaga also
suggested subsidy to farmers and imposing ban on sale and purchase of
agriculture land with an objective to cater the growing food demands of the ever
increasing population.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
