



Download Request: Select Items: 1-500
Time Of Request: Tuesday, February 28, 2017  13:35:57 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (united states agriculture funding)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

DelBene Introduces Bipartisan Resolution to Support Specialty Crops

LENGTH: 1327  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Suzan DelBene, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene (WA-01) today introduced a bipartisan resolution
supporting specialty crops, highlighting the vital role they play in America's
agricultural industry and calling for increased support of specialty crop
programs.

"Whether it's red raspberries, blueberries, potatoes or any number of different
fruits and vegetables grown by our local farmers, specialty crops play a
critical part in Western Washington's economy. This resolution is an
acknowledgement of the significant affect specialty crops play both in the local
and national economy," DelBene said. "Serving as the Ranking Member on the House
Agriculture Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture and Research, I will
continue to be a tireless advocate for specialty crop programs and other
job-creating investments that ensure we have a vibrant local agricultural
industry."

The resolution highlights the growing and increasingly significant role that
specialty crops play in America's agricultural industry. It calls for increasing
support for specialty crops and builds on the progress made by the 2014 Farm
Bill through key priorities such as opening new markets abroad and funding
research that helps improve crop yields and food safety.

Nationally, the annual value of specialty crops totals more than $60 billion,
with about $14 billion in exports. Whatcom County leads the nation in red
raspberry production and specialty crops account for more than $100 million of
the roughly $326 million in agricultural sales there. In addition, agriculture
is the leading industry in Skagit County and more than 90 different specialty
crops are grown in the county alone. Washington's First District has more than
4,000 farms growing dozens of specialty crops which supply local farmers
markets, restaurants and consumers with quality, fresh, locally grown food.

Reps. Kurt Schrader (OR-05), Dan Newhouse (WA-04), Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18),
Dan Benishek (MI-01), Denny Heck (WA-10), Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM-01), Joe
Courtney (CT-02), Anne M. Kuster (NH-02), Juan Vargas (CA-51), Dave Reichert
(WA-08), Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) and John Garamendi (CA-03) are original
cosponsors of the resolution.

"Whether grown for consumers here at home or exported to our trading partners in
markets overseas, specialty crops are the backbone of Central Washington's
agricultural economy," said Rep. Newhouse, who serves with DelBene on the House
Agriculture Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture and Research. "I am
committed to advocating on behalf of specialty crop growers across our country,
and I thank Representative DelBene for reintroducing this bipartisan resolution
to recognize the vital contribution they provide for our communities and our way
of life."

The text of the resolution follows:

Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that specialty crops are a
vital part of agriculture in the United States, and that Congress should fund
programs that support specialty crops as a growing and important part of
agriculture in the United States.

Whereas specialty crops are defined as fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops including floriculture;

Whereas farmers in the United States grow more than 350 types of fruit,
vegetable, tree nut, flower, nursery, and other horticultural crops;

Whereas the yearly value of specialty crop production totals nearly $60 billion
which accounts for about one fourth of all domestic crop value;

Whereas sales of fresh and processed fruits and vegetables total nearly
$100,000,000,000 annually;

Whereas combined exports of specialty crops grown in the United States totaled
about $14 billion as recently as 2013, which accounts for about 10 percent of
all agricultural exports from the United States;

Whereas there are about 245,000 farms that grow a variety of specialty crops;

Whereas specialty crop production is most highly concentrated in California,
Florida, Washington, Oregon, North Dakota, and Michigan, however all fifty
states have at least some specialty crop production;

Whereas the Agricultural Act of 2014, (P.L. 113-79), also referred to as the
2014 Farm Bill, included unprecedented and historic amounts of funding for
critical programs such as the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, the Specialty
Crop Research Initiative, and the National

Clean Plant Network;

Whereas a vital program for specialty crops, the Specialty Crop Research
Initiative, established under section 412 of the Agricultural Research,
Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7632), received mandatory
funding through Fiscal Year 2018 and beyond in the 2014 Farm Bill;

Whereas a vital program for specialty crops, the National Clean Plant Network,
established under section 10202 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of
2008 (7 U.S.C. 7761), saw an increase in mandatory funding from the 2014 Farm
Bill;

Whereas a vital program for specialty crops, the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, established under section 10202 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy
Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 7761), saw an increase in mandatory funding from the 2014
Farm Bill;

Whereas many important agriculture programs did not, however, receive mandatory
funding under the 2014 Farm Bill;

Whereas it is paramount that Congress builds on the progress of the 2014 Farm
Bill to provide funding for these programs in future Farm Bills, so as to
provide certainty to farmers across the United States;

Whereas overall spending on specialty crops still remains a small percentage of
all funding for crops however, even taking into account mandatory and
discretionary funding combined;

Whereas specialty crops are not eligible for many of the traditional support
programs that benefit producers of other crops;

Whereas programs that support specialty crops are generally available to all
crops, while the opposite is true of specific commodity crops;

Whereas fruits and vegetables like red raspberries, almonds, apples, apricots,
avocados, bananas, beans, blueberries, citrus, cherries, cranberries, figs,
grapes, macadamia nuts, nectarines, onions, papayas, peaches, pecans, peppers,
plums, potatoes, pumpkins, sweet corn, certain tomatoes,

walnuts, asparagus, beets, strawberries, broccoli, and carrots are just a few of
the hundreds of specialty crops grown in the United States;

Whereas specialty crops are a driving force in promoting a healthier country and
are part of a healthy, balanced diet that can help consumers reach recommended
dietary goals, which call for half of plates to be fruits and vegetables;

Whereas the number of farms producing and sales of fruits, berries, and tree
nuts in the United States is steadily increasing;

Whereas according to the most recent census data published by the Census of
Agriculture in 2012, 106,000 farms produced fruits, tree nuts, and berries with
a total value of $25,900,000,000, an increase of $7,300,000,000 in 5 years;

Whereas the Census shows an increase in the value of sales for vegetables,
potatoes and melons from $14,700,000,000 in 2007 to $16,900,000,000 in 2012;

Whereas the value of nursery, greenhouse, and floriculture sales represented
$14,500,000,000 in 2012;

Whereas it is evident that specialty crops are an increasingly important part of
agriculture in the United States; and

Whereas specialty crops deserve their fair share of consideration and funding in
agriculture generally, but especially in the annual appropriations process and
future Farm Bills: Now, therefore, be it

Resolved, that it is the sense of the House of Representatives that --

(1) specialty crops are a vital part of agriculture in the United States; and

(2) Congress should fund programs that support specialty crops as a growing and
important part of agriculture in the United States.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

DelBene Introduces Bipartisan Resolution to Support Specialty Crops

LENGTH: 1327  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Suzan DelBene, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Congresswoman Suzan DelBene (WA-01) today introduced a bipartisan resolution
supporting specialty crops, highlighting the vital role they play in America's
agricultural industry and calling for increased support of specialty crop
programs.

"Whether it's red raspberries, blueberries, potatoes or any number of different
fruits and vegetables grown by our local farmers, specialty crops play a
critical part in Western Washington's economy. This resolution is an
acknowledgement of the significant affect specialty crops play both in the local
and national economy," DelBene said. "Serving as the Ranking Member on the House
Agriculture Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture and Research, I will
continue to be a tireless advocate for specialty crop programs and other
job-creating investments that ensure we have a vibrant local agricultural
industry."

The resolution highlights the growing and increasingly significant role that
specialty crops play in America's agricultural industry. It calls for increasing
support for specialty crops and builds on the progress made by the 2014 Farm
Bill through key priorities such as opening new markets abroad and funding
research that helps improve crop yields and food safety.

Nationally, the annual value of specialty crops totals more than $60 billion,
with about $14 billion in exports. Whatcom County leads the nation in red
raspberry production and specialty crops account for more than $100 million of
the roughly $326 million in agricultural sales there. In addition, agriculture
is the leading industry in Skagit County and more than 90 different specialty
crops are grown in the county alone. Washington's First District has more than
4,000 farms growing dozens of specialty crops which supply local farmers
markets, restaurants and consumers with quality, fresh, locally grown food.

Reps. Kurt Schrader (OR-05), Dan Newhouse (WA-04), Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18),
Dan Benishek (MI-01), Denny Heck (WA-10), Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM-01), Joe
Courtney (CT-02), Anne M. Kuster (NH-02), Juan Vargas (CA-51), Dave Reichert
(WA-08), Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) and John Garamendi (CA-03) are original
cosponsors of the resolution.

"Whether grown for consumers here at home or exported to our trading partners in
markets overseas, specialty crops are the backbone of Central Washington's
agricultural economy," said Rep. Newhouse, who serves with DelBene on the House
Agriculture Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture and Research. "I am
committed to advocating on behalf of specialty crop growers across our country,
and I thank Representative DelBene for reintroducing this bipartisan resolution
to recognize the vital contribution they provide for our communities and our way
of life."

The text of the resolution follows:

Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that specialty crops are a
vital part of agriculture in the United States, and that Congress should fund
programs that support specialty crops as a growing and important part of
agriculture in the United States.

Whereas specialty crops are defined as fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops including floriculture;

Whereas farmers in the United States grow more than 350 types of fruit,
vegetable, tree nut, flower, nursery, and other horticultural crops;

Whereas the yearly value of specialty crop production totals nearly $60 billion
which accounts for about one fourth of all domestic crop value;

Whereas sales of fresh and processed fruits and vegetables total nearly
$100,000,000,000 annually;

Whereas combined exports of specialty crops grown in the United States totaled
about $14 billion as recently as 2013, which accounts for about 10 percent of
all agricultural exports from the United States;

Whereas there are about 245,000 farms that grow a variety of specialty crops;

Whereas specialty crop production is most highly concentrated in California,
Florida, Washington, Oregon, North Dakota, and Michigan, however all fifty
states have at least some specialty crop production;

Whereas the Agricultural Act of 2014, (P.L. 113-79), also referred to as the
2014 Farm Bill, included unprecedented and historic amounts of funding for
critical programs such as the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, the Specialty
Crop Research Initiative, and the National

Clean Plant Network;

Whereas a vital program for specialty crops, the Specialty Crop Research
Initiative, established under section 412 of the Agricultural Research,
Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7632), received mandatory
funding through Fiscal Year 2018 and beyond in the 2014 Farm Bill;

Whereas a vital program for specialty crops, the National Clean Plant Network,
established under section 10202 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of
2008 (7 U.S.C. 7761), saw an increase in mandatory funding from the 2014 Farm
Bill;

Whereas a vital program for specialty crops, the Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program, established under section 10202 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy
Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 7761), saw an increase in mandatory funding from the 2014
Farm Bill;

Whereas many important agriculture programs did not, however, receive mandatory
funding under the 2014 Farm Bill;

Whereas it is paramount that Congress builds on the progress of the 2014 Farm
Bill to provide funding for these programs in future Farm Bills, so as to
provide certainty to farmers across the United States;

Whereas overall spending on specialty crops still remains a small percentage of
all funding for crops however, even taking into account mandatory and
discretionary funding combined;

Whereas specialty crops are not eligible for many of the traditional support
programs that benefit producers of other crops;

Whereas programs that support specialty crops are generally available to all
crops, while the opposite is true of specific commodity crops;

Whereas fruits and vegetables like red raspberries, almonds, apples, apricots,
avocados, bananas, beans, blueberries, citrus, cherries, cranberries, figs,
grapes, macadamia nuts, nectarines, onions, papayas, peaches, pecans, peppers,
plums, potatoes, pumpkins, sweet corn, certain tomatoes,

walnuts, asparagus, beets, strawberries, broccoli, and carrots are just a few of
the hundreds of specialty crops grown in the United States;

Whereas specialty crops are a driving force in promoting a healthier country and
are part of a healthy, balanced diet that can help consumers reach recommended
dietary goals, which call for half of plates to be fruits and vegetables;

Whereas the number of farms producing and sales of fruits, berries, and tree
nuts in the United States is steadily increasing;

Whereas according to the most recent census data published by the Census of
Agriculture in 2012, 106,000 farms produced fruits, tree nuts, and berries with
a total value of $25,900,000,000, an increase of $7,300,000,000 in 5 years;

Whereas the Census shows an increase in the value of sales for vegetables,
potatoes and melons from $14,700,000,000 in 2007 to $16,900,000,000 in 2012;

Whereas the value of nursery, greenhouse, and floriculture sales represented
$14,500,000,000 in 2012;

Whereas it is evident that specialty crops are an increasingly important part of
agriculture in the United States; and

Whereas specialty crops deserve their fair share of consideration and funding in
agriculture generally, but especially in the annual appropriations process and
future Farm Bills: Now, therefore, be it

Resolved, that it is the sense of the House of Representatives that --

(1) specialty crops are a vital part of agriculture in the United States; and

(2) Congress should fund programs that support specialty crops as a growing and
important part of agriculture in the United States.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                 August 6, 2012

                             Green Earth Fuels, LLC

                                    TX 77547
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Green Earth Fuels Receives Grant Of $0.51 Million For Galena Park Biodiesel
Plant I In Texas, U.S.

   Date: 1/20/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Green Earth Fuels, LLC, a company engaged in the production of biodiesel
fuel, received grant of $0.51 million for the construction of biofuel plant in
Texas, United States. The grant was provided by United States Department of
Agriculture, through its Bio-energy Program for Advanced Biofuels.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."


Targeted Growth Forms Joint Venture With Green Earth Fuels

   Date: 11/20/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Green Earth Fuels, LLC, a company engaged in the production of biodiesel
fuel, received grant of $0.51 million for the construction of biofuel plant in
Texas, United States. The grant was provided by United States Department of
Agriculture, through its Bio-energy Program for Advanced Biofuels.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."


Goldman Sachs Acquires Minority Stake In Green Earth Fuels

   Date: 12/20/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Green Earth Fuels, LLC, a company engaged in the production of biodiesel
fuel, received grant of $0.51 million for the construction of biofuel plant in
Texas, United States. The grant was provided by United States Department of
Agriculture, through its Bio-energy Program for Advanced Biofuels.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."


Carlyle /Riverstone Renewable Energy Infrastructure Fund Invests In Green Earth
Fuels

   Date: 7/24/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Green Earth Fuels, LLC, a company engaged in the production of biodiesel
fuel, received grant of $0.51 million for the construction of biofuel plant in
Texas, United States. The grant was provided by United States Department of
Agriculture, through its Bio-energy Program for Advanced Biofuels.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *

                                        Investments




 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2012


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 10, 2009

MN has received over $900,000 for new farmers

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 176  words


U.S. Senator Amy Klobuchar, a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, today
announced that Minnesota has received $919,900 in funding for local and regional
initiatives that address the needs of new farmers in Minnesota.

"Farming has been a vital part of Minnesota's history, and this funding will
provide training and education that builds a strong foundation for the next
generation of farmers," said Klobuchar.

In Minnesota, the funding is divided between two organizations: $413,820 to the
Land Stewardship Project in Minneapolis and $506,170 to the Farmers' Legal
Action Group, Inc. in St. Paul.

The grants are being awarded through the United States Department of Agriculture
as part of the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program. This program is
designed to help those who nave been farming for fewer than 10 years through
education, training, technical assistance and outreach.

Senator Klobuchar worked closely with House Agriculture Committee Chairman
Collin Peterson to pass the 2008 Farm Bill, which authorized funding for this
program.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2009 The Ortonville Independent


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Billings County Pioneer (Medora, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 15, 2009

Ag related research funding approved

BYLINE: The Billings County Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 262  words


WASHINGTON - Congress has given final approval to an appropriations bill that
includes investments promoted by U.S. Sens. Byron Dorgan and Kent Conrad and
Congressman Earl Pomeroy in North Dakota's agriculture research industry.

The Fiscal Year 2010 Agriculture Appropriations bill now goes to the president's
desk for his signature. Some of the North Dakota projects in the bill are:

- Renewable Energy and Products Research, NDSU, $1 million:

This funding will be used by North Dakota State University to continue its
research on test plots at six North Dakota sites to determine which perennial
biomass crops grow best at each location using various harvesting, storage and
conversion techniques.

Agrosecurity: Disease Surveillance and Public Health, NDSU and DSU, $700,000:

This funding will be used by North Dakota State University and Dickinson State
Universir enhance the region's capability to quickly diagnose and respond to a
potential disease outbreak in the U.S. agricultural food chain. The agrosecurity
project focuses on animal health and disease models, disease diagnostics, and
the ability to control the impact of a disease outbreak through animal
identification, trace-back and rapid response.

- Blackbird Management, North and South Dakota, $265,000:: This funding will be
used by the United States Department of Agriculture to develop new techniques
and refine current methods, including cattail management, to reduce blackbird
damage on sunflowers. Blackbird damage costs sunflower growers in North Dakota,
South Dakota and Minnesota about $40 million annually.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BIL

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2009 The Billings County Pioneer


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

FLORIDA:House members rally lawmakers to support food and agricultural research

LENGTH: 438  words

DATELINE: Schaumburg


Veterinary Medical Association has issued the following news release:

To successfully address myriad challenges facing the United States and the world
relating to food, agriculture and natural resources, Congress must increase its
budget for competitive research at the USDA's Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative (AFRI).

When lawmakers devote more resources to AFRI, our nation's best scientists and
innovators will have more opportunities to work in the crucial fields of
agriculture, where they can better examine the challenges impacting animals and
plants as well as food safety and the environment.

Reps. Rodney Davis (R-Ill.) and Suzan DelBene (D-Wash.), the chairman and
ranking member respectively on the House Agriculture Subcommittee on
Biotechnology, Horticulture and Research, are championing a campaign to raise
awareness about the importance of AFRI. Together, they circulated a letter
calling upon their colleagues in the U.S. House to support AFRI. More than 40
representatives answered that call to action. The congressmen plan to send the
letter to the House Appropriations Committee at the end of March.

President Obama requested $450 million for AFRI in his fiscal 2016 budget
request. This represents just 64 percent of the $700 million authorized for the
program. Increased resources for AFRI are needed because more than half of the
research grant proposals that are rated "highly innovative" are left unfunded
due to budget constraints within the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (PCAST), an
advisory group of the nation's leading scientists who directly advise the Obama
administration, issued a Dec. 2012 report urging Congress to fund AFRI at $500
million. The PCAST report concluded that it was time to move agricultural
research ahead by greatly increasing funding for competitive grants.
Furthermore, the report noted that competitively awarded research funding, such
as AFRI grants, are paramount to addressing a number of challenges including
animal diseases and emerging plant pest risks, among other issues.

For the past six years, China has outspent the United States in agriculture
research funding. As the rapid rate of investment and productivity grows in
foreign countries, our nation's agricultural leadership around the world is
weakened.

The AVMA and other member organizations of the National Coalition for Food and
Agriculture Research, the Supporters of Agriculture Research and the AFRI
Coalition, all support this campaign.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

FLORIDA:House members rally lawmakers to support food and agricultural research

LENGTH: 438  words

DATELINE: Schaumburg


Veterinary Medical Association has issued the following news release:

To successfully address myriad challenges facing the United States and the world
relating to food, agriculture and natural resources, Congress must increase its
budget for competitive research at the USDA's Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative (AFRI).

When lawmakers devote more resources to AFRI, our nation's best scientists and
innovators will have more opportunities to work in the crucial fields of
agriculture, where they can better examine the challenges impacting animals and
plants as well as food safety and the environment.

Reps. Rodney Davis (R-Ill.) and Suzan DelBene (D-Wash.), the chairman and
ranking member respectively on the House Agriculture Subcommittee on
Biotechnology, Horticulture and Research, are championing a campaign to raise
awareness about the importance of AFRI. Together, they circulated a letter
calling upon their colleagues in the U.S. House to support AFRI. More than 40
representatives answered that call to action. The congressmen plan to send the
letter to the House Appropriations Committee at the end of March.

President Obama requested $450 million for AFRI in his fiscal 2016 budget
request. This represents just 64 percent of the $700 million authorized for the
program. Increased resources for AFRI are needed because more than half of the
research grant proposals that are rated "highly innovative" are left unfunded
due to budget constraints within the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (PCAST), an
advisory group of the nation's leading scientists who directly advise the Obama
administration, issued a Dec. 2012 report urging Congress to fund AFRI at $500
million. The PCAST report concluded that it was time to move agricultural
research ahead by greatly increasing funding for competitive grants.
Furthermore, the report noted that competitively awarded research funding, such
as AFRI grants, are paramount to addressing a number of challenges including
animal diseases and emerging plant pest risks, among other issues.

For the past six years, China has outspent the United States in agriculture
research funding. As the rapid rate of investment and productivity grows in
foreign countries, our nation's agricultural leadership around the world is
weakened.

The AVMA and other member organizations of the National Coalition for Food and
Agriculture Research, the Supporters of Agriculture Research and the AFRI
Coalition, all support this campaign.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           November 5, 2011 Saturday

United States: Assets and Market Access Collaborative Research Support Program

LENGTH: 276  words


Document Type:  Grants Notice
Funding Opportunity Number:  RFA-OAA-12-000001
Opportunity Category:  Other
Posted Date:  Oct 19, 2011
Creation Date:  Oct 19, 2011
Category of Funding Activity:  Agriculture
Estimated Total Program Funding:  $25,000,000
The Project of Assets and Market Access Collaborative Research Support Program
to support be provided to mobilize the capacities of U.S. universities and
public and private partners of universities for 1) global research on problems
affecting food, agriculture, forestry, and fisheries; and 2) improved human
capacity and institutional resource development for the global application of
agriculture and related environmental sciences.

These activities are intended to benefit both developing countries and the
United States. CRSP activities are long-term in nature and emphasize equally:
(1) the development of capacity of the developing country participants to
ultimately meet their own knowledge requirements; (2) the creation of new
technologies and solutions to existing constraints under the specific topic of
the CRSP; and (3) economic, health and social impacts. Research activities are
conducted in collaboration with host-country researchers and institutions, and
are structured so as to have a returning benefit to the U.S. institutions or
U.S. agriculture more broadly. There are currently nine CRSPs addressing
different sub-sectors of agriculture. One of these is the Assets and Market
Access (AMA) CRSP. The AMA CRSP agreement expired September 30, 2011. The AMA
CRSP proposed in this RFA will be a continuation, with some modification, to the
previous AMA CRSP program.

country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Hartford Area News (South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 6, 2014

Funding Available Through USDA For SD Honey Bee Habitat

BYLINE: The Hartford "Area" News staff

LENGTH: 252  words


The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced that more than $4
million in technical and financial assistance is available to Midwest farmers
and ranchers to improve honey bee habitat.

This funding provides producers guidance and support to implement conservation
practices that will create safe and diverse food sources for honey bees.

"Honey bees play a vital role in South Dakota crop production," said Bob
Reiners, South Dakota Department of Agriculture (SDDA) apiary specialist. "Our
state is home to 324,682 colonies maintained by 228 beekeepers on 6,748
locations across the state. In 2013, these colonies produced 14,840,000 pounds
of honey with a value of $30,570,000. In recent years, we have run into
decreasing numbers due to colony collapse disorder. This USDA initiative will
also provide additional benefits to native pollinators."

Now is the time to contact your local Natural Resources Conservation Service
(NRCS) office to begin developing a good conservation plan on your farm or
ranch. Funding is provided through the Environmental Quality Incentives Program
(EQIP) and applications are due Friday, Nov. 21, or, visit www.sd.nrcs.usda.gov.

Agriculture is South Dakota's No. 1 industry, generating $25.6 billion in annual
economic activity and employing 115,651 South Dakotans. The South Dakota
Department of Agriculture's mission is to promote, protect, preserve and improve
this industry for today and tomorrow. Visit us online at http://sdda.sd.gov or
find us on Facebook and Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HAN

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 The Hartford Area News


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 19, 2014 Saturday

Washington: USDA Awards Grants for New School Food Service Equipment to Help
Schools Dish Up Healthy Meals

LENGTH: 644  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is awarding $25 million in grants to help schools purchase
needed kitchen equipment as they continue to provide school lunches and
breakfasts that give children the nutrition they need to learn and grow. Over 90
percent of schools report that they are successfully meeting the updated
nutrition standards, serving meals with more whole grains, fruits, vegetables,
lean protein and low-fat dairy, and less sodium and fat. These new grants
provide additional support to schools to help them prepare meals that meet those
standards.

"We know that there is still a significant unmet need for kitchen equipment in
schools, and outdated equipment can make it more difficult to prepare healthy
meals," said Vilsack. "With these grants, schools will be able to get the tools
they need to make the healthy choice the easy choice for America's youngsters."

In December, USDA awarded $11 million in grants to the District of Columbia,
Guam and 14 states. For the latest round of funding, USDA will ensure all State
agencies receive a proportional share of the funding. States will competitively
award the funds to school districts to purchase needed equipment, giving
priority to high-need schools where 50 percent or more of the enrolled students
are eligible for free or reduced price meals.

Download the list of funding by state for FY13 and FY14.

The Kids' Safe and Healthful Foods ProjectThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. - a collaboration with The Pew Charitable Trusts and the Robert Wood
Johnson Foundation - recently released a report on school kitchen equipment
needsThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. that shows most school districts in
the U.S. (88 percent) need at least one additional piece of kitchen equipment,
and more than half (55 percent) need infrastructure upgrades to serve healthier
meals that meet science-based nutrition standards. The report concluded:
Investing in kitchens and cafeterias will help schools better serve the
nutritious foods and beverages that students need.

Since 2009, USDA has provided $160 million in kitchen equipment funding to
states and schools. The President's fiscal year 2015 budget requests an
additional $35 million for kitchen equipment grants. These grants are one of
several ways that USDA is supporting schools as the implement the updated
nutrition standards.

America's students now have healthier and more nutritious school meals due to
improved nutrition standards implemented as a result of the historic Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act. Other recent actions by the USDA to support schools
include:

In February, USDA announced the availability of up to $5 million through the
Farm to School grant program to increase the amount of healthy, local food in
schools. In FY13, USDA awarded grants to 71 projects spanning 42 states and the
District of Columbia.
 In March, USDA announced $5.5 million in new Team Nutrition grants to support
schools as they continue to provide school lunches and breakfasts that give
children the nutrition they need to learn and grow. The grants focus on
implementation of Smarter Lunchrooms strategies, a broad toolkit of
easy-to-implement, evidence-based practices designed to increase consumption of
healthier foods and decrease plate waste.
 USDA awarded $5.6 million in grants in FY2013 to provide training and technical
assistance for child nutrition foodservice professionals and support stronger
school nutrition education programs, and plans to award additional grants in FY
2014.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Marion Record (South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 26, 2013

I Believe m the Future of Agriculture Campaign Set To Begin

BYLINE: The Marion Record staff

LENGTH: 311  words


Agriculture Education and FFA develop premier leadership, personal growth, and
career success in young people who will be our future farmers, ranchers,
agriculture employees and community leaders. State educational funding does not
provide any designated funding for Agriculture Education and FFA, so help is
needed.

Cargill, Parker and other local elevators recognize the value of supporting
agriculture education and FFA today to build leaders for tomorrow. Together with
the SD FFA Foundation, these agriculture supporters are launching the I Believe
in the Future of Agriculture campaign. Agriculture producers, FFA supporters and
alumni can turn their words into deeds by donating grain or funds to support
local FFA chapters.

Individuals that wish to make grain donations can do so at participating
elevators (ADM Benson Quinn of Hitchcock Tulare, Cargill of Parker, Central
Farmers Cooperative, Harrold Terminal, Midwest Cooperatives, Miller Terminal,
North Central Farmers Elevator, Northern CHS Service Center, and SD Wheat
Growers)and cash donation cards can be obtained from your local FFA chapter
members, or donate securely online at the South Dakota FFA Foundation's website:
http://www.sdffafoundation.org

"Members of local chapters will directly benefit from this bushel donation
drive," says Maria Buus, production supervisor trainee at Cargill, Parker. "The
FFA organization allows students tremendous opportunities to grow in leadership
and prepare for countless career opportunities. We are excited to be a part of
this fundraising program. "

The local campaign will run October 1 through December 31, 2013. To participate,
contact your local sponsoring elevator or go to www.sdffafoundation.org. For
more information about the campaign, contact Gerri Ann Eide, South Dakota FFA
Foundation Executive Director, at 605-765-4865 or gerri@sdffafoundation.org

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MRN

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 The Marion Record


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The New Era (Parker, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 26, 2013

Cargill, Parker helps FFA launch "I Believe in the Future of Agriculture"
campaign

BYLINE: The New Era staff

LENGTH: 313  words


Agriculture Education and FFA develop premier leadership, personal growth, and
career success in young people who will be our future farmers, ranchers,
agriculture employees and community leaders. State educational funding does not
provide any designated funding for Agriculture Education and FFA, so help is
needed. Cargill, Parker and other local elevators recognize the value of
supporting agriculture education and FFA today to build leaders for tomorrow.
Together with the SD FFA Foundation, these agriculture supporters are launching
the I Believe in the Future of Agriculture campaign. Agriculture producers, FFA
supporters and alumni can turn their words into deeds by donating grain or funds
to support local FFA chapters. Individuals that wish to make grain donations can
do so at participating elevators (ADM Benson Quinn of Hitchcock Tulare, Cargill
of Parker, Central Farmers Cooperative, Har-rold Terminal, Midwest Cooperatives,
Miller Terminal, North Central Farmers Elevator, Northern CHS Service Center,
and SD Wheat Growers)and cash donation cards can be obtained from your local FFA
chapter members, or donate securely online at the South Dakota FFA Foundation's
website: http://www.sdf-fafoundation.org

"Members of local chapters will directly benefit from this bushel donation
drive," says Maria Buus, production supervisor trainee at Cargill, Parker. "The
FFA organization allows students tremendous opportunities to grow in leadership
and prepare for countless career opportunities. We are excited to be a part of
this fundraising program." The local campaign will run Tuesday, Oct. 1 through
Tuesday, Dec. 31. To participate, contact your local sponsoring elevator or go
to www.sdffa-foundation.org. For more information about the campaign, contact
Gerri Ann Eide, South Dakota FFA Foundation Executive Director, at 605-765-4865
or gerri@sdffafoundation. org.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NER

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2013 The New Era


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          September 17, 2005 Saturday

Funding targets borer beetle;
U.S. Agriculture Department calls insect a 'threat'

BYLINE: By Steve Bennish sbennish@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 269 words


U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns announced this week that $7.8 million in
emergency funding - including $4 million for Ohio - will be available to combat
the emerald ash borer beetle.

"The emerald ash borer is a significant threat to the environment and our
economy," Johanns said Thursday.

"The additional funding will enable Ohio, Michigan and Indiana to proceed with
containment and eradication efforts to safeguard our nation's urban, suburban
and rural forests."

Michigan will receive $2.1 million, Indiana $1.8 million.

Melissa Brewer, spokeswoman for the Ohio Department of Agriculture, said that of
$21.7 million requested by the state for borer eradication in 2005, the U.S.
Department of Agriculture has so far allocated $16.75 million, including the
latest funding.

With adult insects now emerging, Brewer said, "we'll put the money to good use
and get right in there."

Northwest Ohio is considered a gateway for the insect to spread throughout the
United States. With the new funding, eradication will begin in Delaware,
Auglaize and Ottawa counties.

The emerald beetle, a native of China, was first detected in Michigan in July
2002.

It has since been found in Ohio, Indiana, Maryland and Virginia. The USDA said
that more than 14,000 square miles are currently quarantined because of the
beetle.

The quarantines restrict the movement of all hardwood firewood, nursery stock
and green lumber.

So far, 610,000 ash trees have been removed in the attempt to stop the spread of
the borer.

For more information see: ohioagriculture.gov/eab/ and emeraldashborer.info/ on
the Web.

Contact Steve Bennish at 225-7407.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: Congressman Alex X. Mooney (WV-2) Announces Rural Business
Development Grant for Hardy and Hampshire Counties

LENGTH: 282  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Alex Mooney has issued the following news release:




 Today, Congressman Alex X. Mooney announced $85,000 in grant funding from the
United States Department of Agriculture



 "The United States Department of Agriculture announced $85,000 worth of grant
funding for rural development in Hardy and Hampshire Counties. These grants will
help promote local farmers and products while developing and implementing new
and innovative farming techniques. If my office can ever be of assistance in
helping secure more grants like these I encourage local organizations and
individuals to reach out to my office at any time," said Rep. Alex X. Mooney.





 Specific Grant Information Listed Below:



 Eastern WV Community and Technical College Foundation (WV-2) (HARDY COUNTY)



 Rural Development grant of $32,000



 Project Description: Rural Development funds will be used for the development
and implementation of agriculture development program including Agriculture
Action Council, Ag-Innovation Program, Farm Transition Plan and Bicohar Research
and Education Initiative.



 Farm Work Wonders Corporation (WV-2) (HARDY COUNTY)



 Rural Development grant of $53,000



 Project Description:   Rural Development funds will be used for the operation
and marketing of the Wardensville Garden Market which will promote local farmers
and specialty agriculture products in Hardy and Hampshire Counties.



 Alex X. Mooney represents West Virginia's Second Congressional District in the
U.S. House of Representatives. He is a member of the Budget and Natural
Resources Committees.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: Congressman Alex X. Mooney (WV-2) Announces Rural Business
Development Grant for Hardy and Hampshire Counties

LENGTH: 282  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Alex Mooney has issued the following news release:




 Today, Congressman Alex X. Mooney announced $85,000 in grant funding from the
United States Department of Agriculture



 "The United States Department of Agriculture announced $85,000 worth of grant
funding for rural development in Hardy and Hampshire Counties. These grants will
help promote local farmers and products while developing and implementing new
and innovative farming techniques. If my office can ever be of assistance in
helping secure more grants like these I encourage local organizations and
individuals to reach out to my office at any time," said Rep. Alex X. Mooney.





 Specific Grant Information Listed Below:



 Eastern WV Community and Technical College Foundation (WV-2) (HARDY COUNTY)



 Rural Development grant of $32,000



 Project Description: Rural Development funds will be used for the development
and implementation of agriculture development program including Agriculture
Action Council, Ag-Innovation Program, Farm Transition Plan and Bicohar Research
and Education Initiative.



 Farm Work Wonders Corporation (WV-2) (HARDY COUNTY)



 Rural Development grant of $53,000



 Project Description:   Rural Development funds will be used for the operation
and marketing of the Wardensville Garden Market which will promote local farmers
and specialty agriculture products in Hardy and Hampshire Counties.



 Alex X. Mooney represents West Virginia's Second Congressional District in the
U.S. House of Representatives. He is a member of the Budget and Natural
Resources Committees.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                             June 23, 2009 Tuesday

Province investing in honeybees, apples

BYLINE: SHAWN BERRY berry.shawn@dailygleaner.com

SECTION: NEWS;NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 505  words


The province is doubling the investment capital it's providing to help support
new innovation in New Brunswick's agriculture industry.

The province is investing $1.7 million in six projects ranging from expanding
the number of honeybee hives to make New Brunswick self-sufficient at blueberry
pollination, to funding to establish new apple varieties.

The province said the funding will help the agriculture and agri-food sectors be
innovative and viable.

"We didn't just want to put handouts out there. We wanted to make sure we put
money into something that would help them to become more sustainable and more
durable," said Agriculture Minister Ronald Ouellette.

This year's provincial funding doubles the province's 2008 investment of
$850,000.

"These are initiatives to help create stimulus," Ouellette said.

The province expects to leverage another $5 million to $6 million in investments
from producers for the projects.

The apple industry, for instance, is one area that was identified as stagnant,
he said.

"What I (hope to do is help) the apple industry to change their varieties and
have other varieties on the market and also to help with the storage of apples,"
he said.

This is the third consecutive year that the province has provided the funding.

The program will also fund:

* the livestock genetic-enhancement initiative, which is intended to improve the
genetic base of New Brunswick livestock sectors through the purchase or
retention of genetically superior animals;

* the market development initiative for export opportunities to develop and
expand export markets for New Brunswick's primary agriculture products;

* the apple development initiative to improve orchard and apple-storage systems,
apple varieties and rootstocks;

* the organic development initiative to support the transition to organic
production;

* and the honeybee expansion initiative to help buy colonies and encourage the
splitting of existing strong colonies.

It will also fund the Agri-land Development program to help producers bring more
land into production.

"It's initiatives like that that make sure the industry becomes more
sustainable," Ouellette said of the industry facing many challenges

"There are so many exterior things that can influence things."

Temperature, weather, the cost of production and market prices can all play
against farmers.

"Especially when you get into the potato industry, for instance. You put it in
the ground in the spring, but in the fall you never know what the market will be
like. So sometimes it can be an investment that could have quite an effect on
agriculture."

They're also eyeing buy American initiatives that are popping up in the United
States.

"We export most of our products and our market is mostly in the United States "¦
that could have quite an effect on our exports, especially with the economic
situation we are in," he said.

"In Canada we've seen a lot of challenges; in New Brunswick we're holding our
own."

Ouellette said the funding priorities were identified by industry after a recent
agriculture summit.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Weiser Signal American (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 9, 2014

PCN eradication effort funded

BYLINE: Weiser Signal American staff

LENGTH: 274  words


The Idaho State Department of Agriculture (ISDA) received official word recently
that $400,000 in additional federal funding is being allocated to Pale Cyst
Nematode (PCN) eradication efforts in Idaho. The additional funding follows
efforts by Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson and the Idaho State Department of
Agriculture to work with USDA's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service
(APHIS) to secure the funding.

Over the past six years, federal funding of PCN eradication efforts has fallen
from a high of over $9 million per year to $4.2 million per year. Last year,
ISDA issued a deficiency warrant covering a nearly $1 million shortfall to keep
the program on track. This year the program faced a $400,000 shortfall. The
additional $400,000 in federal funding will keep the program on track and avoid
the need for ongoing state funding.

"This is tremendous news for potato growers in eastern Idaho and for Idaho's
agriculture industry," said ISDA Director Celia Gould. "I want to thank
Congressman Simpson for stepping up to the plate and working with APHIS to
secure this critical funding. His efforts were essential to getting this done. I
also want to thank APHIS Administrator Kevin Shea and his staff for their
cooperation and willingness to work with us and find additional funds in an
already tight budget."

"PCN poses a real threat to our state's most iconic crop and keeping the
eradication program on track is critical to maintaining and growing export
opportunities," said Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson.

For more information on PCN, please visit ISDA's PCN website at:
http://www.agri.idaho.gov/Categories/NewsEvents/PCNquestions.php.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEI

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 Weiser Signal American


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 20, 2014

Important 2014 deadlines for livestock disaster aid

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 336  words


Minnesota livestock producers can submit notices of animal loss and apply for
payment to the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA)
disaster programs, which were reinstated with the passage of the 2014 Farm Bill.
Funding is retroactive and covers some losses back to October, 2011. Claims from
past years must have proper documentation to receive funding, which may include
photos, ownership records or purchase and transportation receipts.

"With funding restored, now is the time to act. The Minnesota Department of
Agriculture (MDA) has been encouraging producers over the last few years to
document all losses pending this return in funding of livestock assistance
programs. We encourage producers to connect with their local Minnesota FSA to
seek reimbursement," said MDA livestock development supervisor, Curt Zimmerman.

The reimbursements cover several areas of livestock and are broken down into
three categories:

Livestock Indemnity Program: pays producer for livestock deaths dating back to
October, 2011 caused by adverse' weather or attacks by animals reintroduced into
the wild by the federal government. Deadline to submit a notice of loss and
application for payment is January 30, 2015.

Livestock Forage Program: pays producer for livestock losses due to drought or
fire on pastureland planted specifically for grazing, dating back to October,
2011. Deadline to submit a notice of loss and application for payment is January
30, 2015.

Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees and Farm-Raised Fish Program:
provides producer assistance for eligible losses due to disease and weather
conditions not covered in the Forage or Indemnity Programs. These losses are
covered dating back to 2012 and deadline to submit a notice of loss and
application for payment is August 1, 2014.

Questions and specific qualifications and deadlines to file for losses can be
directed to the Minnesota FSA office at
www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/state-offapp?mystate=mn&area=home&sub
ject=landing&topic=landing.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2014 The Ortonville Independent


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                             June 16, 2011 Thursday

House approves Ag budget cutting CFTC's proposed funding by 44%

LENGTH: 234 words


The House of Representatives on Thursday, June 16, approved 217-203 a 2012
Agriculture budget that would cut the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
funding 44% from the President's proposal, potentially leaving the CFTC unable
to take on its new duties of overseeing the $300 trillion swaps derivatives
industry. The vote is in line with House Republicans' plan to put off much of
the Dodd-Frank Act's new derivatives regulation until 2012 and includes language
requiring that reporting rules for commodity swap data be finalized and in
effect for a year before the CFTC can lock in final trade blocks or real-time
reporting rules.

Democrats and consumer groups on Thursday criticized the move, while Republicans
said the decrease made needed spending cuts. "This bill answers the call from
Americans to reduce government spending while still providing for critical
programs that keep American agriculture competitive in a global economy," said
House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers, R-Ky. The Obama administration's
Office of Management and Budget said it has "serious concerns" about the funding
level provided by the bill and "strongly objects to the funding level for CFTC."
The OMB warned the CFTC cuts "would cause a cut in staffing levels and seriously
undermine CFTC's ability to protect investors and consumers by effectively
policing the futures and swaps marketplace."  - Ira Teinowitz

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2011 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The New Era (Parker, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 20, 2014

Funding available through USDA for South Dakota honeybee habitat

BYLINE: The New Era staff

LENGTH: 279  words


The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced recently more than
$4 million in technical and financial assistance is available to Midwest farmers
and ranchers to improve honey bee habitat.

This funding provides producers guidance and support to implement conservation
practices that will create safe and diverse food sources for honey bees.

"Honey bees play a vital role in South Dakota crop production," said Bob
Reiners, South Dakota Department of Agriculture SDDA) apiary specialist. "Our
state is home to 324,682 colonies maintained by 228 beekeepers on 6,748
locations across the state. In 2013, these colonies produced 14,840,000 pounds
of honey with a value of $30,570,000. In recent years, we have run into
decreasing numbers due to colony collapse disorder. This USDA initiative will
also provide additional benefits to native pollinators."

Local staff and technical specialists with the NRCS can help develop a plan to
address resource concerns. Now is the time to contact your local Natural
Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) office to begin developing a good
conservation plan on your farm or ranch or, visit www.sd.nrcs usda.gov
<http://www.sd.nrcs.usda.gov>. Funding is provided through the Environmental
Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) and applications are due Friday, Nov. 21.

Agriculture is South Dakota's No. 1 industry, generating $25.6 billion in annual
economic activity and employing 115,651 South Dakotans. The South Dakota
Department of Agriculture's mission is to promote, protect, preserve and improve
this industry for today and tomorrow. Visit us online at http://sdda.sd.gov
<http://sdda. sd.gov> or find us on Facebook and Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NER

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2014 The New Era


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 15, 2009

Ag related research funding approved

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 263  words


WASHINGTON - Congress has given final approval to an appropriations bill that
includes investments promoted by U.S. Sens. Byron Dorgan and Kent Conrad and
Congressman Earl Pomeroy in North Dakota's agriculture research industry.

The Fiscal year 2010 Agriculture Appropriations bill now goes to the presidents
desk for his signature. Some of the North Dakota projects in the bill are:

- Renewable Energy and Products Research, NDSU, $l million:

This funding will be used by North Dakota State University to continue its
research on test plots at six North Dakota sites to determine which perennial
biomass crops grow best at each location using various harvesting, storage and
conversion techniques.

Agrosecurity: Disease Surveillance and Public Health, NDSU and DSU, $700,000:

This funding will be used by North Dakota State University and Dickinson State
University to enhance the region's capability to quickly diagnose and respond to
a potential disease outbreak in the U.S. agricultural food chain. The
agrosecurity project focuses on animal health and disease models, disease
diagnostics, and the ability to control the impact of a disease outbreak through
animal identification, trace-back and rapid response.

- Blackbird Management. North and South Dakota, $265,000: This funding will be
used by the United States Department oi Agriculture to develop new techniques
and refine current methods including cattail management, to reduce blackbird
damage on ssun flowers. Blackbird damage cost! sunflower growers in North Dakota
South Dakota and Minnesota about $40 million annually.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2009 Golden Valley News


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                            January 3, 2013 Thursday

Trade programs get extension in 'fiscal cliff' deal

BYLINE: Maria Clark

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 255  words


Dozens of agricultural programs dodged a bullet Wednesday with the signing of
the 'fiscal cliff' deal. They include local entities devoted to promoting trade
for small businesses.

The negotiations included a nine-month extension of the Farm Bill, a $500
billion piece of legislation that expired on Sept. 30. The bill, which stalled
in Congress, provides funding to organizations such as the Southern United
States Trade Association, based in New Orleans, and the Southern Forest Products
Association, headquartered in Kenner, to help companies export products
overseas. The extension, however, will not provide money for agricultural
disaster relief programs that also expired Sept. 30.

SUSTA and the SFPA were among 78 trade and export organizations that faced
limited to no funding heading into 2013 without a Farm Bill extension. The 2013
version of the bill, which is renegotiated every five years, will have to be
approved by Sept. 30 when the extension expires.

SUSTA president Jerry Hingle said his organization was going to have to
reallocate money they hadn't spent in the past in order to continue operations
this year. SUSTA operates on an annual budget of around $10 million funded
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Market Access Program.

"One in three acres is exported," Hingle said, referring the agriculture
products grown in the United States. "Our funding is a tiny sliver of the Farm
Bill. We have to have the resources to keep the doors open to trade. "

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Pennsylvania Receives Nearly $2.8 Million from 2014 Farm Bill to Protect
Agriculture, Plants from Pests, Diseases

LENGTH: 477  words

DATELINE: Denver


UBM Marketing and Communications Services has issued the following Press
release:

Twenty-one Pennsylvania projects will protect the state's agriculture industry
against pest and disease as a result of nearly $2.8 million in funding through
the 2014 Farm Bill, Acting Agriculture Secretary Russell Redding announced
today.

"When we fight invasive species in Pennsylvania, we aren't just working to
safeguard our agriculture industry, but the industry in neighboring states and
across the country," said Redding. "I appreciate the support that USDA has given
us - particularly to combat the Spotted Lanternfly - as these programs will help
agriculture across our nation and around the globe."

The projects are funded through the Plant Pest and Disease Management and
Disaster Prevention Program through the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service. The program supports projects
that prevent the introduction or spread of plant pests, diseases and pathogens,
as well as ensure the availability of a healthy supply of clean plant stock in
the United States.

Grants, which are distributed throughout state government, universities and
nonprofits, total $2,777,197. They will, in part, address Spotted Lanternfly,
but also diseases affecting honeybees and other threats such as boxwood blight,
thousand cankers disease and the walnut twig beetle that carries it, and the
Asian giant hornet. Other money will support outreach and survey efforts for
orchards, grapes and other industry segments.

More than $1.5 million of the funding will help Pennsylvania eradicate the
Spotted Lanternfly, an inch-long black, red and white spotted pest discovered
last fall in Berks County. The insect could severely impact the state's grape,
fruit tree and hardwood industries. It is native to China, India, Japan and
Vietnam. Spotted Lanternfly is an invasive species in Korea, where it has
attacked 25 plant species that also grow in Pennsylvania.

The Department of Agriculture will receive nearly $1.4 million to hire crews for
survey and assist in eradication efforts in the six Berks County townships
infested with the Spotted Lanternfly.

More than $122,000 in additional funding has been made available for federal
research on pathways for pest introduction, pesticide efficacy, and development
of monitoring and control tactics. Penn State's College of Agricultural Sciences
will receive more than $27,000 to study the impact of Spotted Lanternfly on the
grape industry and to develop control solutions for growers and an additional
$30,500 for outreach and extension programming. Kutztown University will receive
more than $13,000 to study the North American host range of Spotted Lanternfly
and its seasonal occurrence.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The News Virginian (Waynesboro, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 20, 2007 Tuesday

Cash and crops

BYLINE: Bob Stuart, The News Virginian, Waynesboro, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 398 words


Mar. 20--STAUNTON -- U.S. Department of Agriculture officials told Shenandoah
Valley farmers on Monday that they hope the 2007 version of the farm bill will
reflect policy that is fair to farmers and helpful to those starting a career in
agriculture.

But 6th District Rep. Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., who hosted his annual agriculture
conference Monday, cautioned that funding for the bill will be tighter than the
2002 farm bill version passed by Congress.

"The last farm bill was written when we had surpluses,'' Goodlatte said during
opening remarks at the Frontier Culture Museum. "Now we have deficits and money
is much tighter."

The farm bill offers farmers payments and other help to supplement their
incomes, support crop prices and manage supplies.

Bruce Knight, the USDA's undersecretary for marketing and regulatory programs,
said the department would like the farm bill to better assist starting farmers
and those socially disadvantaged.

Secretary of Agriculture Mike Johanns has also proposed nearly $8 billion more
in funding for conservation programs in the farm bill.

Johanns' proposals came after the cabinet member visited 48 states to dialogue
with farmers about what U.S. farm policy should be, Knight said.

Knight said Johanns wants a farm policy that will be more equitable, and protect
all those in agriculture.

But Knight noted that the number of those in agriculture has greatly diminished
in 70 years in the United States.

"We had six million farms in the 1930s; we have 2 million now,'' he said.

And Knight noted that the crops farmed on one of every three United States acres
today are exported.

On an encouraging note, Knight said that 26 percent of American farmers have now
consented to a national animal identification system.

Knight said the system is a voluntary one, designed to protect farmers'
livestock from a disease outbreak.

Under the system, farmers register their locations with the USDA. Knight said
the information will only be available to the USDA, and will not be subject to
freedom of information.

Contact Bob Stuart at bstuart@newsvirginian.com

Copyright (c) 2007, The News Virginian, Waynesboro, Va. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070320-NX-0320-Cash-and-crops

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NX


                       Copyright 2007 The News Virginian


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Development Credit Authority Loan Portfolio Guarantee Ministry of Agriculture,
Forestry, and Rural Development

LENGTH: 368  words


Partners: TEB Bank, Banka Ekonomike, Raiffeisen Bank, ProCredit Bank, BKT Bank
and NLB
Bank, with funding from the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Rural
Development
Description : The Development Credit Authority (DCA) loan portfolio guarantee
aims to increase access to credit for Kosovo  s agriculture sector by providing
a 50% risk guarantee to loans issued by participating banks. The DCA guarantee
gives banks the incentive to lend to farmers, who would otherwise find it
difficult or impossible to obtain financing, in order to demonstrate their
potential profitability.


Through the DCA, USAID is also assisting Kosovo  s financial sector to introduce
new products tailored to meet the needs of agricultural businesses throughout
the agriculture value chains.
On September 26, 2012 a DCA agreement was signed between USAID and six local
commercial banks with the funding from the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry,
and Rural Development (MAFRD). MAFRD contributed a

2.5 Million subsidy towards the $26 million in loans planned to be generated
through the DCA.
This is the first time in the history of USAID  s DCA that a government
counterpart completely covered the subsidy costs of a guarantee

an innovative model that is now being replicated in other countries.
The targeted borrowers are private enterprises operating in Kosovo throughout
the value chains of the horticulture, livestock, and cereal sectors.  The loans
go towards targeted investments designed to encourage growth of the borrowers

operations in the agricultural sector.
Results:
To date, six banks have disbursed $12 million in loans to the agriculture
sector.
The banks have made 535 loans with an average loan size of $23,000.
The loans have been issued to enterprises in various agribusiness sectors such
as dairy, livestock, animal feed, fruits and vegetables and other related
sub-sectors, with terms ranging from 12 to 48 months.
Project completion date : 2022-09-30 12:00:00
Major organization : UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT (USAID)


Address : 1300 Pennsylvania Ave NW,
Washington, DC 20004

Country :United States
Url : www.usaid.gov /

Financier : United States Agency for International Development (USAID),

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2013 Monday

Casey Leads Bipartisan Group of Senators Urging USDA to Prioritize Emergency
Food Assistance

LENGTH: 1083  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Robert P. Casey,Jr. U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Today, U.S. Senator Bob Casey (D-PA) and a bipartisan group of 21 other senators
sent a letter to U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack urging him
to make emergency purchases during this fiscal year to assist The Emergency Food
Assistance Program (TEFAP). TEFAP provides funding for food banks to purchase
nutritious foods and to help transport and deliver that food to Americans in
need.  Federal support for TEFAP is estimated to drop off by nearly $130 million
this fiscal year, if USDA does not make emergency purchases.

"The need for emergency food assistance has outpaced supply at a time of
continued elevated unemployment and underemployment, increased food and fuel
costs, and reduced funding for TEFAP storage and distribution, increasing the
challenges facing food banks. Thirty-seven million people-- one in eight
Americans-- are now receiving emergency food assistance each year through the
nation's food banks," the Senators wrote. "With the millions of families across
the country continuing to struggle to make ends meet in the wake of the
recession, TEFAP commodities are critical to emergency food providers like food
banks."

The number of people in need of emergency food assistance will remain at
unprecedented levels as the economy continues to recover and unemployment rates
improve. Federal bonus funding for TEFAP is estimated to drop off from $304
million in FY2012 to only $133 million this fiscal year. This dramatic decrease
in funding will severely affect efforts to combat the growing need for emergency
food assistance. Without additional funding, too many food banks face the
prospect of empty or seriously depleted food stocks.

The full text of the letter can be found below:

The Honorable Tom Vilsack

Secretary of Agriculture

U.S. Department of Agriculture

140 Independence Avenue, SW

Washington, DC

Dear Mr. Secretary:

Thank you for your continued commitment in the fight against hunger.  We know
this is an issue USDA cares deeply about, as was demonstrated last August by the
$170 million purchase of meat and poultry products designated for the Emergency
Food Assistance Program (TEFAP) and the recent launch of the U.S. Food Waste
Challenge.  Food banks across the country are depending on USDA to continue this
commitment.

We write this letter to strongly urge you to once again use your administrative
authorities to distribute existing funding and to do as much as USDA is able to
meet demands for TEFAP commodities at food banks. Specifically, we encourage you
to make additional bonus purchases in FY 2013 that are designated for TEFAP.

Unfortunately, the need for emergency food assistance has outpaced supply at a
time of continued elevated unemployment and underemployment, increased food and
fuel costs, and reduced funding for TEFAP storage and distribution, increasing
the challenges facing food banks.  Thirty-seven million people-- one in eight
Americans-- are now receiving emergency food assistance each year through the
nation's food banks  In FY 2012, USDA announced $304 million in bonus commodity
purchases that were distributed through TEFAP to hungry Americans.  Unless
additional purchases are made in FY 2013, the purchase amount is expected to
only reach $133 million. Food banks are struggling to meet high demand,
sometimes unable to fill order requests from local agencies. Such significant
shortfalls could be significantly ameliorated by USDA making additional TEFAP
commodity purchases and maximizing market surplus opportunities.

With the millions of families across the country continuing to struggle to make
ends meet in the wake of the recession, TEFAP commodities are critical to
emergency food providers like food banks. Our nation's food banks are finding it
increasingly difficult to meet the unprecedented need they are experiencing in
their communities.  According to Feeding America, TEFAP commodities comprise, on
average, about 20 percent of the food moving through their network of more than
200 nationwide food banks and 61,000 local partners.  Without additional TEFAP
commodities, food banks will be hard-pressed to continue providing current
levels of food assistance to those in need.

We appreciate your attention to this request and look forward to hearing from
you regarding this issue.

Sincerely,

Robert P. Casey Jr.                                                  Lisa
Murkowski

United States Senator                                            United States
Senator

Patty Murray                                                            Tom
Harkin

United States Senator                                            United States
Senator

Martin Heinrich                                                      Brian
Schatz

United States Senator                                            United States
Senator

Dianne Feinstein                                                     Kirsten E.
Gillibrand

United States Senator                                            United States
Senator

Tom Udall                                                                 Ron
Wyden

United States Senator                                            United States
Senator

John D. Rockefeller IV                                           Richard
Blumenthal

United States Senator                                            United States
Senator

Jeanne Shaheen                                                      Susan M.
Collins

United States Senator                                            United States
Senator

Barbara Boxer                                                          Bernard
Sanders

United States Senator                                            United States
Senator

Patrick J. Leahy                                                       Tim Kaine

United States Senator                                            United States
Senator

Sherrod Brown                                                        Carl Levin

United States Senator                                            United States
Senator

Tim Johnson                                                            Max
Baucus

United States Senator                                            United States
Senator

Charles E. Schumer                                                Jack Reed

United States Senator                                            United States
Senator

For further information please visit: http://www.casey.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Aberdeen Times (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 25, 2015

USDA announced funding for food and agriculture research

BYLINE: The Aberdeen Times staff

LENGTH: 140  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture's National Institute of Food and Agriculture
(NIFA) announced the availability of more than $160 million in funding for
research, education, and extension projects that address key challenges
affecting U.S. agriculture production. These awards will be funded through
Agriculture and Food Re-search Initiative (AFRI).

NIFA released six separate requests for applications (RFA) through the AFRI
program. An RFA addresses six Farm Bill priority areas: plant health, production
and plant products; animal health, production and animal products; food safety,
nutrition and health; bioenergy, natural resources and environment; agriculture
systems and technology and agriculture economics and rural communities.

Application deadlines vary by program area For more information go to the
following website: www.nifa.gov.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ABD

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 The Aberdeen Times


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 24, 2016 Friday

Washington: Reversing Pollinator Decline is Key to Feeding the Future

LENGTH: 865  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 Without pollinators, we don't eat--it's simple as that--and, at the moment,
large numbers of pollinators are dying.  With the world's population projected
to exceed 9 billion in just the next 30 years or so, that is not a good position
for us to be in.

More than 90 species of U.S. specialty crops require pollination, and various
animals, including bees, butterflies, moths, bats, and birds are a critical part
of the pollinator-plant ecosystem.  Despite the myriad species of pollinators
available, American farmers rely on one species of honey bee, Apis mellifera,
for most of the pollinator services to pollinate their crops. Wild and managed
bees together add $15 billion in crop value each year. During the past 30-plus
years, our nation's pollinator populations have suffered serious losses due to
invasive pests and diseases, such as mites and viral and fungal pathogens,
exposure to pesticides and other chemicals, loss of habitat, loss of species and
genetic diversity, and changing climate. Numerous species of butterflies, moths,
and native bees are either extremely rare or are extinct.  A recent report
states that 44 percent of managed honey bee colonies were lost in 2015-2016,
largely due to infectious diseases carried by varroa mite larvae. Recognizing
the importance of honey bees and other pollinators to agriculture and the health
of natural systems, President Barack Obama established the Pollinator Task Force
to develop a national strategy to protect and promote health of pollinators.
The task force, co-chaired by the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency, released the Pollinator Research Action Plan in
May 2015.  This comprehensive plan guides the federal agenda, including
research, to restore and increase pollinator habitat and populations. The
National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) is making major investments to
protect and promote pollinator health and protect U.S. agriculture.  Between
2008 and 2014, NIFA invested approximately $40 million in competitive and
capacity grants devoted to research, extension, and educational programming on
bee health.  Just this past month of May, NIFA announced a new, stand-alone $6
million funding opportunity through the Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative's Food Security Challenge Area to address some of the priorities of
the Pollinator Research Action Plan.  In fiscal year 2017, NIFA plans to
dedicate $10 million in funding for pollinator health research. The following
are a few, recent accomplishments resulting from NIFA funding provided to
university, government, and private partners. The Bee Informed Partnership
(BIP), an extension-led consortium of bee researchers and extension specialists,
is working closely with beekeepers and queen breeders to demonstrate monitoring
techniques for disease and mite management. The partnership is also working with
queen breeders to use regionally appropriate practices for selecting mite and
disease resistance traits.  Recent findings show that beekeepers who follow BIP
guidelines to manage varroa mites have a 20.4 percent annual colony loss rate,
which is a remarkable improvement. Washington State University (WSU) researchers
successfully recovered germplasm from a unique honey bee strain from Kazakhstan
to enhance the high quality genetic traits in honey bee stock.  The WSU Honey
Bee Germplasm Repository will use cryopreservation (deep freeze) methods for
long-term storage of bees to be used for breeding improved honey bee strains and
for distribution to major honey bee queen producers in the United States.
American foulbrood (AFB) is a prevalent and serious bacterial disease that
affects honeybees. University of Nevada-Las Vegas researchers used NIFA funding
to identify a virus that attacks AFB. Experimental trials to treat AFB
infections have significantly reduced AFB levels and increased overall honey bee
colony health. NIFA awarded $9 million to a team led by Michigan State
University to study the performance economics and farmer perceptions of
different pollination strategies.  Most recently, investigators provided the
first-ever quantitative assessment of the status and trends of wild bees the
United States.  Estimates showed that wild bees declined 23 percent across the
United States between 2008 and 2013.  The declines appear to be a result of
conversion of natural habitats to row crops, such as corn and soybeans, in the
Midwest. NIFA-funding helped develop and distribute Science, Technology,
Engineering, and Math (STEM)-based K-8 lesson plans--"Local Heroes: Your
Hardworking Pollinators"--to 3,000 formal and non-formal educators. More than
100 land-grant colleges and universities receive national program leadership and
funding support from NIFA to create extension education programs for their
communities.  One example is the integrated pest management program at Lincoln
University that helps farmers minimize pesticide use.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           January 17, 2004, Saturday

FARMING BRIEFS: FUNDING THE KEY TO VENEMAN'S ID SCHEME

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 139 words


FUNDING will be the key to US Agriculture Secretary, Ann Veneman's, goal of
advancing the nation's proposed animal identification system.

So far, there is no source of funding in sight and at least one livestock group
has concerns that Federal funding will require new legislation to protect
producer confidentiality.

Groundwork is in place, complete with a comprehensive design and work plans, for
the national system as the result of almost two years work by more than 70
livestock organizations and the US Department of Agriculture (USDA).

However, those familiar with the effort to put in place the system report that
no funding is included in the fiscal 2004 appropriations bill. All agricultural
spending is tied up in that omnibus package which faces an uncertain future when
Congress returns on Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Hendricks Pioneer (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 5, 2014

Important 2014 deadlines for livestock disaster aid programs;
MDA Commissioner Column

BYLINE: Hendricks Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 299  words


Minnesota livestock producers can submit notices of animal loss and apply for
payment to the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Farm Service Agency (FSA)
disaster programs, which were reinstated with the passage of the 2014 Farm Bill.
Funding is retroactive and covers some losses back to October 2011. Claims from
past years must have proper documentation to receive funding, which may include
photos, ownership records or purchase and transportation receipts.

"With funding restored, now is the time to act. The Minnesota Department of
Agriculture (MDA) has been encouraging producers over the last few years to
document all losses pending this return in funding of livestock assistance
programs. We encourage producers to connect with their local Minnesota FSA to
seek reimbursement," said MDA Livestock Development Supervisor Curt Zimmerman.

The reimbursements cover several areas of livestock and are broken down into
three categories:

Livestock Indemnity Program pays producer for livestock deaths dating back to
October 2011 caused by adverse weather or attacks by animals reintroduced into
the wild by the federal government. Deadline to submit a notice of loss and
application for payment is Jan. 30, 2015.

Livestock Forage Program pays producer for livestock losses due to drought or
fire on pasture-land planted specifically for grazing, dating back to October
2011. Deadline to submit a notice of loss and application for payment is Jan.
30, 2015.

Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees and Farm-Raised Fish Program
provides producer assistance for eligible losses due to disease and weather
conditions not covered in the Forage or Indemnity Programs. These losses are
covered dating back to 2012 and deadline to submit a notice of loss and
application for payment is Aug. 1, 2014.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HND

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 Hendricks Pioneer


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                   October 09, 2001 Tuesday NATIONAL EDITIONS

War profiteers at work: U.S. farmers are more concerned with lining their own
pockets with subsidies than with feeding troops or defending their country from
foreign competition

BYLINE: Lawrence Solomon;Lawrence Solomon is executive director of Urban
Renaissance Institute, a division of Energy Probe Research Foundation. E-mail:
LawrenceSolomon@nextcity.com

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST: EDITORIAL; Pg. FP11, The Next City

LENGTH: 1670 words


The war has begun and the profiteers are at work, parlaying the tragedy of Sept.
11 into lucre for their pocketbooks. The penny-ante profiteers, like the gas
station operators that preyed on public fears and jacked up pump prices to US$5
a gallon, have already been shamed into repaying their ill-gotten gains. The
big-time profiteers don't shame so easily.

In past wars, the big winners were the arms dealers and other suppliers to the
military. This time around, the big-time profiteers don't supply the government.
They sponge off the government. At the head of the sponge line are the United
States' farmers.

Prior to Sept. 11, farmers expected slim pickings from the public purse. Because
Americans didn't want to raid their Medicare or Social Security funds to provide
pork to farmers, the Agriculture Committee's ranking member in the House of
Representatives, Charles Stenholm, reluctantly conceded that hopes for a big
farm-subsidy package were 'dead.'

A few days later, terrorists struck the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, and
a savvy Mr. Stenholm decided the time was right for him to strike, too. The
'need for a new agriculture policy    may have been enhanced,' he decided,
setting to work to convince his fellow legislators that Sept. 11 makes
agriculture funding a priority. The farm lobbies smell victory, too. 'We're just
going all out trying to line up votes,' said Bob Stallman, president of the
largest farm lobby, the American Farm Bureau Federation. In the wake of the
tragedy, Mr. Stallman and his farm friends in Congress are seeking a 75%
increase in farm subsidies.

Mr. Stallman and other lobbyists claim that their resuscitated bill -- the Farm
Security Act -- will enhance the United States' food self-sufficiency. They were
making this claim prior to Sept. 11, too. 'This is going to be an issue for all
Americans,' Senator Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas had told The New York Times. 'Do
we want to support American agriculture and ensure our food security and
independence, or do we want to lose control eventually to the global marketplace
as we have with our energy policy?'

After Sept. 11, her words seemed to take on new significance. But they are a
fraud. The United States has no food security concerns -- it is an immense food
exporter.

The subsidies, which mostly go to wheat and other low-value export crops, do
affect global food security, but for the worse. By flooding world markets with
subsidized grain, U.S. farmers wreck international food markets and help put
farmers in poor countries, who can't compete against the United States' cheap
exports, out of business. Instead of feeding themselves, many of these countries
instead become food importers or rely on food aid. With their economies
undermined, local democracy is stunted and the poor countries' often despotic
rulers -- who control aid distribution -- become strengthened. Higher subsidies
for U.S. farmers would only increase the size of U.S. exports and undermine poor
countries further.

The profiteering U.S. farmer harms global security another way, too. The money
the farmers are clamouring for competes with, and compromises, funding for the
United States' legitimate security concerns. Little wonder that Senator Richard
Lugar, a leading member of the Senate's Agriculture Committee, deplores the rush
to pass a farm bill as 'irresponsible,' adding, 'To imply somehow we need a farm
bill in order to feed our troops, to defend our nation, is ridiculous.'

The Farm Security Act is not about the welfare of America's troops. It is about
the welfare of middle-class farmers, particularly a handful of big farmers who
grab the lion's share of the benefits. Last year, 10% of farmers received 61% of
the US$32.2-billion in subsides. For the five-year period ending in 2000,
one-third of the US$71.5-billion that the federal government paid in subsidies
went to the largest 2% of farms. The top 1% received an average of US$112,000
per year while the bottom 80% received an average of $1,200 per year.

Not that the average U.S. farmer is disadvantaged. With an average household
income of $64,000 in 1999, farm households came in 17% higher than the average
U.S. household. The average income of the households which own large farms,
which get the lion's share of the subsidies, exceeded $135,000 a year, $41,000
of which was subsidy. Amazingly, many of the legislators in farm states who
argue for and pass the bills are farmers themselves who, in the process, line
their own pockets. Ms. Lincoln's family farm, for example, received US$351,000
over the last five years.

Aircraft manufacturers such as Boeing, which in past wars profited by selling
bombers and other military aircraft to the armed forces, saw no silver lining to
the clouds of Sept. 11. Because it stands to lose far more business in civilian
aircraft than it can ever hope to earn in military aircraft, Boeing's stock
plummeted, as did that of most other manufacturers in the aircraft industry.
Boeing also announced it would need to lay off between 20,000 and 30,000
workers. The economic carnage in New York and throughout the country is immense,
and although some industries, and some workers, will be receiving federal aid,
that aid will not leave them whole. Many Americans are coming together at this
time to relieve the suffering, and making sacrifices of their own to help
victims of terrorism. Only one large group seeks to turn Sept. 11 into a
windfall: flag-waving American farmers.

LOAD-DATE: October 09, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic/Diagram: An illustration of a man's face: on the one side is a
farmer with a dollar sign in his eye, and on the other side, is Uncle Sam
shedding a tear.

TYPE: Business; Column

                    Copyright 2001 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Pennsylvania Receives Nearly $2.8 Million from 2014 Farm Bill to Protect
Agriculture, Plants from Pests, Diseases

LENGTH: 477  words

DATELINE: Denver


UBM Marketing and Communications Services has issued the following Press
release:

Twenty-one Pennsylvania projects will protect the state's agriculture industry
against pest and disease as a result of nearly $2.8 million in funding through
the 2014 Farm Bill, Acting Agriculture Secretary Russell Redding announced
today.

"When we fight invasive species in Pennsylvania, we aren't just working to
safeguard our agriculture industry, but the industry in neighboring states and
across the country," said Redding. "I appreciate the support that USDA has given
us - particularly to combat the Spotted Lanternfly - as these programs will help
agriculture across our nation and around the globe."

The projects are funded through the Plant Pest and Disease Management and
Disaster Prevention Program through the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service. The program supports projects
that prevent the introduction or spread of plant pests, diseases and pathogens,
as well as ensure the availability of a healthy supply of clean plant stock in
the United States.

Grants, which are distributed throughout state government, universities and
nonprofits, total $2,777,197. They will, in part, address Spotted Lanternfly,
but also diseases affecting honeybees and other threats such as boxwood blight,
thousand cankers disease and the walnut twig beetle that carries it, and the
Asian giant hornet. Other money will support outreach and survey efforts for
orchards, grapes and other industry segments.

More than $1.5 million of the funding will help Pennsylvania eradicate the
Spotted Lanternfly, an inch-long black, red and white spotted pest discovered
last fall in Berks County. The insect could severely impact the state's grape,
fruit tree and hardwood industries. It is native to China, India, Japan and
Vietnam. Spotted Lanternfly is an invasive species in Korea, where it has
attacked 25 plant species that also grow in Pennsylvania.

The Department of Agriculture will receive nearly $1.4 million to hire crews for
survey and assist in eradication efforts in the six Berks County townships
infested with the Spotted Lanternfly.

More than $122,000 in additional funding has been made available for federal
research on pathways for pest introduction, pesticide efficacy, and development
of monitoring and control tactics. Penn State's College of Agricultural Sciences
will receive more than $27,000 to study the impact of Spotted Lanternfly on the
grape industry and to develop control solutions for growers and an additional
$30,500 for outreach and extension programming. Kutztown University will receive
more than $13,000 to study the North American host range of Spotted Lanternfly
and its seasonal occurrence.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

New Mexico: NMDA announces two grant programs to expand New Mexico agriculture

LENGTH: 480  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

(LAS CRUCES, NM) - New Mexicans involved in agricultural production are invited
to apply to New Mexico Department of Agriculture (NMDA) for funding through one
of two grant programs.

Both programs are intended to develop or expand markets for agricultural
products grown in New Mexico.  Where they differ is in their respective details.

The first is called the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (Specialty Crops),
which is funded by United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).  NMDA serves
as fiscal agent for New Mexico's share of the federal funding.

"Pecans, chile, onions, greenhouse/nursery crops, pinto beans, honey - they're
all examples of specialty crops, which means marketing and promotion projects
built around them could be considered for this federal funding," said Felicia
Frost, a marketing specialist at NMDA who administers New Mexico's share of the
federal funds.  See USDA's definition and list of specialty crops.

Funding per Specialty Crops project typically ranges from $20,000 to $75,000,
but there is no cap.  Project length varies from one to three years.  The
deadline to apply for funding through the Specialty Crops program is April 20,
2015.  Funding is expected to become available on October 1, 2015.

The second program is called New Mexico Agricultural Development and Promotion
Funds (ADPF).  Unlike the Specialty Crops program, ADPF places no restrictions
on the type of agricultural commodity that can benefit.  Another difference is
that ADPF projects must be completed within one year.

Funding per ADPF project typically ranges from $500 to $10,000 for individual
applicants and up to $30,000 for groups working on a joint initiative.  The
deadline to apply for funding through the ADPF is May 1, 2015.  Funding is
expected to become available July 1, 2015.

For both grant programs, Frost said projects are given stronger consideration
when they have what it takes to succeed beyond the life of the grant - in other
words, projects that make good long-term business sense.

Both programs prohibit the use of grant funds to purchase land, buildings,
equipment, or any other type of capital improvement.  Also, for both programs
grantees are paid on a reimbursement basis; funds are released only after the
grantee has submitted an invoice and corresponding receipts.  The same project
cannot be funded through both programs.

Frost and other NMDA staff are hosting two free workshops for potential
applicants to understand both grant programs and how to apply for them:

Las Cruces:  March 17 from 2 to 4 p.m., NMDA (Conference Room), 3190 South
Espina Street
    Santa Fe:  March 23 from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m., Hotel Santa Fe (Hacienda
Meeting Room), 1501 Paseo de Peralta

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

New Mexico: NMDA announces two grant programs to expand New Mexico agriculture

LENGTH: 480  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

(LAS CRUCES, NM) - New Mexicans involved in agricultural production are invited
to apply to New Mexico Department of Agriculture (NMDA) for funding through one
of two grant programs.

Both programs are intended to develop or expand markets for agricultural
products grown in New Mexico.  Where they differ is in their respective details.

The first is called the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (Specialty Crops),
which is funded by United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).  NMDA serves
as fiscal agent for New Mexico's share of the federal funding.

"Pecans, chile, onions, greenhouse/nursery crops, pinto beans, honey - they're
all examples of specialty crops, which means marketing and promotion projects
built around them could be considered for this federal funding," said Felicia
Frost, a marketing specialist at NMDA who administers New Mexico's share of the
federal funds.  See USDA's definition and list of specialty crops.

Funding per Specialty Crops project typically ranges from $20,000 to $75,000,
but there is no cap.  Project length varies from one to three years.  The
deadline to apply for funding through the Specialty Crops program is April 20,
2015.  Funding is expected to become available on October 1, 2015.

The second program is called New Mexico Agricultural Development and Promotion
Funds (ADPF).  Unlike the Specialty Crops program, ADPF places no restrictions
on the type of agricultural commodity that can benefit.  Another difference is
that ADPF projects must be completed within one year.

Funding per ADPF project typically ranges from $500 to $10,000 for individual
applicants and up to $30,000 for groups working on a joint initiative.  The
deadline to apply for funding through the ADPF is May 1, 2015.  Funding is
expected to become available July 1, 2015.

For both grant programs, Frost said projects are given stronger consideration
when they have what it takes to succeed beyond the life of the grant - in other
words, projects that make good long-term business sense.

Both programs prohibit the use of grant funds to purchase land, buildings,
equipment, or any other type of capital improvement.  Also, for both programs
grantees are paid on a reimbursement basis; funds are released only after the
grantee has submitted an invoice and corresponding receipts.  The same project
cannot be funded through both programs.

Frost and other NMDA staff are hosting two free workshops for potential
applicants to understand both grant programs and how to apply for them:

Las Cruces:  March 17 from 2 to 4 p.m., NMDA (Conference Room), 3190 South
Espina Street
    Santa Fe:  March 23 from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m., Hotel Santa Fe (Hacienda
Meeting Room), 1501 Paseo de Peralta

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       McAlester News-Capital (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 28, 2011 Thursday

BRIEF: USDA secures water funding for Stuart

BYLINE: MJ Brickey, McAlester News-Capital, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 249 words


July 28--MCALESTER -- The United States Department of Agriculture Rural
Development has secured funds to aid Hughes County Rural Water District 2; RWD 2
customers, and a Community Impact Panel has selected officers to be present at a
RWD 2 water Board meeting in hopes for resignation of RWD 2 board members.

Last week, Wayne Pettigrew former Oklahoma state representative emailed the
McAlester News-Capital saying that he contacted the United States Department of
Agriculture office in Atoka and it has grants available through the Aura funds
that were part of the Stimulus Bill.

Wednesday, at 8:15 p.m. McAlester News-Capital received a press release from
USDA Rural Development Information Coordinator Kathy James.

According to the USDA Rural Development, Hughes County Rural Water District 2
customers will soon see improved drinking water and quality.

Changing water quality standards and increased chemical costs since the water
treatment plant was opened have caused the district's water quality to suffer.
RWD 2 water is high in both iron and manganese, which causes discoloration and
undesirable taste, according to the USDA Rural Development.

To see more of the McAlester News-Capital or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://mcalesternews.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, McAlester News-Capital, Okla.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110728-ZO-BRF-USDA-secures-water-funding-for-Stuart-0728-20110728

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZO


                     Copyright 2011 McAlester News-Capital


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                             July 13, 2006 Thursday

Officials say farm bill needs update

BYLINE: By Jennifer McLain Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 376 words


ARCADIA - Ending hunger in the United States and protecting the country's food
supply against pests should be top priorities in developing the 2007 farm act,
speakers at a public hearing said Wednesday.

Some Los Angeles County employees said the act, with a $92 billion federal
budget, should include more funding for food stamps and nutrition education.

"This is not a cost; it's an investment," said A.G. Kawamura, secretary of the
California Department of Food and Agriculture. Kawamura led the two-hour public
hearing in Arcadia to discuss possible improvements to the Farm Security and
Rural Investment Act of 2002, which expires next year.

While the broad-based bill will cover such issues as conservation, agriculture,
energy solutions and rural development, many speakers at the hearing expressed
hope that the bill would improve nutrition education in schools and improve
programs, such as food stamps, that help subsidize meals to low-income families.

"I am in contact personally or over the telephone with at least 200 people a
year who are looking for food resources," said Frank Tamborello of Hunger Action
Los Angeles. "They are dealing with hunger. One of the highest priorities in the
farm bill should be ending hunger in the United States."

More than half of the bill's funding will be dedicated to nutrition and other
food programs, according to federal guidelines.

Judy Huffaker, a dietician for the Alhambra Unified School District, said for
the past five years the district has offered its students such programs as
cooking in the classrooms, gardening and a harvest of the month, where they
sample locally grown produce.

"There was an increase in students eating more vegetables and fruits," said
Huffaker, who suggested that the bill could offer more funding to such programs.

California, America's farming leader, produces more than $34billion of
agriculture products in 2004, according to state figures. This brings with it
the responsibility of protecting fruit and vegetables from invasive species,
Kawamura said. He called pests "a national security threat," especially in Los
Angeles County.

"This is a battle ground," Kawamura said. "A lot of invasive species come
through these ports."

jennifer.mclain@sgvn.com

(626) 962-8811, Ext. 2477

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

Texas providing financial support to improve specialty crop production

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Ontario: Ottawa University has issued the following news release:



  Fifteen specialty crop projects across Texas will share $1.8 million in
funding from the Texas Department of Agriculture.





 Distributed by the United States Department of Agriculture's Agricultural
Marketing Service, the money will go towards helping promote specialty crops,
which include fruits and vegetables, dried fruits, nursery crops, horticulture
and floriculture.



 "Texas is a leader in the production of many specialty crops, including citrus,
onions, watermelons, pecans and grapes," Texas Commissioner of Agriculture Sid
Miller said. "This round of specialty crop funding will support these growing
segments of the Texas agriculture industry and producers across the state
through research and promotional activities. The more support we give our Texas
farmers, the more we can enjoy locally grown, fresh products."



 Projects were selected based on a specific set of criteria including food
safety improvements, development of the specialty crop industry, increases in
marketing and promotion of Texas crops, and protection of specialty crops from
pests and diseases.



 Projects set to receive funding include:



     The Texas Citrus Pest and Disease Management Corporation's commitment to
decreasing the spread of the plant disease known as citrus greening by hiring a
consultant to detect early signs of citrus greening.

     The Texas Pecan Growers Association trying to create new markets for
locally grown pecans by showcasing them at the Produce Marketing Association's
2016 Fresh Summit.

     The Texas Wine and Grape Growers Association will provide three educational
and outreach workshops about vineyard soil management with the goals of
attracting new producers and helping current growers produce more.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                  May 14, 2012

                            Lake Erie Biofuels, LLC

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Lake Erie Biofuels Receives Grant For Erie Biodiesel Plant In Pennsylvania, U.S.


   Date: 1/20/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Lake Erie Biofuels, LLC, a renewable energy company, received grant of $0.28
million for the construction of biofuel plant in Pennsylvania, United States.
The grant was provided by United States Department of Agriculture, through its
Bio-energy Program for Advanced Biofuels. The plant has a total production
capacity of 180 million litres.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."


DBA Hero Bx Receives Grant For Biofuel Plant In Pennsylvania, U.S.

   Date: 1/20/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Lake Erie Biofuels, LLC, a renewable energy company, received grant of $0.28
million for the construction of biofuel plant in Pennsylvania, United States.
The grant was provided by United States Department of Agriculture, through its
Bio-energy Program for Advanced Biofuels. The plant has a total production
capacity of 180 million litres.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."


HERO BX Receives $1.6 Million Grant For Biodiesel Plant, U.S.

   Date: 11/5/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Lake Erie Biofuels, LLC, a renewable energy company, received grant of $0.28
million for the construction of biofuel plant in Pennsylvania, United States.
The grant was provided by United States Department of Agriculture, through its
Bio-energy Program for Advanced Biofuels. The plant has a total production
capacity of 180 million litres.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Events                                  Investments
Key Facts                               Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2012


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Western Star (Coldwater, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 29, 2012

Funding Available to Plant Shelterbelts, Windbreaks;
Deadlines Near

BYLINE: The Western Star staff

LENGTH: 447  words


The Kansas Forest Service (KFS) is ready to help rural landowners qualify for
funding to plant windbreaks (shelterbelts) around their farmstead/headquarters
that would reduce energy consumption. The buildings must be heated to qualify.

Funding would be provided to eligible producers through the On-Farm Energy
Initiative, which is funded through Environmental Quality Incentives Program
(EQIP). The application periods for fiscal year 2012 funds end March 30 and June
1.

The program is administered by the United States Department of Agriculture (USD
A) Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS).

To apply, landowners must schedule an appointment with the NRCS office at their
local USDA Service Center. To qualify, applicants also must prepare a tree
planting plan and must document the energy savings their farmstead/headquarters
will realize from the proposed windbreak/shelterbelt. A KFS district forester
can be scheduled to help develop the plan.

"That's where one of our district foresters can help," said Bob Atchison, KFS
rural for-, estry coordinator.

"Our foresters are willing to visit a farmstead, talk to the owners about the
windbreak, and then prepare a design that should optimize the long-term energy
savings."

Research and experience show many details can affect a windbreak's
usefulness-shape, distance from buildings, plant selections, moisture
supply-according to Atchison.

The On-Farm Energy Initiative provides financial assistance to cover the
majority of cost to purchase and plant trees and shrub seedlings.

Payment rates may vary from $1.49 per bare-root seedling to $2.57 per
container-grown seedling and up to $5.57 for balled seedlings greater than 18
inches. The initiative does not cover other costs typically associated with
establishing windbreaks such as weed or grass control.

In Kansas, socially disadvantaged, limited resource, and beginning farmers and
ranchers will receive a higher payment rate for conservation practices related
to the On-Farm Energy Initiative.

"If an interested landowner happens to miss the 2012 deadlines, that is okay,"
Atchison said. "NRCS accepts the On-Farm Energy Initiative applications
year-round. If NRCS receives an application after this year's On-Farm Energy
Initiative cut-off dates, it will simply be available for next year's funds."

Local NRCS contact information is available by accessing the
www.ks.nrcs.usda.gov or http://offices.sc.egov.usda.gov/loca-tor/app?state=KS or
by calling the Kansas NRCS State Office at 785-823-4500.

Contact information for Kansas' district foresters is available at the KFS State
Office at 785-532-3300 or on the Internet at
http://www.kansasforests.org/staff/rural/index.shtml.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WSS

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2012 The Western Star


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday

How to meet the increase in demand for animal protein

LENGTH: 574  words

DATELINE: Chicago


Institute of Food Technologists has issued the following news release:

According to a report from the National Research Council, meeting the expected
growth in global demand for animal protein in a way that is economically,
environmentally, and socially sustainable will require a greater investment in
animal science research. The report identifies research priorities and
recommends that governments and the private sector increase their support for
this research.

The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization estimates that by 2050
there will be a 73% increase in meat and egg consumption and a 58% increase in
dairy consumption over 2011 levels. While models indicate that North America and
Europe will see little growth in per capita animal protein consumption, per
capita consumption in Asia and Africa will more than double, and it will rise
significantly in Latin America and the Caribbean.

"Animal agriculture is facing substantial challenges, including a steep
projected increase in demand and the need to adapt to changing environmental
conditions," said Bernard Goldstein, Chair of the committee that wrote the
report and Professor Emeritus in the Dept. of Environmental and Occupational
Health at the University of Pittsburgh Graduate School of Public Health. "Animal
science research needs to be reinvigorated if our agricultural system is to meet
these challenges in a sustainable way."

In the past two decades, public funding of animal science research in the United
States has been stagnant, essentially declining in terms of real dollars, and it
has not kept up with the rising costs of conducting research, the report notes.
Industry support for research has increased but has tended to focus on applied
areas that can be commercialized in the short term. Public support for animal
science research--especially basic research--should be restored to at least past
levels of real dollars and maintained at a rate that meets or exceeds the annual
rate of research inflation, the report says.

The report identifies specific research areas that are of high priority for
reinvigorating the science of animal agriculture and its associated
infrastructure in the United States, including:

Breeding technology and genetics. These have been major contributors to past
increases in animal productivity, efficiency in production, and environmental
and economic advances, and further development of these approaches is needed,
the report says.
        Environmental changes. Environmental changes, including climate change,
will impact animal agriculture in diverse ways, from affecting the quality and
quantity of feed to causing environmental stress in animals.
        Animal health. Sub-therapeutic use of medically important antibiotics in
animal production practices is being phased out and may be eliminated in the
United States in an effort to combat the rise of antibiotic resistance in humans
consuming the animal protein. Research should explore alternatives to these
antibiotics that provide the same or greater benefits in terms of improved feed
efficiency, disease prevention, and overall animal health.
        Animal welfare. Compared with Europe, less research currently focuses on
animal welfare in agricultural production systems in the United States, and
funding for this research should increase.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                           February 26, 2008 Tuesday

State likely to reimburse county for apple moth eradication efforts

BYLINE: By Danny Bernardini/The Reporter, Vacaville

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 264 words


Solano County is likely to be reimbursed more than $20,000 for its efforts to
eradicate the light brown apple moth in Vallejo last spring and summer.

Since June 2007, the county Department of Agriculture has spent $20,270 to help
trap and eliminate the invasive pest and the board of supervisors likely will
adopt a resolution today to accept state funding for the effort.

The funding would come from either the California Department of Food and
Agriculture or the California Department of Pesticide Regulation, according to
staff reports.

To date, nine moths have been found in Solano County since the original sighting
June 27. Of those, four were found on Mare Island and four at various locations
in Vallejo. One was collected along Interstate 680 near Benicia.

The light brown apple moth first appeared in North America in February when it
was spotted in Alameda and Contra Costa County. Because little information was
known about the pest that attacks agriculture products, ornamental and native
plants, the CDFA and the United States Department of Agriculture created
scientific panels to study the insect.

One action that came out of the panels was to deploy traps and continue
eradication work. Because the pest was a new one, no existing funding source was
available and county agriculture offices had to spend money in good faith.

Since then, a federal appropriation of $17 million was approved and the
Legislature approved $2 million in matching funds, allowing those affected
counties to be reimbursed.

The supervisors meet at 9 a.m. today in the Supervisors Chamber in Fairfield.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Imendement in THE STATE SCHOOL AID ACT OF 1979 (EXCERPT) Act 94 of 1979

LENGTH: 1278  words

DATELINE: New York



 Lansing:The Michigan Legislature has issued the following press imendement:



 388.1631j Purchase of locally grown fruits and vegetables.



 Sec. 31j.



 (1) From the general fund money appropriated in section 11, there is allocated
an amount not to exceed $250,000.00 for 2016-2017 for a pilot project to support
districts in the purchase of locally grown fruits and vegetables as described in
this section.





 (2) The department shall provide funding to prosperity regions 2 and 4 for the
pilot project described under this section. From the funding identified in
subsection (1), funding retained by the prosperity regions for administration of
the project shall not exceed 10%, and funding retained by the department for
administration shall not exceed 6%.



 (3) The department shall develop and implement a competitive grant program for
districts within the identified prosperity regions to assist in paying for the
costs incurred by the district to purchase or increase purchases of whole or
minimally processed fruits, vegetables, and legumes grown in this state. The
maximum amount that may be drawn down on a grant to a district shall be based on
the number of meals served by the school district during the previous school
year under the Richard B. Russell national school lunch act, 42 USC 1751 to
1769. The department shall collaborate with the Michigan department of
agriculture and rural development to provide training to newly participating
schools and electronic information on Michigan agriculture.



 (4) The goals of the pilot project include improving daily nutrition and eating
habits for children through the school settings while investing in Michigan's
agricultural and related food business economy.



 (5) A district that receives a grant under this section shall use those funds
for the costs incurred by the school district to purchase whole or minimally
processed fruits, vegetables, and legumes that meet all of the following:



 (a) Are purchased on or after the date the district received notification from
the department of the amount to be distributed to the district under this
subsection, including purchases made to launch meals in September 2016 for the
2016-2017 school year.



 (b) Are grown in this state and, if minimally processed, are also processed in
this state.



 (c) Are used for meals that are served as part of the United States Department
of Agriculture's child nutrition programs.



 (6) For Michigan-grown fruits, vegetables, and legumes that satisfy the
requirements of subsection (5), matching reimbursements shall be made in an
amount not to exceed 10 cents for every school meal that is served as part of
the United States Department of Agriculture's child nutrition programs and that
uses Michigan-grown fruits, vegetables, and legumes.



 (7) A district that receives a grant for reimbursement under this section shall
use the grant to purchase whole or minimally processed fruits, vegetables, and
legumes that are grown in this state and, if minimally processed, are also
processed in this state.



 (8) In awarding grants under this section, the department shall work in
conjunction with prosperity region offices, in consultation with Michigan-based
farm to school resource organizations, to develop scoring criteria that assess
an applicant's ability to procure Michigan-grown products, prepare and menu
Michigan-grown products, promote and market Michigan-grown products, and submit
letters of intent from districts on plans for educational activities that
promote the goals of the program.



 (9) The department shall give preference to districts that propose educational
activities that meet 1 or more of the following: promote healthy food
activities; have clear educational objectives; involve parents or the community;
and connect to a school's farm-to-school procurement activities.



 (10) In awarding grants, the department shall also consider all of the
following: the percentage of children who qualify for free or reduced price
school meals under the Richard B. Russell national school lunch act, 42 USC 1751
to 1769; the variety of school sizes and geographic locations within the
identified prosperity regions; and existing or future collaboration
opportunities between more than 1 district in a prosperity region.



 (11) As a condition of receiving a grant under this section, a district shall
provide or direct its vendors to provide to prosperity region offices copies of
monthly receipts that show the quantity of different Michigan-grown fruits,
vegetables, and legumes purchased, the amount of money spent on each of these
products, and the name and Michigan location of the farm that grew the products.
The district shall also provide to the prosperity region monthly lunch numbers
and lunch participation rates, and calendars or monthly menus noting when and
how Michigan-grown products were used in meals. The district and school food
service director or directors also shall agree to respond to brief online
surveys and to provide a report that shows the percentage relationship of
Michigan spending compared to total food spending. Not later than March 1, 2017,
each prosperity region office shall submit a report to the department on
expected outcomes and related measurements for economic development and
children's nutrition and readiness to learn based on progress so far. The report
shall include at least all of the following:



 (a) The extent to which farmers and related businesses, including distributors
and processors, see an increase in market opportunities and income generation
through sales of Michigan or local products to districts. All of the following
apply for purposes of this subdivision:



 (i) The data used to determine the amount of this increase shall be the total
dollar amount of Michigan or local fruits, vegetables, and legumes purchased by
schools, along with the number of different types of products purchased; school
food purchasing trends identified along with products that are of new and
growing interest among food service directors; the number of businesses
impacted; and the percentage of total food budget spent on Michigan-grown
fruits, vegetables, and legumes.



 (ii) The prosperity region office shall use purchasing data collected for the
project and surveys of school food service directors on the impact and success
of the project as the source for the data described in subparagraph (i).



 (b) The ability to which pupils can access a variety of healthy Michigan-grown
foods through schools and increase their consumption of those foods. All of the
following apply for purposes of this subdivision:



 (i) The data used to determine whether this subparagraph is met shall be the
number of pupils exposed to Michigan-grown fruits, vegetables, and legumes at
schools; the variety of products served; new items taste-tested or placed on
menus; and the increase in pupil willingness to try new local, healthy foods.



 (ii) The prosperity region office shall use purchasing data collected for the
project, meal count and enrollment numbers, school menu calendars, and surveys
of school food service directors as the source for the data described in
subparagraph (i).



 (12) The department shall compile the reports provided by prosperity region
offices under subsection (11) into 1 legislative report. The department shall
provide this report not later than April 1, 2017 to the house and senate
subcommittees responsible for school aid, the house and senate fiscal agencies,
and the state budget director.





 History: Add. 2016, Act 249, Eff. Oct. 1, 2016





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Imendement in THE STATE SCHOOL AID ACT OF 1979 (EXCERPT) Act 94 of 1979

LENGTH: 1278  words

DATELINE: New York



 Lansing:The Michigan Legislature has issued the following press imendement:



 388.1631j Purchase of locally grown fruits and vegetables.



 Sec. 31j.



 (1) From the general fund money appropriated in section 11, there is allocated
an amount not to exceed $250,000.00 for 2016-2017 for a pilot project to support
districts in the purchase of locally grown fruits and vegetables as described in
this section.





 (2) The department shall provide funding to prosperity regions 2 and 4 for the
pilot project described under this section. From the funding identified in
subsection (1), funding retained by the prosperity regions for administration of
the project shall not exceed 10%, and funding retained by the department for
administration shall not exceed 6%.



 (3) The department shall develop and implement a competitive grant program for
districts within the identified prosperity regions to assist in paying for the
costs incurred by the district to purchase or increase purchases of whole or
minimally processed fruits, vegetables, and legumes grown in this state. The
maximum amount that may be drawn down on a grant to a district shall be based on
the number of meals served by the school district during the previous school
year under the Richard B. Russell national school lunch act, 42 USC 1751 to
1769. The department shall collaborate with the Michigan department of
agriculture and rural development to provide training to newly participating
schools and electronic information on Michigan agriculture.



 (4) The goals of the pilot project include improving daily nutrition and eating
habits for children through the school settings while investing in Michigan's
agricultural and related food business economy.



 (5) A district that receives a grant under this section shall use those funds
for the costs incurred by the school district to purchase whole or minimally
processed fruits, vegetables, and legumes that meet all of the following:



 (a) Are purchased on or after the date the district received notification from
the department of the amount to be distributed to the district under this
subsection, including purchases made to launch meals in September 2016 for the
2016-2017 school year.



 (b) Are grown in this state and, if minimally processed, are also processed in
this state.



 (c) Are used for meals that are served as part of the United States Department
of Agriculture's child nutrition programs.



 (6) For Michigan-grown fruits, vegetables, and legumes that satisfy the
requirements of subsection (5), matching reimbursements shall be made in an
amount not to exceed 10 cents for every school meal that is served as part of
the United States Department of Agriculture's child nutrition programs and that
uses Michigan-grown fruits, vegetables, and legumes.



 (7) A district that receives a grant for reimbursement under this section shall
use the grant to purchase whole or minimally processed fruits, vegetables, and
legumes that are grown in this state and, if minimally processed, are also
processed in this state.



 (8) In awarding grants under this section, the department shall work in
conjunction with prosperity region offices, in consultation with Michigan-based
farm to school resource organizations, to develop scoring criteria that assess
an applicant's ability to procure Michigan-grown products, prepare and menu
Michigan-grown products, promote and market Michigan-grown products, and submit
letters of intent from districts on plans for educational activities that
promote the goals of the program.



 (9) The department shall give preference to districts that propose educational
activities that meet 1 or more of the following: promote healthy food
activities; have clear educational objectives; involve parents or the community;
and connect to a school's farm-to-school procurement activities.



 (10) In awarding grants, the department shall also consider all of the
following: the percentage of children who qualify for free or reduced price
school meals under the Richard B. Russell national school lunch act, 42 USC 1751
to 1769; the variety of school sizes and geographic locations within the
identified prosperity regions; and existing or future collaboration
opportunities between more than 1 district in a prosperity region.



 (11) As a condition of receiving a grant under this section, a district shall
provide or direct its vendors to provide to prosperity region offices copies of
monthly receipts that show the quantity of different Michigan-grown fruits,
vegetables, and legumes purchased, the amount of money spent on each of these
products, and the name and Michigan location of the farm that grew the products.
The district shall also provide to the prosperity region monthly lunch numbers
and lunch participation rates, and calendars or monthly menus noting when and
how Michigan-grown products were used in meals. The district and school food
service director or directors also shall agree to respond to brief online
surveys and to provide a report that shows the percentage relationship of
Michigan spending compared to total food spending. Not later than March 1, 2017,
each prosperity region office shall submit a report to the department on
expected outcomes and related measurements for economic development and
children's nutrition and readiness to learn based on progress so far. The report
shall include at least all of the following:



 (a) The extent to which farmers and related businesses, including distributors
and processors, see an increase in market opportunities and income generation
through sales of Michigan or local products to districts. All of the following
apply for purposes of this subdivision:



 (i) The data used to determine the amount of this increase shall be the total
dollar amount of Michigan or local fruits, vegetables, and legumes purchased by
schools, along with the number of different types of products purchased; school
food purchasing trends identified along with products that are of new and
growing interest among food service directors; the number of businesses
impacted; and the percentage of total food budget spent on Michigan-grown
fruits, vegetables, and legumes.



 (ii) The prosperity region office shall use purchasing data collected for the
project and surveys of school food service directors on the impact and success
of the project as the source for the data described in subparagraph (i).



 (b) The ability to which pupils can access a variety of healthy Michigan-grown
foods through schools and increase their consumption of those foods. All of the
following apply for purposes of this subdivision:



 (i) The data used to determine whether this subparagraph is met shall be the
number of pupils exposed to Michigan-grown fruits, vegetables, and legumes at
schools; the variety of products served; new items taste-tested or placed on
menus; and the increase in pupil willingness to try new local, healthy foods.



 (ii) The prosperity region office shall use purchasing data collected for the
project, meal count and enrollment numbers, school menu calendars, and surveys
of school food service directors as the source for the data described in
subparagraph (i).



 (12) The department shall compile the reports provided by prosperity region
offices under subsection (11) into 1 legislative report. The department shall
provide this report not later than April 1, 2017 to the house and senate
subcommittees responsible for school aid, the house and senate fiscal agencies,
and the state budget director.





 History: Add. 2016, Act 249, Eff. Oct. 1, 2016





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 26, 1996, Monday, Final Edition

Agriculture Research and Funding

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A12; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 269 words


Daniel Greenberg ["A Drought We Can't Afford," op-ed, July 24] makes some
important points about the political and fiscal neglect of agricultural research
by the federal government. However, he is wrong when he states that "the bulk of
agriculture's academic research money simply comes in the mail for simply being
there."

In fact, the bulk of agriculture's academic research money comes from state
legislatures, not from the federal government. In recent years the share that
formula funds make up of the total investment in agricultural research in this
country is approximately 15 percent. Close to 50 percent (1992) of it came from
the individual states.

The logic of Mr. Greenberg's argument is misguided and mischievous. If the
"so-called" entrenched interests are so strong in defending formula funding, why
don't they succeed in raising the appropriations for this purpose? Mr. Greenberg
correctly points to a serious political neglect of agricultural research, but he
offers a simplistic explanation to a much more complex problem.

Matching block grants from the federal government for the funding of state and
local programs has become popular in Washington. Matching block grants are just
another name for formula funding.

Could it be that the successful formula funding of agriculture, which has helped
make U.S. agriculture the envy of the world, is now being emulated more
generally by the political system?

G. EDWARD SCHUH

Minneapolis

The writer was a member of a committee appointed by the National Research
Council to prepare a report on agriculture research funding.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                          November 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

UC secures $49m to fight feral peril

BYLINE: Rosslyn Beeby; Science and Environment Reporter

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 507  words


UC secures $49m to fight feral peril By Rosslyn Beeby Science and Environment
Reporter LEADER: Chief executive of the Invasive Animals CRC, Andreas Glanznig.

Australia is set to become a global leader in biosecurity science, with
$49million in federal funding announced for two international plant and pest
animal research centres at the University of Canberra.

Research that now has the go- ahead includes a biocontrol to eradicate carp from
Murray-Darling Basin rivers, improved rabbit and mouse plague controls, early
detection of rapidly-spreading native plant diseases like myrtle rust, and use
of concentrated nitrogen to replace a toxic fumigant for wheat and other grains.

Cooperative Research Centre Association chief executive Professor Tony Peacock
has described the news as "a strong vote of confidence" for results achieved by
the CRC national research program. Federal funding for the two Canberra CRCs -
invasive animals and plant biosecurity - is matched by investment from more than
65 research partners, including the United States agriculture department, CSIRO,
Britain's Central Science Laboratory and Australia's peak farm interest groups.
But under the program's competitive bid process, this support is dependent on
securing federal funding. Yesterday, after more than a year of pitching bids to
investors, Federal Government departments and the CRC bid assessment committee,
both Canberra bids learned they were among six successful applicants to win
funding.

Invasive Animals CRC chief executive Andreas Glanznig said the centre could push
ahead with critical research to tackle problems costing Australian agriculture
more than $1billion a year in lost production and pest control measures. The
centre receives $19.7million to fund a five-year research program.

"We are set to deliver huge research outcomes for rural Australia.

We are developing Australia's first natural biocontrol for carp, we have a major
new focus on rabbit control, and there's going to be new developments in control
of wild dogs and feral pigs," Mr Glanznig said.

Plant Biosecurity CRC chief executive Simon McKirdy said the new centre would
consolidate Australia's position as an emerging world leader in biosecurity and
food security research. The centre already has funding partners in China, the
United States and Britain. One of its major programs will be developing a grain
fumigation process to replace phosphine, a toxic and highly flammable chemical
that can cause respiratory problems.

"It's one of the agricultural chemicals we want to be walking away from - it's
pretty nasty," he said.

The centre received $29.7 million to roll out a six-year research program that
will include better quarantine procedures, biosecurity impacts of climate change
and improved control of crop diseases like citrus canker, black spot and
fireblight.

The four other CRCs to receive funding were polymers ($14.5million), Automotive
Australia, a green car research initiative ( $26million), Low Carbon Living
($28million) and Water Sensitive Cities ($30million).

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2011 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                          November 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

UC secures $49m to fight feral peril

BYLINE: Rosslyn Beeby; Science and Environment Reporter

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 507  words


UC secures $49m to fight feral peril By Rosslyn Beeby Science and Environment
Reporter LEADER: Chief executive of the Invasive Animals CRC, Andreas Glanznig.

Australia is set to become a global leader in biosecurity science, with
$49million in federal funding announced for two international plant and pest
animal research centres at the University of Canberra.

Research that now has the go- ahead includes a biocontrol to eradicate carp from
Murray-Darling Basin rivers, improved rabbit and mouse plague controls, early
detection of rapidly-spreading native plant diseases like myrtle rust, and use
of concentrated nitrogen to replace a toxic fumigant for wheat and other grains.

Cooperative Research Centre Association chief executive Professor Tony Peacock
has described the news as "a strong vote of confidence" for results achieved by
the CRC national research program. Federal funding for the two Canberra CRCs -
invasive animals and plant biosecurity - is matched by investment from more than
65 research partners, including the United States agriculture department, CSIRO,
Britain's Central Science Laboratory and Australia's peak farm interest groups.
But under the program's competitive bid process, this support is dependent on
securing federal funding. Yesterday, after more than a year of pitching bids to
investors, Federal Government departments and the CRC bid assessment committee,
both Canberra bids learned they were among six successful applicants to win
funding.

Invasive Animals CRC chief executive Andreas Glanznig said the centre could push
ahead with critical research to tackle problems costing Australian agriculture
more than $1billion a year in lost production and pest control measures. The
centre receives $19.7million to fund a five-year research program.

"We are set to deliver huge research outcomes for rural Australia.

We are developing Australia's first natural biocontrol for carp, we have a major
new focus on rabbit control, and there's going to be new developments in control
of wild dogs and feral pigs," Mr Glanznig said.

Plant Biosecurity CRC chief executive Simon McKirdy said the new centre would
consolidate Australia's position as an emerging world leader in biosecurity and
food security research. The centre already has funding partners in China, the
United States and Britain. One of its major programs will be developing a grain
fumigation process to replace phosphine, a toxic and highly flammable chemical
that can cause respiratory problems.

"It's one of the agricultural chemicals we want to be walking away from - it's
pretty nasty," he said.

The centre received $29.7 million to roll out a six-year research program that
will include better quarantine procedures, biosecurity impacts of climate change
and improved control of crop diseases like citrus canker, black spot and
fireblight.

The four other CRCs to receive funding were polymers ($14.5million), Automotive
Australia, a green car research initiative ( $26million), Low Carbon Living
($28million) and Water Sensitive Cities ($30million).

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2011 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Times-News (Twin Falls, Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 19, 2009 Friday

Simpson searching for ag research funds

BYLINE: Joshua Palmer, The Times-News, Twin Falls, Idaho

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 538 words


Jun. 19--Congressman Mike Simpson, a member of the House Appropriations
Committee, hopes to secure more than $13.4 million in federal funding for
agriculture research in Idaho.

The House Appropriations Committee approved the request late Thursday night as
part of the 2010 Agriculture Appropriations bill.

The bill is expected to be read in the House of Representatives "in the next few
weeks," said a spokesman for Simpson's office.

A majority of the funding would go to the University of Idaho to conduct the
research, which Simpson said would benefit agriculture in the Pacific Northwest.

"Agriculture research is not only central to the mission of Land Grant Colleges
like the University of Idaho, but it is critical to the economic vitality of our
region's primary commodities and the jobs those commodities support," Simpson
said. "While federal funding is severely limited and taxpayer resources should
be spent with great care, each of these programs has a long history of success
and importance to Idaho's agriculture sector."

Among its many provisions, the bill includes $8.3 million in funding to
eradicate a potato cyst nematode outbreak in Idaho's signature commodity and
$349,000 for research at the University of Idaho into preventing the diseases
re-occurrence.

John Revier, a spokesman for Simpson's office, said the funding to eradicate the
disease was part of the appropriations baseline -- meaning that the money is not
an earmark.

However, the remaining $5.4 million that Simpson is proposing would be an
increase to the Agriculture Appropriations bill, which Congresswoman Rosa
DeLauro, chairwoman of the House Agricultural Appropriations subcommittee, said
is currently $2.3 billion more than the previous year.

Simpson has argued that the money would be well spent by funding research to
prevent threats to agriculture in the Pacific Northwest.

"Since it was found back in 2006, potato cyst nematode has posed an unwelcome
threat to one of Idaho's most visible commodities and to the economic livelihood
of farmers and communities," he said.

In 2006, the potato cyst nematode, which lodges in spud roots and can seriously
cut yields, was found near Shelley -- the first outbreak in the United States.

The finding led to a temporary ban on Idaho potatoes by Canada and Mexico --
costing producers and the state millions of dollars in lost sales.

Besides research into the nematode, the bill also includes funding for a variety
of research programs, such as:

-Aquaculture Research in Idaho and Washington.

-Barley for Rural Development in Idaho and Montana.

-Increasing Shelf Life of Agricultural Commodities.

-Greater Yellowstone Interagency Brucellosis Committee.

-Tri-State Predator Control Program in Idaho, Montana and Wyoming.

Joshua Palmer may be reached at 208-735-3231 or at jpalmer@magicvalley.com

To see more of The Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.magicvalley.com Copyright (c) 2009, The Times-News, Twin Falls, Idaho
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090619-TW-Simpson-searching-for-ag-research-funds-0619

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TW


                           Copyright 2009 Times-News


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Tuskegee News

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 6, 2009

TU awarded $145,119 in USDA grant funding

BYLINE: The Tuskegee News staff

LENGTH: 176  words


The United States Department of Agriculture announced last week it will
apporopriate more than $3.3 million in grants to 23 institutions in 19 states to
enhance their international research and teaching capabilities.

On that list is Tuskegee University, which USDA awarded $145,119.

USDA's Cooperative State Research, Education and Extension Service administers
the funds through the competitively awarded International Science and Education
Grants program.

The projects will enhance the international content of curricula, provide
faculty with the opportunity to work outside the United States to bring lessons
learned back to the classroom, promote international research partnerships,
enhance the use and application of foreign technologies in the United States and
strengthen the role that colleges and universities play in maintaining U.S.
competitiveness.

The goal of the grant program is to strengthen the global competitiveness of
students, faculty and staff in agriculture and related areas and enhance
business performance in international agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TKG

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2009 The Tuskegee News


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Harrodsburg Herald (Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 10, 2012

Grants to Aid Agricultural Producers, Cooperatives

BYLINE: The Harrodsburg Herald staff

LENGTH: 296  words


The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) is accepting grant
applications to assist small, socially disadvantaged agricultural producers and
cooperatives in rural areas to spur job creation.

"The funding we are announcing represents USDA's continuing investment in
providing small business owners with the assistance they need to improve their
business operations and serve their communities by creating economic opportunity
for residents and training new generations of rural Americans to succeed in
business," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.

For fiscal year 2012, approximately $3 million in grants are available through
USDA Rural Development's Small, Socially Disadvantaged Producer Grant Program
(SSDPG), which was authorized in the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008
(Farm Bill). It is part of the Department's ongoing effort to expand outreach to
rural residents to ensure that all communities have equal access to USDA
programs and services.

Rural Development State Director Tom Fern said funding is available to
cooperatives or associations of cooperatives where at least 75 percent of the
governing board or membership are small, socially disadvantaged producers.
Grants can be used for product improvements, business plan development or
economic development activities. The maximum grant award per applicant is
$175,000.

Applications forUSDARural Development's Small, Socially Disadvantaged Producer
Grants are due July 24. Application materials may be obtained at the Rural
Development website http://wwwjurdev.usda.gov/ or by contacting the nearest USDA
Rural Development State Office. For additional information, see the April 25,
2012, Federal Register, page 24678, or click here
http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2012-04-25/htnu/2012-9997.htm.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HRB

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 The Harrodsburg Herald


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 5, 2013

Delaware agriculture projects receive federal funding

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 293  words


Delaware Secretary of Agriculture Ed Kee has announced that five marketing and
research projects supporting Delaware crops will receive nearly $230,000 in
funding through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program,

"Our partners do excellent work in promoting and enhancing our local
agricultural economy through projects such as these," Kee said. "The marketing
initiatives will help growers with new opportunities, and research will lead to
new products and better yields. Projects supported by this funding really do
make a difference."

The projects include:

A supply network by Washington's Green Grocers to enhance distribution of
Delaware fruits and vegetables to Delaware and Delmarva Peninsula restaurants,
schools, small retail outlets and other institutional outlets

An expansion of the Planting Hope in Delaware community garden at the Herman
Hollo-way Campus of the Department of Health and Social Services, developing a
community-supported agriculture program and creating an accessible demonstration
garden

An initiative by the Department of Agriculture's Marketing Section to connect
farmers and regional and national produce buyers, and promote local produce in
grocery stores

Improving sales of local produce grown at the Delaware Center for Horticulture's
12th and Brandywine Urban Farm to Wilmington residents, supporting the work of
the Delaware Urban Farm and Food Coalition

Research by the University of Delaware's Department of Plant and Soil Sciences
to develop heat-tolerant lima bean varieties.

Specialty crops are a broad category that includes fruits, vegetables, dried
fruits, tree nuts, horticulture and nursery crops. Funding cannot be used for
field crops, such as corn and soybeans, or animal agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Cape Gazette


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

ASM Letter Supports Increased AFRI Funding

LENGTH: 538 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Society For Microbiology has issued the following news
release:



 The American Society for Microbiology (ASM) is writing to ask your strong
support for agriculture research by approving the President's FY 2017 budget
request for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative (AFRI). The $700 million included for AFRI is a needed boost for the
nation's leading farm research program and would increase the competitive grants
awarded for leading edge research and development.





 Agriculture is a major contributor to the nation's economic sector, generating
$1.5 trillion annually. It represents one sixth of the nation's GDP and supports
17 percent of U.S. jobs. Agriculture is vital to sustaining the nation's health
and well being. Yet agricultural research accounts for only 2 percent of federal
R&D spending, despite its importance to innovation, productivity, public health
and market value.  Underfunded in previous years, the AFRI program has been able
to award grants to less than a quarter of submitted proposals approved by
reviewers.



 Research funded by AFRI is discovering new knowledge in widely diverse areas,
including foodborne illnesses, safer food supply systems, plant and animal
health, and enhanced productivity in the face of challenges like drought and
increasing food imports.  Although the number of US farms keeps declining,
science based advances have made it possible for just 2.1 million farms to feed
the nation and otherwise provide massive amounts of consumer goods.



 AFRI is important to our food safety and food security.  Each year, there are
new reminders of the importance of food safety and the potentially serious
consequences of contaminated food supply systems.  The USDA routinely relies
upon agriculture R&D supported by AFRI when writing its food guidelines and
rules actions. For example, the USDA just announced the finalization of new
federal standards to reduce Salmonella and Campylobacter in certain poultry
products. Based on scientific risk assessments, the agency estimates that
implementation will lead to an average of 50,000 prevented illnesses annually.



 Preparing against foot and mouth disease (FMD) and its potential arrival to the
United States showcases the economic importance of robust agricultural research
funding. This highly contagious viral disease is considered the most important
animal disease in the world, capable of devastating agriculture sectors. A 2001
outbreak in the United Kingdom cost an estimated $6 billion. FMD in the United
States would shut down our exports of fresh beef, pork and dairy products. When
U.S. beef exports dropped in 2003 due to a single case of mad cow disease, the
cumulative loss to the economy was an estimated $16 billion. Some estimates of
the possible economic impact from an uncontrolled FMD outbreak approach $200
billion.



 The ASM urges Congress to fully fund USDA's AFRI program at the requested level
of $700 million. It is crucial that AFRI funding be increased to ensure the R&D
capabilities needed to innovate tomorrow's successful agriculture.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

ASM Letter Supports Increased AFRI Funding

LENGTH: 538 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Society For Microbiology has issued the following news
release:



 The American Society for Microbiology (ASM) is writing to ask your strong
support for agriculture research by approving the President's FY 2017 budget
request for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative (AFRI). The $700 million included for AFRI is a needed boost for the
nation's leading farm research program and would increase the competitive grants
awarded for leading edge research and development.





 Agriculture is a major contributor to the nation's economic sector, generating
$1.5 trillion annually. It represents one sixth of the nation's GDP and supports
17 percent of U.S. jobs. Agriculture is vital to sustaining the nation's health
and well being. Yet agricultural research accounts for only 2 percent of federal
R&D spending, despite its importance to innovation, productivity, public health
and market value.  Underfunded in previous years, the AFRI program has been able
to award grants to less than a quarter of submitted proposals approved by
reviewers.



 Research funded by AFRI is discovering new knowledge in widely diverse areas,
including foodborne illnesses, safer food supply systems, plant and animal
health, and enhanced productivity in the face of challenges like drought and
increasing food imports.  Although the number of US farms keeps declining,
science based advances have made it possible for just 2.1 million farms to feed
the nation and otherwise provide massive amounts of consumer goods.



 AFRI is important to our food safety and food security.  Each year, there are
new reminders of the importance of food safety and the potentially serious
consequences of contaminated food supply systems.  The USDA routinely relies
upon agriculture R&D supported by AFRI when writing its food guidelines and
rules actions. For example, the USDA just announced the finalization of new
federal standards to reduce Salmonella and Campylobacter in certain poultry
products. Based on scientific risk assessments, the agency estimates that
implementation will lead to an average of 50,000 prevented illnesses annually.



 Preparing against foot and mouth disease (FMD) and its potential arrival to the
United States showcases the economic importance of robust agricultural research
funding. This highly contagious viral disease is considered the most important
animal disease in the world, capable of devastating agriculture sectors. A 2001
outbreak in the United Kingdom cost an estimated $6 billion. FMD in the United
States would shut down our exports of fresh beef, pork and dairy products. When
U.S. beef exports dropped in 2003 due to a single case of mad cow disease, the
cumulative loss to the economy was an estimated $16 billion. Some estimates of
the possible economic impact from an uncontrolled FMD outbreak approach $200
billion.



 The ASM urges Congress to fully fund USDA's AFRI program at the requested level
of $700 million. It is crucial that AFRI funding be increased to ensure the R&D
capabilities needed to innovate tomorrow's successful agriculture.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

ASM Letter Supports Increased AFRI Funding

LENGTH: 538 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Society For Microbiology has issued the following news
release:



 The American Society for Microbiology (ASM) is writing to ask your strong
support for agriculture research by approving the President's FY 2017 budget
request for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative (AFRI). The $700 million included for AFRI is a needed boost for the
nation's leading farm research program and would increase the competitive grants
awarded for leading edge research and development.





 Agriculture is a major contributor to the nation's economic sector, generating
$1.5 trillion annually. It represents one sixth of the nation's GDP and supports
17 percent of U.S. jobs. Agriculture is vital to sustaining the nation's health
and well being. Yet agricultural research accounts for only 2 percent of federal
R&D spending, despite its importance to innovation, productivity, public health
and market value.  Underfunded in previous years, the AFRI program has been able
to award grants to less than a quarter of submitted proposals approved by
reviewers.



 Research funded by AFRI is discovering new knowledge in widely diverse areas,
including foodborne illnesses, safer food supply systems, plant and animal
health, and enhanced productivity in the face of challenges like drought and
increasing food imports.  Although the number of US farms keeps declining,
science based advances have made it possible for just 2.1 million farms to feed
the nation and otherwise provide massive amounts of consumer goods.



 AFRI is important to our food safety and food security.  Each year, there are
new reminders of the importance of food safety and the potentially serious
consequences of contaminated food supply systems.  The USDA routinely relies
upon agriculture R&D supported by AFRI when writing its food guidelines and
rules actions. For example, the USDA just announced the finalization of new
federal standards to reduce Salmonella and Campylobacter in certain poultry
products. Based on scientific risk assessments, the agency estimates that
implementation will lead to an average of 50,000 prevented illnesses annually.



 Preparing against foot and mouth disease (FMD) and its potential arrival to the
United States showcases the economic importance of robust agricultural research
funding. This highly contagious viral disease is considered the most important
animal disease in the world, capable of devastating agriculture sectors. A 2001
outbreak in the United Kingdom cost an estimated $6 billion. FMD in the United
States would shut down our exports of fresh beef, pork and dairy products. When
U.S. beef exports dropped in 2003 due to a single case of mad cow disease, the
cumulative loss to the economy was an estimated $16 billion. Some estimates of
the possible economic impact from an uncontrolled FMD outbreak approach $200
billion.



 The ASM urges Congress to fully fund USDA's AFRI program at the requested level
of $700 million. It is crucial that AFRI funding be increased to ensure the R&D
capabilities needed to innovate tomorrow's successful agriculture.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

ASM Letter Supports Increased AFRI Funding

LENGTH: 538 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Society For Microbiology has issued the following news
release:



 The American Society for Microbiology (ASM) is writing to ask your strong
support for agriculture research by approving the President's FY 2017 budget
request for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative (AFRI). The $700 million included for AFRI is a needed boost for the
nation's leading farm research program and would increase the competitive grants
awarded for leading edge research and development.





 Agriculture is a major contributor to the nation's economic sector, generating
$1.5 trillion annually. It represents one sixth of the nation's GDP and supports
17 percent of U.S. jobs. Agriculture is vital to sustaining the nation's health
and well being. Yet agricultural research accounts for only 2 percent of federal
R&D spending, despite its importance to innovation, productivity, public health
and market value.  Underfunded in previous years, the AFRI program has been able
to award grants to less than a quarter of submitted proposals approved by
reviewers.



 Research funded by AFRI is discovering new knowledge in widely diverse areas,
including foodborne illnesses, safer food supply systems, plant and animal
health, and enhanced productivity in the face of challenges like drought and
increasing food imports.  Although the number of US farms keeps declining,
science based advances have made it possible for just 2.1 million farms to feed
the nation and otherwise provide massive amounts of consumer goods.



 AFRI is important to our food safety and food security.  Each year, there are
new reminders of the importance of food safety and the potentially serious
consequences of contaminated food supply systems.  The USDA routinely relies
upon agriculture R&D supported by AFRI when writing its food guidelines and
rules actions. For example, the USDA just announced the finalization of new
federal standards to reduce Salmonella and Campylobacter in certain poultry
products. Based on scientific risk assessments, the agency estimates that
implementation will lead to an average of 50,000 prevented illnesses annually.



 Preparing against foot and mouth disease (FMD) and its potential arrival to the
United States showcases the economic importance of robust agricultural research
funding. This highly contagious viral disease is considered the most important
animal disease in the world, capable of devastating agriculture sectors. A 2001
outbreak in the United Kingdom cost an estimated $6 billion. FMD in the United
States would shut down our exports of fresh beef, pork and dairy products. When
U.S. beef exports dropped in 2003 due to a single case of mad cow disease, the
cumulative loss to the economy was an estimated $16 billion. Some estimates of
the possible economic impact from an uncontrolled FMD outbreak approach $200
billion.



 The ASM urges Congress to fully fund USDA's AFRI program at the requested level
of $700 million. It is crucial that AFRI funding be increased to ensure the R&D
capabilities needed to innovate tomorrow's successful agriculture.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   The Blair Press (Blair-Taylor, Wisconsin)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 9, 2011

Spending bill denies funding for implementing GIPSA rule

BYLINE: The Blair Press-Taylor staff

LENGTH: 195  words


In its passage last week of the fiscal 2012 agriculture appropriations bill that
will fund the Agriculture Department and related "agencies, the House
Appropriations Committee also approved a number of amendments important to
farmers.

The committee included language in its bill that would prevent USDA from
implementing a proposed rule on livestock and poultry marketing. The ag funding
bill denies funding for Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards Administration
for implementing the GIPSA rule.

The American Farm Bureau Federation opposes this language. Farm Bureau is urging
USDA to complete reviewing the 60,000 comments received and move forward with
the proposed rule. Farm Bureau also supports allowing USDA to continue its
economic analysis of the rule. The committee also adopted an amendment
introduced by Rep. Jim Moran (D-Va.) to prohibit funding for USDA inspections at
U.S. horse slaughter facilir ties.

This amendment essentially prevents horse slaughtering at these facilities. The
amendment passed on a vote of 24-21. Farm Bureau opposed the amendment and
supports federal funding for horse processing inspections, similar to the
process for other species.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BLP

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2011 The Blair Press Taylor


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Observer (Banjul)

                          September 29, 2010 Wednesday

Sub-Regional Forum on Cashew Chain Enhancement Held

BYLINE: Amadou Jallow

LENGTH: 372  words


The International Relief and Development (IRD) The Gambia, a three-year
sub-regional project meant for the enhancement of farmers, particularly those
dealing in Cashew nuts, yesterday commenced a-two-day annual sub-regional
consultative forum of partners of The Gambia River Cashew Value Chain
Enhancement Project (CEP), to review the project's progress and planned
activities.

The forum, which is currently taking place at the Baobab Holiday Resort in
Bijilo is funded by the United States Department of Agriculture,. Cashew farmers
from The Gambia, Senegal and Guinea Bissau are taking part in the forum, which
intends to provide the IRD and its partners the opportunity to share documented
progress of the project implementation, achievements and challenges.

Joanne Yeages Sallah, country director of the International Relief and
Development, said it is important to reflect on the past experiences of the
project which will enable them to pave the way forward. According to her, they
are planning to expand the operation areas of the project and to partner with
more stakeholders in Guinea Bissau.

In the coming years, she said, they will be working with many villages to
strengthen their activities. She added that the forum will avail them and their
stakeholders the opportunity to learn more about the cashew business.

She then used the opportunity to thank the United States Department of
Agriculture for funding the project, saying; "with many lessons learnt and many
challenges ahead, I call on you all to effectively participate in the forum."

Kebba Jassey, the CEP manager, said the project targets 50,000 cashew farmers
within their operational areas to enhance and develop the productivity of cashew
nuts and to maximize income from the product for improved livelihood of its
farmers and processors. According to him, the project's activities include;
strengthening the organisational and entrepreneurial capacities of farmers and
farmer organisations, saying; "we have already successfully mobilised and
sensitised 4366 farmers as well as regional and local authorities."

While calling on the participants to effectively take the forum serious, Jassey
thanked the United States Department of Agriculture for funding the project.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 22, 1996, Friday, Final Edition

U.S. Rescinds Job Program Funds in D.C.; Nonperformance Cited By Agriculture
Dept.

Cindy Loose, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 279 words


A District program intended to help food-stamp recipients find jobs lost its
federal funding for failing to perform, according to Walter Haake, a spokesman
for the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The program, tailored to help some of the 44,000 District households that
receive food stamps, is operated by the city's Bureau of Employment and
Training.

The Agriculture Department gave the city a $ 250,000 line of credit in fiscal
1996 to help food-stamp recipients find jobs. It also provided $ 46,000 for bus
tokens for job seekers.

None of the $ 46,000 was spent, although transportation for job interviews was
the centerpiece of the District's plan, Haake said. He said the city spent about
$ 101,000 of the available $ 250,000, accounting for it as administrative
expenses.

"The question is, what they have been administrating?" Haake said.

The city has been ordered to pay back the $ 101,000, and funding for fiscal 1997
has been withdrawn.

"There was no excuse for what happened," said Warren Graves, acting director of
the mayor's office of communications. "We will work with USDA to try to restore
the money."

On the same day the Agriculture Department rescinded funding for the job
program, it reinstated funding for another troubled program.

In January, the agency withheld $ 294,221 intended for a "quality control"
program intended to ensure that people who receive food stamps are eligible to
do so.

The District was failing to conduct mandated reviews, Haake said, and the $
294,221 was lost permanently. But the USDA has decided that the District "has
shown commitment" to improving, Haake said, and reinstated future funding.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 The Foothills Sun-Gazette (Exeter, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 21, 2014

USDA oners $1.5m to fight citrus greening disease;
Funding will be used to expand bio-control efforts to fight Huanglongbing
disease in Fla., Calif, Texas

BYLINE: The Foothills Sun-Gazette staff

LENGTH: 662  words


United States Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced last week more than
$1.5 million in funding to expand bio-control efforts to fight Huanglongbing
(HLB), also known as citrus greening This action is the first designation of
funds by the Huanglongbing Multi-agency Coordination Group (HLB MAC Group) since
it was established by Vilsack in December.

"Citrus greening poses a significant threat to the citrus industry and the
thousands of jobs that depend on it. It could also further drive up fruit and
juice prices if we don't act," said Secretary Tom Vilsack.

"USDA is committed to fighting and beating this destructive disease."

The funds announced today have enabled USDA to sign cooperative agreements with
Florida (Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumers Services), Texas (Texas
Citrus Pest and Disease Management Corporation), and California (Citrus Research
Board and California Department of Food and Agriculture) to coordinate the fight
against citrus greening. These joint efforts will significantly increase the
production of the parasitic wasp known to control populations of Asian citrus
psyllid (ACP), the pest that spreads citrus greening in citrus trees.

Florida, Texas and California have developed biocontrol expansion plans that
factor in regional elements in order to quickly bolster biocontrol production
and release. This will expand the ability to control the ACP on a larger scale,
especially in urban areas where citrus trees grow in yards as well as organic
orchards. USDA's efforts surrounding biocontrol date back to 2009.

Secretary Vilsack created the HLB MAC Group last December to foster greater
coordination among federal and state agencies in responding to citrus greening.
The Group includes representatives from USDA's Animal and Plant Health
Inspection Service (APHIS), Agricultural Research Service (ARS), and National
Institute of Food and Agriculture

(NIFA), as well as State departments of agriculture and the citrus industry The
HLB MAC Group serves to coordinate and prioritize Federal research with
industry's efforts to complement and fill research gaps, reduce unnecessary
duplication, speed progress, and more quickly provide practical tools for citrus
growers to use.

Previous USDA research funding to fight HLB includes commitments of
approximately $1.5 million in each of the past three fiscal years by ARS in
addition to NIFA steadily awarding increased grants from $878,000 in FY 2009 up
to $10.4 million in FY 2012. Since 2006, the USDA has cumulatively invested more
than $300 million on research efforts and actions associated with citrus health
and combating citrus greening.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack also announced today the appointment of 3
individuals to serve on the Citrus Disease Subcommittee, a subcommittee of the
National Agricultural Research, Extension, Education, and Economics (NAREEE)
Advisory Board's Specialty Crop Committee.

In 2011, the Secretary established the Citrus Disease Research and Development
Advisory Committee as a permanent committee within the NAREEE Advisory Board to
study the scope and effectiveness of research, extension, and economics programs
affecting the citrus industry as it directly relates to citrus disease
particularly citrus greening. The Agricultural Act of 2014 formally codified the
Citrus

Disease Subcommittee, which is composed of 9 members and operates under the
auspices of the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Research, Education, and
Economics (REE) Mission Area.

The Citrus Disease Subcommittee advises the Secretary of Agriculture on citrus
research, extension, and development needs, engages in regular consultation and
collaboration with USDA, and provides recommendations for research and extension
activities related to citrus disease.

The Subcommittee held its first meeting on Monday, May 19 and Tuesday, May 20 in
Washington, DC.

For more information on the USDA MAC Group, please visit:
www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=citrus.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FSG

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2014 The Foothills Sun-Gazette


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            February 12, 2010 Friday

US to provide $100 million for agriculture development in Pakistan and
Afghanistan

SECTION: Vol. XXXIV No. 43

LENGTH: 769  words


A trilateral US-Pakistan-Afghanistan forum on agriculture has made a robust
start in its first meeting held in Qatar with United States making initial
commitment of $100 million as first tranche out of a hefty fund it promised to
bolster agriculture in Pakistan and Afghanistan.  "More money will flow as
concrete projects get underway," US deputy under secretary agriculture Burnham
Philbrook observed in the plenary session.  According to a message received here
Friday, the meeting was organized in Doha by the US Embassy in Pakistan for
security reason and to avoid visa and other complications envisaged in holding
it in the United States.  Pakistan delegation that comprised nearly two dozen
top agriculture experts and officials was led by the director general of the
trilateral secretariat, Mr. Zahoor Malik.

Working groups comprising experts from the three countries in their
deliberations focused on areas of food security, trade corridors and water
management. Malik announced that the next meeting of the forum will be held in
Pakistan in April.

Pakistan voiced its concerns on the dam being built on River Kabul with India's
assistance and suggested a profound engagement between Pakistan and Afghanistan
to address these concerns.

Philbrook said development of agriculture in both countries was part of the
strategy to boosting their economies, uplifting living standards of their people
and winning the hearts and minds of the rural populace.  "We believe that peace
depends on improving the lot of the people for which development of agriculture
is vital because more than eighty per cent population depends on it," Philbrook
remarked. He said the United States intends to vigorously pursue the goal of
agricultural growth adding that in case of Afghanistan it would also work as an
incentive to farmers to stop planting poppy.

"Agriculture is key to making peace sustainable" Philbrook said while pointing
out that drug trade is a major source of instability and funding for militancy
in Afghanistan.

Responding to points raised by Mr. Malik in his welcome speech regarding the
tardy approach adopted by the United States in the past in committing funds that
has hampered progress in formulating policies and designing projects, Philbrooke
assured that adequate and prompt funding would be provided to launch viable
programmes in agriculture. He said the US secretary agriculture during his
recent visit to the region felt more determined than ever to build international
awareness about the importance of Afghanistan's agricultural economy to its
long-term security and sustainability.

He referred to last year's trilateral summit in Washington attended by president
Barack Obama and his Afghan and Pakistani counterparts Hamid Karazi and Asif Ali
Zardari during which they agreed on a roadmap for the progress and prosperity of
people of this region.

"We, too, are here in the midst of a great challenge and understand that
generating sustained economic development in Pakistan and Afghanistan will not
be easy. But we will not be deterred."

Malik said the United States has been a generous donor to developing countries
in promoting their economies but its assistance has failed to produce desired
results.

"In this context we hear our American friends expressing frustration why people
hate America despite all the goodwill it has shown in helping the developing
countries," Malik said.

"One major reason for this state of affairs is that the US assistance has failed
to trickle down to real stake-holders- the under-privileged sections of society
who have become poorer over the period of time," he said.  "In order to move in
the right direction, we have to acknowledge our past mistakes and stop enriching
the rich and empowering the powerful, "Malik said adding:"People are skeptical
and there is also a trust deficit as people are not sure if the Americans would
again wash off their hands, as in the past, and leave everything high and dry."

Philbrook said the United States and its allies are determined this time not to
abandon the people of this region and would do everything to become their
partners in peace and prosperity.

Afghan deputy minister Saleem Kundozi said his government's agricultural
strategy has three pillars; to protect and restore the environment; to grow
agricultural production and productivity; and to foster agri-business to boost
exports and family income for creating new jobs on and off the farms. He
underpinned the importance of cooperation between Afghanistan and Pakistan and

said his country can learn from the broader experiences of Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     June 30, 1988, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Rain drives grain prices down but fails to relieve U.S. drought

BYLINE: Deborah Hargreaves and Nancy Dunne Financial Times of London

SECTION: SECTION 3, MARKETS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 480 words

DATELINE: London,England


  Scattered showers quenched parts of the thirsty U.S. farm belt yesterday but
showed little sign of breaking the worst drought to strike the nation in half a
century.

Grain prices plunged across the board for the second day in a row as Chicago
traders remained hypersensitive to any change in the weather.

The drought had triggered soaring commodity prices in the futures markets, where
grains until Tuesday approached record price levels.

But these prices had already anticipated widespread damage to U.S. crops, and
traders have been quick to react to any prospects of improvement in the U.S.
harvest.

DAMAGE 'UNDERESTIMATED'

The farm lobby, however, is complaining that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
has underestimated the drought damage so far.

''If it were to rain tomorrow, you would still have a 50% reduction in harvest
on wheat,'' said Devon Woodland of the National Farmers' Organization.

''You would have a 60% harvest in corn, and you would have a 70% harvest in
soyabeans.''

Even more dramatic, he said, is the 50% reduction in hay output available for
livestock farmers, who have been the first to suffer the affects of the
disaster.

''The grass has been consumed - it's gone - and we have seen the first-wave
liquidation of cattle, and the second wave will come when we know for a fact
that there is no more rain, and there is none in the forecast,'' he said.

In view of the November presidential elections, pleas by farmers for government
assistance are falling on receptive ears in Washington.

''If you're going to have a drought, it had better be in a year divisible by
four,'' said John Baise of the American Soyabean Association.

His organization has put forward a package of relief proposals including loans
and subsidies this year to drought-stricken soybean producers and export
subsidies next year.

U.S. government surpluses of soybeans are depleting rapidly and are expected to
disappear during July.

Even before the drought, the USDA had predicted that by September farmer-owned
stocks would drop to an historically low 155 million bushels.

The American Soyabean Association is worried about expanded oilseeds production
by Brazil and Argentina in 1988-89.

To maintain its grip on its markets, it is requesting changes in the U.S. farm
program which would allow for an expansion of U.S. soybean planting next year.

PROGRAM ON HOLD

The USDA has insisted that, despite the drought, there will sufficient supplies
of grain for export this year.

But the department has quietly put on hold a controversial subsidy program aimed
at boosting grain exports.

Farmers, however, are keen to see the scheme continued.

They point to the 78 million acres of land, idle this year under set-aside and
conservation programs, which could be brought back into production next year.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

USDA announces $1.2 million in available funding for aquaculture research

LENGTH: 262  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Van Buren: Institute of Food Technologists has issued the following news
release:



  The U.S. Dept. of Agriculture (USDA) has announced more than $1.2 million in
available funding to support the development of environmentally- and
economically-sustainable aquaculture in the United States. This funding is
available through the Aquaculture Research Program, administered through USDA's
National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA). Applications are due May 17.





 The Aquaculture Research program focuses on projects that directly address
major challenges to the U.S. aquaculture industry. Results of projects supported
by this program are intended to help improve the profitability of the U.S.
aquaculture industry, reduce the U.S. trade deficit, increase domestic food
security, provide markets for U.S. produced products, increase domestic
aquaculture business investment opportunities, and provide more jobs for rural
and coastal America.



 Aquaculture contributes more than half of the seafood consumed globally, and
this contribution is expected to grow. Although U.S. aquaculture production has
shown growth in the past decade, the U.S. currently still has an approximately
$12 billion trade deficit in seafood products and imports more than 90% of
seafood consumed. Applied research in genetics, disease, production systems, and
economics is needed to develop practical solutions that will facilitate growth
of the U.S. aquaculture industry.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    December 15, 1989, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Farm program faces review

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 248 words

DATELINE: Washington,DC


  A Kansas legislator plans to investigate a federal farm-export program,
despite industry worries that resulting negative publicity could erode the
program's political support.

Kansas Democrat Dan Glickman said yesterday he will review the U.S. Agriculture
Department's Export Enhancement Program, under which the government gives
American exporters surplus commodities, to subsidize the cost of selling U.S.
farm products overseas.

Two recent studies say the department wasted up to US$200 million ($232.2
million) between 1985 and 1988 through excessive bonuses and mismanagement.

''The way the program is currently operated, it gives those folks who are
multimillion-dollar grain dealers a preferential hand over farmers,'' Glickman
said.

Concerned over a possible congressional backlash, the Agriculture Department has
said rules for the program will be revised within months.

The department has spent more than US$2.6 billion on the program since 1985 to
promote U.S. exports worth about US$8.9 billion. Wheat exports have accounted
for most spending by the program.

Glickman is proposing a 10-point plan to improve the program's management,
including replacing guidelines with legislation, developing better criteria for
evaluating bids and auditing individual transactions.

Although the probe will focus on program management, industry officials worry
that the debate could erode congressional support for subsidizing U.S. farm
exports.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            February 12, 2010 Friday

US to provide 100m dollars for agriculture development in Pakistan, Afghanistan

LENGTH: 799 words


Text of report by official news agency Associated Press of Pakistan (APP)

Islamabad, 12 February: A trilateral US-Pakistan-Afghanistan forum on
agriculture has made a robust start in its first meeting held in Qatar with
United States making initial commitment of 100m dollars as first tranche out of
a hefty fund it promised to bolster agriculture in Pakistan and Afghanistan.
"More money will flow as concrete projects get underway," US deputy under
secretary agriculture Burnham Philbrooke observed in the plenary session.
According to a message received here Friday [12 February], the meeting was
organized in Doha by the US Embassy in Pakistan for security reason and to avoid
visa and other complications envisaged in holding it in the United States.
Pakistan delegation that comprised nearly two dozen top agriculture experts and
officials was led by the director general of the trilateral secretariat, Mr
Zahoor Malik. Working groups comprising experts from the three countries in
their deliberations focused on areas of food security, trade corridors and water
management. Malik announced that the next meeting of the forum will be held in
Pakistan in April.

Pakistan voiced its concerns on the dam being built on River Kabul with India's
assistance and suggested a profound engagement between Pakistan and Afghanistan
to address these concerns. Philbrooke said development of agriculture in both
countries was part of the strategy to boosting their economies, uplifting living
standards of their people and winning the hearts and minds of the rural
populace. "We believe that peace depends on improving the lot of the people for
which development of agriculture is vital because more than eighty per cent
population depends on it," Philbrooke remarked. He said the United States
intends to vigorously pursue the goal of agricultural growth adding that in case
of Afghanistan it would also work as an incentive to farmers to stop planting
poppy.

"Agriculture is key to making peace sustainable" Philbrooke said while pointing
out that drug trade is a major source of instability and funding for militancy
in Afghanistan. Responding to points raised by Mr. Malik in his welcome speech
regarding the tardy approach adopted by the United States in the past in
committing funds that has hampered progress in formulating policies and
designing projects, Philbrooke assured that adequate and prompt funding would be
provided to launch viable programmes in agriculture. He said the US secretary
agriculture during his recent visit to the region felt more determined than ever
to build international awareness about the importance of Afghanistan's
agricultural economy to its long-term security and sustainability. He referred
to last year's trilateral summit in Washington attended by president Barack
Obama and his Afghan and Pakistani counterparts Hamed Karazi and Asif Ali Zadari
during which they agreed on a roadmap for the progress and prosperity of people
of this region. "We, too, are here in the midst of a great challenge and
understand that generating sustained economic development in Pakistan and
Afghanistan will not be easy. But we will not be deterred."

Malik said the United States has been a generous donor to developing countries
in promoting their economies but its assistance has failed to produce desired
results.

"In this context we hear our American friends expressing frustration why people
hate America despite all the goodwill it has shown in helping the developing
countries," Malik said.

"One major reason for this state of affairs is that the US assistance has failed
to trickle down to real stake-holders- the under-privileged sections of society
who have become poorer over the period of time," he said.

"In order to move in the right direction, we have to acknowledge our past
mistakes and stop enriching the rich and empowering the powerful, "Malik said
adding: "People are sceptical and there is also a trust deficit as people are
not sure if the Americans would again wash off their hands, as in the past, and
leave everything high and dry."

Philbrooke said the United States and its allies are determined this time not to
abandon the people of this region and would do everything to become their
partners in peace and prosperity. Afghan deputy minister Saleem Kundozi said his
government's agricultural strategy has three pillars; to protect and restore the
environment; to grow agricultural production and productivity; and to foster
agri-business to boost exports and family income for creating new jobs on and
off the farms. He underpinned the importance of cooperation between Afghanistan
and Pakistan and said his country can learn from the broader experiences of
Pakistan.

Source: Associated Press of Pakistan news agency, Islamabad, in English 0616gmt
12 Feb 10

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 16, 2017 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces $252 Million Available for Regional Conservation
Partnership Program

LENGTH: 652  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today invited potential conservation
partners, including private industry, non-government organizations, Indian
tribes, state and local governments, water districts, and universities to submit
project applications for federal funding through the Regional Conservation
Partnership Program (RCPP).





 Through this fourth RCPP Announcement for Program Funding (APF), USDA's Natural
Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) will award up to $252 million dollars to
locally driven, public-private partnerships that improve the nation's water
quality, combat drought, enhance soil health, support wildlife habitat, and
protect agricultural viability. Applicants must match or exceed the federal
award with private or local funds.



 "Through unprecedented collaboration, the Regional Conservation Partnership
Program has established a new paradigm for working lands conservation that
yields unparalleled results," Vilsack said. "Working together, RCPP projects in
every state are demonstrating the ways in which locally-led initiatives can meet
some of our most pressing natural resource concerns."



 Created by the 2014 Farm Bill, RCPP connects partners with producers and
private landowners to design and implement voluntary conservation solutions that
benefit natural resources, agriculture, and the economy. By 2018, NRCS and its
more than 2,000 conservation partners will have invested at least $2.4 billion
in high-impact RCPP projects nationwide.



 For example, three existing RCPP projects bring together more than 40 partners,
including USA Rice, Ducks Unlimited, California Rice Commission, the Walmart
Foundation and The Mosaic Company, to accelerate conservation on rice lands in
six states facing water quality and quantity challenges. These projects,
collectively called the USA Rice-Ducks Unlimited Rice Stewardship Partnership,
aim to conserve water and wildlife habitat while sustaining the future of rice
farming in the United States. With unique technical expertise and needs, each
state is leading a partner-driven, local approach to conservation in rice
agriculture.



 In its most recent RCPP awards, NRCS last month announced that 88 high-impact
projects across the country will receive $225 million in federal funding, with
more than double that investment from partners. The new Gulf of Mexico - Forest
to Sea RCPP project will conserve Florida's pristine "Big Bend" area along the
northeastern Gulf by implementing innovative conservation solutions with private
working forest owners. Using an impact investment approach, The Conservation
Fund and 12 partners will implement an easement and restoration plan on large
forested tracts to address the natural resource concerns while allowing
sustainable timber harvesting and maintaining local jobs. The project will serve
as a model for further conservation and impact investing in the region and
beyond.



 NRCS Chief Jason Weller encourages partners to consider conservation finance
and environmental markets as they develop RCPP project applications. "The
growing field of conservation finance provides opportunities to inject
significant investment capital into projects that protect, restore and maintain
our natural ecosystems," says Weller.



 USDA is now accepting proposals for Fiscal Year 2018 RCPP funding.
Pre-proposals are due April 21. For more information on applying, visit the RCPP
website.



 Since 2009, USDA has invested more than $29 billion to help producers make
conservation improvements, working with as many as 500,000 farmers, ranchers and
landowners to protect over 400 million acres nationwide, boosting soil and air
quality, cleaning and conserving water and enhancing wildlife habitat.


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 16, 2017 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces $252 Million Available for Regional Conservation
Partnership Program

LENGTH: 652  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today invited potential conservation
partners, including private industry, non-government organizations, Indian
tribes, state and local governments, water districts, and universities to submit
project applications for federal funding through the Regional Conservation
Partnership Program (RCPP).





 Through this fourth RCPP Announcement for Program Funding (APF), USDA's Natural
Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) will award up to $252 million dollars to
locally driven, public-private partnerships that improve the nation's water
quality, combat drought, enhance soil health, support wildlife habitat, and
protect agricultural viability. Applicants must match or exceed the federal
award with private or local funds.



 "Through unprecedented collaboration, the Regional Conservation Partnership
Program has established a new paradigm for working lands conservation that
yields unparalleled results," Vilsack said. "Working together, RCPP projects in
every state are demonstrating the ways in which locally-led initiatives can meet
some of our most pressing natural resource concerns."



 Created by the 2014 Farm Bill, RCPP connects partners with producers and
private landowners to design and implement voluntary conservation solutions that
benefit natural resources, agriculture, and the economy. By 2018, NRCS and its
more than 2,000 conservation partners will have invested at least $2.4 billion
in high-impact RCPP projects nationwide.



 For example, three existing RCPP projects bring together more than 40 partners,
including USA Rice, Ducks Unlimited, California Rice Commission, the Walmart
Foundation and The Mosaic Company, to accelerate conservation on rice lands in
six states facing water quality and quantity challenges. These projects,
collectively called the USA Rice-Ducks Unlimited Rice Stewardship Partnership,
aim to conserve water and wildlife habitat while sustaining the future of rice
farming in the United States. With unique technical expertise and needs, each
state is leading a partner-driven, local approach to conservation in rice
agriculture.



 In its most recent RCPP awards, NRCS last month announced that 88 high-impact
projects across the country will receive $225 million in federal funding, with
more than double that investment from partners. The new Gulf of Mexico - Forest
to Sea RCPP project will conserve Florida's pristine "Big Bend" area along the
northeastern Gulf by implementing innovative conservation solutions with private
working forest owners. Using an impact investment approach, The Conservation
Fund and 12 partners will implement an easement and restoration plan on large
forested tracts to address the natural resource concerns while allowing
sustainable timber harvesting and maintaining local jobs. The project will serve
as a model for further conservation and impact investing in the region and
beyond.



 NRCS Chief Jason Weller encourages partners to consider conservation finance
and environmental markets as they develop RCPP project applications. "The
growing field of conservation finance provides opportunities to inject
significant investment capital into projects that protect, restore and maintain
our natural ecosystems," says Weller.



 USDA is now accepting proposals for Fiscal Year 2018 RCPP funding.
Pre-proposals are due April 21. For more information on applying, visit the RCPP
website.



 Since 2009, USDA has invested more than $29 billion to help producers make
conservation improvements, working with as many as 500,000 farmers, ranchers and
landowners to protect over 400 million acres nationwide, boosting soil and air
quality, cleaning and conserving water and enhancing wildlife habitat.


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 16, 2017 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces $252 Million Available for Regional Conservation
Partnership Program

LENGTH: 652  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today invited potential conservation
partners, including private industry, non-government organizations, Indian
tribes, state and local governments, water districts, and universities to submit
project applications for federal funding through the Regional Conservation
Partnership Program (RCPP).





 Through this fourth RCPP Announcement for Program Funding (APF), USDA's Natural
Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) will award up to $252 million dollars to
locally driven, public-private partnerships that improve the nation's water
quality, combat drought, enhance soil health, support wildlife habitat, and
protect agricultural viability. Applicants must match or exceed the federal
award with private or local funds.



 "Through unprecedented collaboration, the Regional Conservation Partnership
Program has established a new paradigm for working lands conservation that
yields unparalleled results," Vilsack said. "Working together, RCPP projects in
every state are demonstrating the ways in which locally-led initiatives can meet
some of our most pressing natural resource concerns."



 Created by the 2014 Farm Bill, RCPP connects partners with producers and
private landowners to design and implement voluntary conservation solutions that
benefit natural resources, agriculture, and the economy. By 2018, NRCS and its
more than 2,000 conservation partners will have invested at least $2.4 billion
in high-impact RCPP projects nationwide.



 For example, three existing RCPP projects bring together more than 40 partners,
including USA Rice, Ducks Unlimited, California Rice Commission, the Walmart
Foundation and The Mosaic Company, to accelerate conservation on rice lands in
six states facing water quality and quantity challenges. These projects,
collectively called the USA Rice-Ducks Unlimited Rice Stewardship Partnership,
aim to conserve water and wildlife habitat while sustaining the future of rice
farming in the United States. With unique technical expertise and needs, each
state is leading a partner-driven, local approach to conservation in rice
agriculture.



 In its most recent RCPP awards, NRCS last month announced that 88 high-impact
projects across the country will receive $225 million in federal funding, with
more than double that investment from partners. The new Gulf of Mexico - Forest
to Sea RCPP project will conserve Florida's pristine "Big Bend" area along the
northeastern Gulf by implementing innovative conservation solutions with private
working forest owners. Using an impact investment approach, The Conservation
Fund and 12 partners will implement an easement and restoration plan on large
forested tracts to address the natural resource concerns while allowing
sustainable timber harvesting and maintaining local jobs. The project will serve
as a model for further conservation and impact investing in the region and
beyond.



 NRCS Chief Jason Weller encourages partners to consider conservation finance
and environmental markets as they develop RCPP project applications. "The
growing field of conservation finance provides opportunities to inject
significant investment capital into projects that protect, restore and maintain
our natural ecosystems," says Weller.



 USDA is now accepting proposals for Fiscal Year 2018 RCPP funding.
Pre-proposals are due April 21. For more information on applying, visit the RCPP
website.



 Since 2009, USDA has invested more than $29 billion to help producers make
conservation improvements, working with as many as 500,000 farmers, ranchers and
landowners to protect over 400 million acres nationwide, boosting soil and air
quality, cleaning and conserving water and enhancing wildlife habitat.


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             June 10, 2006 Saturday

Agriculture business seminar scheduled

BYLINE: By E-R Staff

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 299 words


The Center for International Trade Development at Butte College is planning a
free, informative seminar for local agriculture business to be held on June 16
at Butte College's Chico Center from 10 a.m.-noon. The program, "U.S. Government
Funding Programs for Agricultural Exporters," will focus on export-related
programs and services offered by the California Department of Food and
Agriculture, Western U.S. Agricultural Trade Association and the Export-Import
Bank of the United States. Representatives from CDFA and Ex-Im Bank will speak
and be available to answer questions from the group or individually.

The CITD and CDFA are state governmental entities dedicated to assisting
California's agricultural producers and foreign market development, leading to
increased exports of our food and agricultural products. California's membership
within WUSATA allows the state's agricultural exporters access to federal
marketing dollars, and Ex-Im Bank of the United States offers various financial
programs designed to assist agricultural exporters.

According to Jim Wilson, director of Butte College CITD, there is an array of
programs, valuable to both novice and experienced agricultural exporters, aimed
at gaining access to international sales channels.

"Many of these programs have been around for a while," Wilson said, "and the ag
community is familiar with them. However, new programs are continually being
introduced, and existing programs undergo changes in funding levels, program
parameters and deadlines from year to year. That is why this seminar is so
important. It gives local producers a chance to update themselves on existing
programs and learn about new ones."

Registration for the seminar may be made by calling the Butte College CITD at
879-9049 or by e-mail to OldTr@Butte.edu.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   November 10, 1988, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Farm-policy challenge will come in budget cuts

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 236 words

DATELINE: Washington,D.C.


  President-elect George Bush will probably continue the aim of President Ronald
Reagan to reduce federal involvement in agriculture, farm policy experts say.

But he also is likely to put his own stamp on the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, and a stronger Democratic Congress is expected to force compromises
that could increase the government's role in supporting farm prices.

''I think the Bush administration will not be inclined to take a hard look at
recent agriculture policy decisions because they were made by friendly hands,''
said agriculture consultant John Schnittker, a former Democratic official of the
USDA.

Under Reagan, the government reduced price supports to make farm exports more
competitive but retained income assistance for farmers through costly direct
payments.

Bush has endorsed Reagan administration goals at the General Agreement on
Tariffs & Trade to phase out agricultural subsidies worldwide.

Bush's first major domestic challenge in agriculture is likely to come next
spring, when Congress and the White House begin debating ways to make US$30
billion in budget cuts needed to reach deficit-reduction targets. U.S. farm
programs have cost about US$60 billion over the past three years and will be
likely targets in any budget-reduction efforts.

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng has long said he will step down at the
end of Reagan's term.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                        May 7, 2013 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Ag Energy Coalition Thanks Sens. Franken and 8 Co-Sponsors for Introducing Farm
Bill Energy Title Reauthorization Bill

LENGTH: 263  words


New Delhi, May 7 -- The Agriculture Energy Coalition today expressed support for
legislation introduced by Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) to reauthorize Farm Bill
Energy Title programs and provide robust mandatory funding. The Coalition also
thanked Sens. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa), Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio), Richard Durbin
(D-Ill.), Maria Cantwell (D-Wash.), Tim Johnson (D-S.D.), William Cowan
(D-Mass.), Mazie Hirono (D-Hawaii), Tammy Baldwin (D-Wisc.) and other original
co-sponsors of the legislation, which would provide more than $1 billion in
mandatory funding for renewable energy programs.



Last week, the Agriculture Energy Coalition joined more than 100 national, state
and regional organizations in a letter to the leaders of the House and Senate
Agriculture Committees, urging them to adopt a new Farm Bill with robust
mandatory funding for renewable energy and energy efficiency programs. The
letter noted, "Continued growth in new agriculture, manufacturing, and high tech
jobs are at great risk without continued Federal investment."

Lloyd Ritter, co-director of the Coalition, said, "We agree with Sen. Franken
and other co-sponsors of this legislation that investments in energy efficiency
projects and renewable energy systems in rural areas of the United States
provide very significant energy security, economic, and environmental benefits
to the entire United States, including stable, well-paying employment
opportunities. The U.S. agricultural and forestry sectors offer significant
potential for production of renewable energy and its economic and environmental
benefits."

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Countryman (Western Australia)

                                  May 20, 2004
                                    GENERAL

Sugar the only winner

SECTION: CMAN; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 293  words


THE Agriculture Minister has failed to deliver a plan for rural Australia in
this budget, according to Opposition spokesman for Agriculture Gavan O'Connor.

Mr O'Cannor claimed Agriculture Minister Warren Truss had simply shifted money
between programs in an attempt to plug holes such as those in the quarantine
program.

Also, the National Landcare Program, the Farmbis Program and the Agricultural
Development Partnership Program had all suffered funding cuts, he said.

The Agriculture Minister continued to blame the States for his own failings, Mr
O'Connor said.

"The FarmBis Program, originally introduced in 2000/01 with a budget of $166
million over four years, should have been helping farmers upgrade their skills.

"But the inability of the Agriculture Minister to negotiate properly with the
State Governments has seen funding and training opportunities for farmers
evaporate.

"In this Budget the rebadged Farmbis Program is now only $66.7 million over four
years."

Key reforms in the administration of the national drought program, agreed in May
2002, had also not been progressed because Mr Truss could not negotiate with his
State colleagues, Mr O'Connor claimed.

And the Agricultural Development Partnership Program had also been further cut
because Mr Truss had failed to win the support of the States, he said.

"Much of the overall growth in funding in the Agriculture portfolio comes from
the Government's sugar package.

"The size of the 2004 package highlights the failure of the Government to
properly assist Australia's sugar industry through assistance packages in 1998,
2000 and again in 2002 - a policy failure compounded by its inability to get any
deal for canegrowers through the Free Trade Agreement with the United States,"
Mr O'Connor said.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gavan O'Connor.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 West Australian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The New Era

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 23, 2009

Turner County to receive $11,000 in rural development funding

BYLINE: by SARAH EBELING, EDITOR

LENGTH: 333  words


Businesses big or small, sometimes need help. Whether they are thinking of
expanding, adding an addition, or even working to retain the business they have,
owners may have questions that they are not sure how to answer.

One person they look to is Nancy Larsen, Enterprise Facilitator for the
Southeast Enterprise Facilitation Project (SEFP).

Recently, SEFP was given a $11,000 federal grant from the United States
Department of Agriculture's Rural Development.

United State Senator Tim Johnson explained that the funding will be used to
provide funding to businesses in Hutchinson and Turner Counties.

"It is important to provide our local communities with the resources needed to
expand economic opportunities," Johnson said. "I am pleased that the Southeast
Enterprise Facilitation Project will receive these funds to promote future
growth for businesses in Hutchinson and Turner Counties. One of the pillars of
my Hometown Prosperity Plan is investing in the public good, and this funding is
a wonderful example of that kind of investment."

Larsen noted, "The money received in the success RBEG application is to offer
continued services to existing SEFP clients in areas that have dropped on like
Parkston and rural Hutchinson County. We are hoping to make inroads into McCook
County too with the dollars."

The Southeast Enterprise Facilitation Project was founded in 1997 and provides
assistance to businesses in small communities to expand. The Southeast
Enterprise Facilitation Projects helps businesses in Rural Turner County,
Centerville, Marion, Parker and Menno.

Senator Johnson's Hometown Prosperity Plan is a four-pillar agenda for advancing
South Dakota's economy from the federal level. The four pillars, or strategies,
include "Promoting Partnerships," "Emphasizing Entrepreneurship," "Investing in
the Public Good," and "Protecting Pocketbooks."

Larsen continued, "Ultimately the goal in the grant is to assist 15 businesses
to start, expand or retain with 30 jobs involved by the end of 2010."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NER

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2009 The New Era


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

USDA Helps Open and Expand Export Markets for U.S. Agriculture

LENGTH: 557  words


Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued the following news
release:

Fiscal Year 2015 Funding Strengthens Market for American Products and
Commodities

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) Foreign Agricultural Service has awarded funding to more
than 60 U.S. agricultural organizations to help expand commercial export markets
for American products.

"The Market Access and Foreign Market Development Programs help agricultural
organizations representing thousands of producers and businesses open and grow
markets for American products around the world," Vilsack said. "Exports create
jobs and foster growth that is critically important for rural communities and
our entire nation's economy."

Through the Market Access Program (MAP), Foreign Agricultural Service partners
with U.S. agricultural trade associations, cooperatives, state regional trade
groups and small businesses to share the costs of overseas marketing and
promotional activities that help build commercial export markets for U.S.
agricultural products and commodities. The program, which focuses on consumer
promotion, including brand promotion for small companies and cooperatives, is
used extensively by organizations promoting fruits, vegetables, nuts, processed
products, and bulk and intermediate commodities. Through MAP, the Foreign
Agricultural Service will provide $173.2 million to 62 nonprofit organizations
and cooperatives. Participants contribute an average 214 percent match for
generic marketing and promotion activities and a dollar-for-dollar match for
promotion of branded products by small businesses and cooperatives.

The Foreign Market Development (FMD) Program focuses on trade servicing and
trade capacity building by helping to create, expand and maintain long-term
export markets for U.S. agricultural products. Under FMD, also known as the
Cooperator Program, the Foreign Agricultural Service will allocate $26.7 million
to 22 trade organizations that represent U.S. agricultural producers. USDA's
Foreign Agricultural Service partners with U.S. agricultural producers and
processors, who are represented by non-profit commodity or trade associations
called cooperators. The organizations, which on average contribute nearly triple
the amount they receive in federal resources, will conduct activities that help
maintain or increase the demand for U.S. agricultural commodities overseas.

USDA's international market development programs have had a significant and
positive impact on U.S. agricultural exports. An independent study released in
2010 found that trade promotion programs like MAP and FMD provide $35 in
economic benefits for every dollar spent by government and industry on market
development.

The past six years represent the strongest period for U.S. agricultural exports
in the history of the United States. Farm exports in fiscal year 2014 reached a
record $152.5 billion and supported 1 million jobs in the United States.

MAP Funding Allocations - FY 2015

FMD Funding Allocations - FY 2015

Visit www.fas.usda.gov to learn more about the Market Access Program, the
Foreign Market Development Program and other Foreign Agricultural Service
programs.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            October 16, 2006 Monday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Danforth pushes for agricultural institute

BYLINE: By Eric Hand ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 778 words


RESEARCH MONEY * Plan includes making scientists compete.

---

With research funding for agriculture at a standstill, Missouri officials are
trying to generate momentum for a new $1 billion national institute that would
fund agricultural science that could lead to drought-resistant plants, new
sources for biofuels and healthier foods.

Former Washington University Chancellor William Danforth is calling for a
national institute of food and agriculture and expects that, if such an
institute were created, some of the new funding would go to plant scientists in
St. Louis.

Danforth headed a U.S. Department of Agriculture task force and found that the
agricultural research system was old-fashioned, poorly funded and in need of a
healthy dose of competition.

"Important innovations are not going to come from traditional forms of
agricultural research. They're going to come from basic science," said Danforth,
who published an editorial Friday in the journal Science outlining what he sees
as problems in the agricultural research system. "I came to the conclusion that
the Department of Agriculture was not doing a very good job of that."

The proposed institute would be modeled after the National Institutes of Health.

Sen. Jim Talent, R-Mo., and Rep. Gil Gutknecht, R-Minn., both have introduced
bills that would establish the institute, though no action is expected this
year.

Federal funding for agriculture research has long lagged behind that of other
agencies. For example, this year's research budget of the NIH -- $27.8 billion
-- was 12 times that of the Department of Agriculture.

That is partly because life-changing medical advances are easier to grasp,
Danforth said. The agricultural research that has made U.S. foods safe and
efficient is taken for granted.

"In order to get this good food, we're using too much water. . . . We're using
lots of energy to get it. And our farmers are faced with more foreign
competition than ever before," he said.

Imports could soon overtake U.S. agriculture exports, which have shrunk in the
last decade. If fish products are included, the United States has run an
agricultural trade deficit since 1997.

Tom Van Arsdall, director of the National Coalition for Food and Agricultural
Research, says new investment is needed to spur research in biofuels, plant and
animal diseases, and foods that could help in America's obesity problem.

The proposed institute not only would increase available research funding, but
would make scientists compete for that money.

For more than a century, Congress has used formula grants and earmarks to
distribute most agricultural research funding to universities and agricultural
experiment stations. Danforth says these steady streams make sense for
place-based agriculture research -- like breeding the best blueberry for western
Michigan.

"The needs in Minnesota are different from California, which are different from
Florida," he said. "On the other hand, if you want to study drought tolerance,
you can study it anywhere."

Competitive grants require scientists to submit proposals for the money. Peer
scientists rank these proposals on merit. Only 8 percent of USDA research
funding is competitive, compared with 90 percent of National Science Foundation
research.

If agricultural research money moved to a purely competitive system, states in
the Southeast would suffer, while states in the West and northern Midwest would
gain money, said Wallace Huffman, an Iowa State University agricultural
economist who modeled winners and losers based on research institution quality
and prior dependence on federal formula funding. Missouri and Illinois would
make modest gains in attracting funding.

Danforth said new funding could go to St. Louis plant scientists, such as those
at the Donald Danforth Plant Science Center in Creve Coeur, the research
institute that Danforth was instrumental in founding.

Huffman doesn't support the elimination of place-based research funds, since his
models show that that money has a greater impact than competitive grants on
state agricultural productivity.

Van Arsdall says his coalition -- which includes many agricultural experiment
stations dependent on federal formula funding -- would only support the new
institute if it were created with new money, rather than by draining existing
research programs.

Bills to overhaul agricultural research have been proposed in the past, and task
forces have recommended changes time and time again. Danforth hopes the timing
will be right next year, when the Farm Bill comes up for renewal.

"It's no more certain than the Cardinals winning their next game," he said. "But
I think there's more of an urgency than ever before."

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC
 GRAPHIC - Research priorities Post-Dispatch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 10, 2011

$10 million proposed for farmland preservation;
New funding opens door for program for young farmers

BYLINE: Rachel Swick Mavity

LENGTH: 364  words


When Gov. Jack Markell introduced his proposed budget in January, it did not
include money for farmland preservation. Shortfalls and a slow economy paired to
force cuts, including the $5 million usually allotted to the program.

Delaware Department of Agriculture Secretary Ed Kee said the cut put farmland
preservation on the back burner for the year. But tax revenues have come in
higher than expected, and Markell is now proposing not only restoring the $5
million but increasing funding to $10 million.

With new funding proposed, the Department of Agriculture plans to'start a new
program aimed at young farmers. The Delaware Young Farmer Program will utilize
$3 million of the funding to help future farmers purchase land.

"This funding represents a great value and opportunity for Delaware and will
initiate a new and vital addition to our efforts to provide for local food
security and economic growth," Kee said.

"Putting $10 million to land preservation now will yield huge dividends for
Delawareans far into the future. By planting these seeds of economic prosperity
now, Delaware can reap the benefits for generations to come."

Kee said for the past decade the state has focused on preserving land already in
use for agriculture, but now officials are switching gears and focusing on the
future of farming in the state.

"The overriding philosophy for years has been to preserve farmland, but now we
are looking at the human resource side," Kee said. "It is one thing to preserve
the land, but now we have to make sure we have the next generation of farmers to
continue the farming tradition."

An event to announce the new

funding line and new program was held May 10 at Fifer Orchards in Camden, where
Kee and Markell laid out details of how funds will be allotted to future
farmers.

"The money will only help with a portion of the land purchase," Kee said.

"The young farmer will have to help with the purchase as well. It will preserve
the farm in farmland preservation once purchased. Either way, the land will be
preserved."

BY PLANTING THESE SEEDS OF ECONOMIC PROSPERITY NOW, DELAWARE CAN REAP THE
BENEFITS FOR GENERATIONS TO COME.

ED KEE

SECRETARY, DELAWARE DEPARTMENT

OF AGRICULTURE

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2011 Cape Gazette


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Qatar News Agency (QNA) (English)

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday

US Allocates Funds for Hurricane Sandy Victims

LENGTH: 218  words


Washington, August 26 (QNA) - United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
announced up to $99 Million in conservation funding will be provided to assist
Hurricane Sandy victims in Connecticut, New Jersey and New York.



Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today that up to $99 million in
conservation funding will be provided to assist Hurricane Sandy victims in
Connecticut, New Jersey and New York, USDA said.

The funds will be provided through the USDA Natural Resources Conservation
Service (NRCS) Emergency Watershed Protection Program (EWP-FPE).

The funding will be used to enroll 671 acres of hurricane-damaged property into
permanent floodplain easements, while also making affected communities more
resilient to future flooding and storm surges, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
said Monday.

The resources will help coastal communities, both human and natural, which are
still recovering from the effects of Hurricane Sandy, which came ashore on the
northeast coast of the US on October 29, 2012.

"More homeowners and communities that are still struggling from Hurricane Sandy
will now find relief," said Vilsack. "Restoring and protecting floodplain areas
will also reduce the potential for future flooding impacts and improve wildlife
habitat and long-term environmental stability." (QNA)


LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1281


                        Copyright 2014 Qatar News Agency
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            March 20, 2004, Saturday

STATES CASH IN

SECTION: 1st Edition; NEWS; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 78 words


AGRICULTURE Secretary, Ann M Veneman, said that the United States Department of
Agriculture was providing about $ 3.4 million (pounds 1.8 million) in Emergency
Conservation Program (ECP) funding to 10 States and one territory.

"These funds will help farmers and ranchers rehabilitate farmland damaged by
tornadoes, drought and other natural disasters," Ms Veneman said. "We are able
to provide this funding as a result of unused allocations from other States."

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 26, 2013

USDA seeks applications to promote job creation and boost rural economy

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 624  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has announced that applications are being
accepted from qualified non-profit and public organizations (intermediaries) to
provide loans to support rural businesses and community development groups.
Funding, which is intended to spark business expansion and create jobs will be
made available through USDA's Intermediary Relending Program (IRP). The United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) remains focused on carrying out its
mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty. Today's announcement
is one part of the Department's efforts to strengthen the rural economy.

"This program is a part of the Obama Administration's ongoing effort to leverage
private investments with public funds to create jobs and expand economic
opportunity for rural entrepreneurs," Vilsack said. "Intermediaries serve as a
critical component to boosting local economies."

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner added,"This program has been
successful in leveraging private investments with public funds and expand
economic opportunity for rural entrepreneurs," Brunner said. "These loans will
continue to help small rural businesses grow, and create jobs."

Brunner is referring to a $400,000 loan that was made to the New Mexico Loan
Fund last fall which is using the funding to target ag-producers and small
businesses to fund renewable energy systems in communities such as Raton and in
Roswell. The rest of the funds will be used to provide sustainability to small
businesses in numerous small towns throughout the state.

The Intermediary Relending Program is USDA Rural Development's primary program
for capitalizing revolving loan funds. USDA lends money to economic development
intermediaries (nonprofits and public bodies) who in turn re-lend the funds as
commercial loans to rural businesses (ultimate recipients) that might not
otherwise be able to obtain such financing. The repayment of the ultimate
recipients' loans allows the intermediary to continue to make more loans to new
recipients, supporting sustainable economic development. Since President Obama
took office, the program has created or saved an estimated 20,000 jobs.

Funds are used to assist with financing business and economic development
activity to create or retain jobs in disadvantaged and remote communities.
Intermediaries are encouraged to work with state and regional representatives
and in partnership with other public and private organizations that can provide
complimentary resources.

For more information about the Intermediary Relending Program, and to learn
about application deadlines, visit hup://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_irp.html. For
information on how to apply, see page 20883 of the April 8, 2013 Federal
Register (http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2013-04-08/html/2013-08186.htm).
Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has an active portfolio of
more than $172 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America

USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people,
even as USDA implements sequestration - the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has already undertaken
historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $700 million in taxpayer funds
through targeted, common-sense budget reductions. These reductions have put USDA
in a better position to carry out its mission, while implementing sequester
budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as little disruption as possible.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Hidalgo County Herald


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Preston Citizen (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 18, 2012

Projects selected to receive specialty crop funds

BYLINE: Preston Citizen staff

LENGTH: 307  words


Specialty crop projects across Idaho soon will receive funding via the Idaho
State Department of Agriculture (ISDA) from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Specialty Crop Block Grant Program. The State of Idaho allocated
$844,305.86 to projects that will enhance the competitiveness of specialty
crops.

Twenty-four grant applications were submitted seeking a total of nearly $1.8
million. A panel of industry representatives reviewed and scored all
applications and provided input to ISDA for final selection. Twelve projects
were selected for funding, including research, promotional, and educational
activities for such commodities as potatoes, beans, onions, hops, wine, nursery,
and peas and lentils.

"We are now in the fourth year of this program and are starting to see great
results as some of the projects from 2009 and 2010 are wrapping up," ISDA
Director Celia Gould said. "We've funded a total of 48 projects and have been
able to invest over $3.5 million of federal funding into Idaho's specialty crop
industry. These projects also leverage nearly $2 million of matching funds. This
is a great opportunity to put federal grant dollars to work in Idaho to enhance
the competitiveness of our specialty crop industry."

ISDA's State Plan, including the 12 projects, was submitted to USDA on July 5.
Final approval is expected from USDA in September.

Program requirements governing eligibility were published in the Federal
Register. Specialty crops were defined to include fruits and vegetables, tree
nuts, dried fruits, and horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture.
Eligible projects were required to benefit more than one organization and solely
enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops.

If you have questions about the grant program, please contact Lacey Menasco at
laceymenasco agri.idaho.gov or 208-332-8538.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PRZ

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 The Preston Citizen


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Times-Journal (Condon, Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 15, 2015

Sen. Merkley becomes top Democrat on Agriculture Appropriations

BYLINE: The Times-Journal staff

LENGTH: 207  words


Oregon's Senator Jeff Merkley announced last week that in the 114th Congress he
will become the top Democrat on the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on
Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related
Agencies, putting him in a powerful position to advocate for Oregon's rural
communities, agriculture research institutions, and ranching and farming
families.

The Agriculture

Subcommittee oversees the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Food and Drug
Administration (FDA), controlling funding for rural development, agricultural
research, and programs that are key to

Oregon's timber and biomass industries. Over the last two years, Merkley has
used his position as a member of the Subcommittee to work on Oregon priorities
such as specialty crop funding, organic crop insurance, and OSU research to
strengthen Western forests and improve forest industries.

In addition, as one of the Senate's leading anti-tobacco advocates, he has used
his perch to press the FDA to step up and do more to protect children from
tobacco and nicotine addiction.

Two years ago, Merkley became the first Oregonian to serve on either the House
or Senate Appropriations Committee since his mentor, Senator Mark Hatfield,
retired in 1997.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJC

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Journal


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

Grants aimed at expanding NM ag

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 469 words


(LAS CRUCES, N.M. &GT;&GT; New Mexicans involved in agricultural production are
invited to apply to New Mexico Department of Agriculture (NMDA) for funding
through one of two grant programs.

Both programs are intended to develop or expand markets for agricultural
products grown in New Mexico. Where they differ is in their respective details.

The first is called the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (Specialty
Crops),which is funded by United States Department of Agriculture (USDA). NMDA
serves as fiscal agent for New Mexico's share of the federal funding.

"Pecans, chile, onions, greenhouse/nursery crops, pinto beans, honey   they're
all examples of specialty crops, which means marketing and promotion projects
built around them could be considered for this federal funding," said Felicia
Frost, a marketing specialist at NMDA who administers New Mexico's share of the
federal funds. Visit 1.usa.gov/18wggxV for USDA's definition and list of
specialty crops.

Funding per Specialty Crops project typically ranges from $20,000 to $75,000,
but there is no cap. Project length varies from one to three years. The deadline
to apply for funding through the Specialty Crops program is April 20, 2015.
Funding is expected to become available on October 1, 2015.

The second program is called New Mexico Agricultural Development and Promotion
Funds (ADPF). Unlike the Specialty Crops program, ADPF places no restrictions on
the type of agricultural commodity that can benefit. Another difference is that
ADPF projects must be completed within one year.

Funding per ADPF project typically ranges from $500 to $10,000 for individual
applicants and up to $30,000 for groups working on a joint initiative. The
deadline to apply for funding through the ADPF is May 1, 2015. Funding is
expected to become available July 1, 2015.

For both grant programs, Frost said projects are given stronger consideration
when they have what it takes to succeed beyond the life of the grant   in other
words, projects that make good long-term business sense.

Both programs prohibit the use of grant funds to purchase land, buildings,
equipment, or any other type of capital improvement. Also, for both programs
grantees are paid on a reimbursement basis; funds are released only after the
grantee has submitted an invoice and corresponding receipts. The same project
cannot be funded through both programs.

Frost and other NMDA staff are hosting two free workshops for potential
applicants to understand both grant programs and how to apply for them:

Las Cruces: March 17 from 2 to 4 p.m., NMDA (Conference Room), 3190 South Espina
Street

Santa Fe: March 23 from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m., Hotel Santa Fe (Hacienda Meeting
Room), 1501 Paseo de Peralta

or more information on either grant program or the workshops, visit
bit.ly/1Dfq0vjor call 575 646-4929.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                The Ritzville Adams County Journal (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 15, 2012

WLCF funding fate depends on governors signature

BYLINE: The Ritzville Adams County Journal staff

LENGTH: 477  words


With House Bill 2356 now resting in the governor's hands, community fair
officials wait nervously for the decision and the impact that decision can have
on small fair venues. The Wheat Land Communities' Fair (WLCF) receives the
majority of its funding from grants given through the Department of Agriculture.

The funds received can be used for health and safety improvements at an
agricultural fair. The importance of funding the fair means the continuous of
community involvement and educational opportunities for children.

On average, WLCF receives $5,000 to $5,500 from the Department of Agriculture
every year to help fund the fair. Other fair revenue contributors are Wampum and
Blues Fest.

With the loss of Blues Fest, Aaron Esser estimates that WLCF is down 20 percent
in revenue. Esser is the treasurer for the WLCF board, and says that Blues Fest
contributed about $8,000 to the fair.

"We're going to have to get a lot more creative in order to keep funding and to
keep the grounds maintained like they have been. It won't be the same as it is
now, it'll be even more difficult to sustain the grounds," said Esser.

Esser said that the fair board is currently thinking of ideas to bring more
revenue back to the fair. An idea they are currently discussing is having a
concert series, similar to the Blues Fest venue, which would begin this year and
potentially be a joint effort with the Ritzville Rodeo Association.

Val Watson,, who has been a 4-H leader for students for 30 years at the WLCF,
believes that any more cuts to small fair funding would be detrimental to the
success and continuation of the fairs. Watson is also a member of the Washington
State Fairs Association board, where she has served for the past nine years.

"All fairs are funded from the same pool, it's just a different percentage rate
for each fair that comes from the Department of Agriculture," said Watson. "All
of the amounts are decided from the state reports that each fair files at the
end of the year."

The money received from the Department of Agriculture is an annual reimbursement
and WLCF generally receives the payment in mid to late March. WLCF should
receive the annual reimbursement this year; it is the next two years that are in
jeopardy.

Watson believes that a contributing reason to decreases for fair funding in the
past is that the majority of the legislators do not understand the importance of
fairs as an educational purpose. Watson is active in lobbying for fair funding
and commends Senator Mark Schoesler for his continued support of fairs, since on
multiple occasions he has spoke up to defend fair funding.

The uncertainty of the funding makes the WLCF board revaluate funding sources
for the fair. The most frustrating aspect of the bill for Esser aside from the
waiting to hear about receiving funding is that legislators are continually
changing their minds.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RTZ

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
               Copyright 2012 The Ritzville Adams County Journal


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 19, 2014 Saturday

Washington: USDA Helps Open and Expand Export Markets for U.S. Agriculture
through 2014 Farm Bill Programs

LENGTH: 783  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) Foreign Agricultural Service (FAS) awarded funding to more
than 60 U.S. agricultural organizations to help expand commercial export markets
for American products. The funding was made available through the 2014 Farm
Bill. USDA will begin accepting applications for 2015 export development program
funding on April 17, 2014.

"Now that Congress has passed the Farm Bill, USDA is moving quickly to implement
our trade promotion programs to help open and expand opportunities for farmers,
ranchers, and small businesses and build on the past five years of record
agricultural exports," said Vilsack. "These programs are an important investment
in rural America. Every dollar we invest in trade promotion provides $35 in
economic benefits."

Through the Market Access Program (MAP), FAS partners with U.S. agricultural
trade associations, cooperatives, state regional trade groups and small
businesses to share the costs of overseas marketing and promotional activities
that help build commercial export markets for U.S. agricultural products and
commodities. The program, which focuses on consumer promotion, including brand
promotion for small companies and cooperatives, is used extensively by
organizations promoting fruits, vegetables, nuts, processed products, and bulk
and intermediate commodities. Through MAP, FAS will provide $171.8 million to 62
nonprofit organizations and cooperatives. Participants contribute an average
171-percent match for generic marketing and promotion activities and a
dollar-for-dollar match for promotion of branded products by small businesses
and cooperatives.

The Foreign Market Development (FMD) Program focuses on trade servicing and
trade capacity building by helping to create, expand and maintain long-term
export markets for U.S. agricultural products. Under FMD, FAS will allocate
$24.6 million to 22 trade organizations that represent U.S. agricultural
producers. FAS partners with U.S. agricultural producers and processors, who are
represented by non-profit commodity or trade associations called cooperators.
The organizations, which on average contribute nearly triple the amount they
receive in federal resources, will conduct activities that help maintain or
increase the demand for U.S. agricultural commodities overseas.

Applications for 2015 export development program funding will be accepted
beginning April 17, 2014. In addition to MAP and FMD programs, eligible
organizations can apply for funding through the Technical Assistance for
Specialty Crops (TASC) Program, Quality Samples Program (QSP) and Emerging
Markets Program (EMP). The TASC program funds projects that address sanitary and
phytosanitary barriers that prohibit or threaten the export of U.S. specialty
crops. The 2014 Farm Bill amended the program to allow participants to address
technical barriers to trade regardless of whether they are related to a sanitary
or phytosanitary barrier. QSP helps agricultural trade organizations provide
product samples to potential importers. EMP provides funding for technical
assistance activities to promote exports to emerging markets. The programs were
authorized as part of the 2014 Farm Bill.

Applicants are encouraged to apply via the Unified Export Strategy online
application system. Information is available at
http://www.fas.usda.gov/unified-export-strategy. Applications can also be
emailed to podadmin@fas.usda.gov or hand-delivered to: USDA Foreign Agricultural
Service, Office of Trade Programs, 1400 Independence Avenue, SW, Room 6512-S,
Washington, D.C. 20250. New applicants are encouraged to email
podadmin@fas.usda.gov to request more information. Applicants must have a Dun &
Bradstreet (DUNS) number for federal assistance, which can be obtained online at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webformThis is an external link or third-party site
outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. or by
phone, (866) 705-5711.

USDA's international market development programs have had a significant and
positive impact on U.S. agricultural exports. An independent study released in
2010 found that trade promotion programs like MAP and FMD provide $35 in
economic benefits for every dollar spent by government and industry on market
development.

The past five years represent the strongest period for U.S. agricultural exports
in the history of the United States. Farm exports in fiscal year 2013 reached a
record $140.9 billion and supported 1 million jobs in the United States.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            October 24, 2011 Monday

United States: Agriculture and Food Research Initiative: Food Safety

LENGTH: 235  words


Funding Opportunity Number:  USDA-NIFA-AFRI-003449
Opportunity Category:  Discretionary
Posted Date:  May 25, 2011
Creation Date:  May 25, 2011
Estimated Total Program Funding:  $7,000,000
The Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI) is the National Institute of
Food and Agriculture (NIFA) flagship competitive grant program and was
established under section 7406 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008
(the 2008 Farm Bill). AFRI supports work in six priority areas: plant health and
production and plant products; animal health and production and animal products;
food safety, nutrition, and health; renewable energy, natural resources, and
environment; agriculture systems and technology; and agriculture economics and
rural communities. In FY 2011, AFRI is soliciting applications through seven
Requests for Applications (RFA). One RFA calls for research projects addressing
the above six priority areas. Additional RFAs further address AFRI priority
areas in five societal challenge areas. The five challenge area RFAs are:
Childhood Obesity Prevention; Climate Change; Food Safety; Global Food Security;
and Sustainable Bioenergy. These RFAs will support research, education, and
extension to achieve significant, measurable outcomes. NIFA will also release a
single, separate NIFA Fellowships Grant Program RFA to fund pre- and
postdoctoral fellowship grants.



country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 19, 2011

Poultry industry gets grant from USDA to plant tree buffers

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 327  words


The Delmarva Poultry Industry Inc. Vegetative Environmental Buffers program to
grow trees and grasses around chicken houses has received a $200,000 shot in the
arm from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Natural Resources Conservation
Service.

Thanks to the leadership of the Maryland Department of Agriculture, which
submitted the funding application, this regional on-the-farm conservation
program will seek to have vegetative buffers planted on 50 Delmarva Peninsula
chicken farms in the Chesapeake Bay Watershed in the coming 12 months.

Funding is being provided by the USDA's Cooperative Conservation Partnership
Initiative. The initiative will help accelerate voluntary farm conservation
efforts toward an improved Chesapeake Bay and its tributaries.

Interested growers should contact their local NRCS office by Friday, July 29.

Over the last half-dozen years, DPI, the regional chicken industry trade
association, has worked with growers to install buffers to intercept ammonia and
particulate emissions from chicken houses, reduce associated odors, and improve
water quality.

More than 250,000 trees have been planted around chicken houses.

This new NRCS funding will be shared among chicken growers in Maryland,
Delaware, and Virginia.

The money will be used to purchase and install trees, grasses, and irrigation
systems. DPI's buffers coordinator Jim Passwa-ters, without charge to chicken
growers, will work with growers and local NRCS personnel on designing
farm-specific buffers and walking growers through the grant process.

This NRCS money supplements previous NRCS, county conservation district,
American Forests, and United Soybean Board dollars to assist chicken growers
with the installation of buffers.

This new initiative takes on added importance as vegetative environmental
buffers are included in the three states' Watershed Implementation Plans through
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Chesapeake Bay Total Maximum Daily
Load mandate.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2011 Cape Gazette


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sentinel (Carlisle, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

Rural Development provides funding for Newville police equipment

BYLINE: The Sentinel, Carlisle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 236 words


July 14--The United States Department of Agriculture is providing the Borough of
Newville with funding for new police equipment. This funding comes from the
Rural Development branch of the USDA.

"USDA Rural Development is proud to provide loans and grants for police
equipment for communities like Newville," said Rural Development State Director
Tom Williams. "Funding projects such as this one ensures that the law
enforcement of the area will be able to respond to all types of emergency calls
quickly and efficiently."

The funding for the project comes from a USDA Rural Development Community
Facility Loan of $32,500 and a Rural Development Community Facility Grant of
$17,500. Rural Development funds will be used to purchase a new AWD Police
Interceptor, seven Harris portable radios and two commercial truck scales. An
applicant contribution of $6,022 puts the total project cost at $56,022.

In Pennsylvania last year, the USDA Community Facility Program invested over
$199 million in rural Pennsylvania through 58 community facilities loans and
grants. Community Facilities programs help build, expand, rehabilitate,
purchase, and support the development of police and emergency fire stations and
equipment, museums, child care centers, hospitals, clinics, schools and more.

___ (c)2016 The Sentinel (Carlisle, Pa.) Visit The Sentinel (Carlisle, Pa.) at
www.cumberlink.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160714-JV-Rural-Development-provides-funding
-for-Newville-police-equipment-0714-20160714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JV


                          Copyright 2016 The Sentinel


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 3, 2015 Wednesday

Arkansas: Webinar to Assist Potential Applicants for Conservation Funding

LENGTH: 331  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department has issued the following news release:

An upcoming webinar on the Regional Conservation Partnership Program (RCPP) will
help potential applicants as they seek available funding. During the current
round, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) will invest up to $235
million to improve the nation's water quality, combat drought, enhance soil
health, support wildlife habitat and protect agricultural production. Partners
will match the Federal investment.

"This webinar is a great opportunity to directly engage with our partners," said
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "Our goal is to leverage available Federal
funding and produce more high-performing on-the-ground conservation solutions."

USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) will host the webinar, open
to both conservation partners and the general public, on Thursday, June 4, 2015
from 2 p.m. to 3:30 p.m. EST. To join the webinar, visit
https://usdanrcs.adobeconnect.com/r75qxphcya9/This is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.. Login to Adobe Connect using the Guest option and enter your name.

NRCS recently simplified the application process by creating new online tools: a
pre-proposal fillable form, RCPP pre-application data entry tool and
pre-proposal data entry tool instructions. These tools support partners as they
fill out and submit their pre-proposal application.

RCPP empowers local leaders to work with multiple partners -- such as private
companies, local and tribal governments, universities, non-profit groups and
other non-government partners -- along with farmers, ranchers, and forest
landowners to design solutions that work best for their region. Local partners
and the federal government both invest funding and manpower to projects to
maximize their impact.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 10, 2015 Friday

WASHINGTON:USDA Awards Grants to Address Water Quality, Availability in
Agriculture Communities

LENGTH: 923  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) today announced 21 grants totaling more than $10 million have
been awarded to universities to support critical water problems in rural and
agricultural watersheds across the United States. The awards were made through
NIFA's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI) Water for Agriculture
challenge area and the National Integrated Water Quality Program.

"Water is our most precious resource, one that is essential for both human
survival and well-being and for our ability to grow our crops and livestock,"
said Sonny Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "By funding research, extension, and
education for citizens and the agriculture community, we are able to proactively
create solutions to water-related issues like drought and its impact on food
security."

The AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area was first introduced in fiscal
year (FY) 2014, and these grants represent the first year of funding for the
program. Funded projects link social, economic, and behavioral sciences with
traditional biophysical sciences and engineering to address regional scale
issues with shared hydrological processes, and meteorological and basin
characteristics. Fiscal year 2014 Water for Agriculture grants recipients are:

University of California, Riverside, Calif., $149,990
    Georgia College and State University, Milledgeville, Ga., $56,943
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $999,438
    Michigan State University, East Lansing, Mich., $900,000
    University of Missouri, Kansas City, Mo., $148,995
    University of Nevada, Reno, Nev., $500,000
    State University of New York's College of Environmental Science and
Forestry, Syracuse, N.Y., $128,511
    Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio, $49,968
    Clemson University, Clemson, S.C., $150,000
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $900,000
    West Texas A&M University, Canyon, Texas, $149,777
    University of Texas at El Paso, El Paso, Texas, $900,000
    Utah State University, Logan, Utah, $49,534
    University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisc., $900,000

This year's projects include the University of Nevada's Coordinated Agricultural
Program designed to increase research and participatory engagement with American
Indians and assess the impacts of climate change on future water supplies and
enhance the climate resiliency of tribal agriculture. Another project from
Clemson University will integrate remote sensing products and weather forecast
information for farmers and growers to address the best products, increase
agricultural drought indices, and develop an agricultural drought forecasting
model to provide near real-time feedback.

NIFA is expected to make $30 million available over the next five years for the
AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area, with the expectation that the new
projects awarded this fiscal year would receive additional funds (based on
available funding) if they achievement project objectives and milestones.

The FY 2015 request for applications for the AFRI Water for Agriculture
challenge was released on February 18, 2015. Applications are due July 16, 2015.

NIFA also funded projects through the National Integrated Water Quality Program
(NIWQP) for science-based decision making and management practices that improve
the quality and quantity of the Nation's water resources in agricultural, rural,
and urbanizing watersheds. Applicants were asked to develop the science behind
the most appropriate drought triggers and provide an understanding of the
connection between trigger levels and drought management responses or decisions;
or provide estimates of the economic value of water across different uses. The
approaches to estimating water values will reflect uncertainties associated with
future weather and climate conditions. Quantifying the value of water will
provide valuable signals to agricultural producers, rural communities, and
policy makers to aid decision-making for allocating agricultural water use
across consumptive or non-consumptive uses.

Fiscal Year 2014 NIWQP grant recipients are:

Colorado State University, Ft. Collins, Colo., $659,954
    University of Connecticut, Storrs, Conn., $750,000
    University of Florida, Gainesville, Fla., $659,676
    Indiana University, Bloomington, Ind., $659,839
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa, $660,000
    South Dakota State University, Brookings, S.D., $227,135
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $659,926

This year's projects include South Dakota State University's research to
identify drought triggers, develop mitigation plans, investigate socio-economic
factors associated with new technology adoption, and educate different age
groups of students about drought issues. The University of Tennessee will
execute a long-term plan to assist agricultural producers, policymakers, and
communities throughout the Southeastern United States as they adapt to water
scarcity by efficiently allocating water and adopting water-conserving practices
and technologies.

Find a complete list of this year's project descriptions on the NIFA Website.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future. For more information,
visit www.nifa.usda.gov.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 14, 2015 Saturday

WASHINGTON:Advisory: Committee Schedule for the Week of March 16, 2015

LENGTH: 686  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Senate Committee on Appropriations has issued the following press release:


The following is the hearing schedule for the Senate Committee on Appropriations
for the week of March 16, 2015.



TUESDAY, MARCH 17, 2015



AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, AND RELATED
AGENCIES SUBCOMMITTEE (Jerry Moran, Chairman)

Hearing to review the Fiscal Year 2016 funding request and budget justification
for the U.S. Department of Agriculture

10:00 a.m., Room 192, Dirksen Senate Office Building

Witnesses:



The Honorable Thomas Vilsack
Secretary
Department of Agriculture

Accompanied by:

Dr. Robert Johansson
Chief Economist
Department of Agriculture

Michael Young
Budget Officer
Department of Agriculture


MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS SUBCOMMITTEE (Mark Kirk, Chairman)

Hearing to review the Fiscal Year 2016 military construction and family housing
budget requests for the military departments

2:30 p.m., Room 124, Dirksen Senate Office Building

Witnesses:

Lieutenant General David D. Halverson, U.S. Army
Assistant Chief of Staff for Installation Management
       and Commander, U.S. Army Installation Management Command
Headquarters, Department of the Army

Erin M. Kern, SES
Director, Shore Readiness Division
Deputy CNO (Fleet Readiness and Logistics)
Office of the Chief of Naval Operations

David R. Clifton, SES
Deputy Assistant Deputy Commandant (Facilities, Installations and Logistics)
       and Deputy Commander, Marine Corps Installations Command
Headquarters, U.S. Marine Corps

Brigadier General Timothy S. Green, U.S. Air Force
Deputy Chief of Staff for Logistics, Installations and Mission Support
       and Air Force Director of Civil Engineers
Headquarters, U.S. Air Force


LEGISLATIVE BRANCH SUBCOMMITTEE (Shelley Moore Capito, Chairman)

Hearing to review the Fiscal Year 2016 budget request and funding justification
for the Library of Congress and the Architect of the Capitol

3:00 p.m., Room 138, Dirksen Senate Office Building

Witnesses:

            Dr. James Billington
            Librarian of Congress

            The Honorable Stephen T. Ayers
            Architect of the Capitol



WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 2015



INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES SUBCOMMITTEE (Lisa Murkowski,
Chairman)

Hearing to review the Fiscal Year 2016 funding request and budget justification
for the U.S. Forest Service

10:00 a.m., Room 124, Dirksen Senate Office Building

Witnesses:

Tom Tidwell
Chief
USDA Forest Service

Tony Dixon
Director
USDA Forest Service Strategic Planning, Budget and Accountability


TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES SUBCOMMITTEE
(Susan Collins, Chairman)

Hearing to review the Fiscal Year 2016 budget request and funding justification
for the U.S. Department of Transportation

10:00 a.m., Room 562, Dirksen Senate Office Building

Witness:

            The Honorable Anthony Foxx
            Secretary
            Department of Transportation


DEFENSE SUBCOMMITTEE (Thad Cochran, Chairman)

Hearing to review the Fiscal Year 2016 funding request and budget justification
for the U.S. Missile Defense Agency

10:30 a.m., Room 192, Dirksen Senate Office Building

Witness:

Vice Admiral James D. Syring
Director
Missile Defense Agency



THURSDAY, MARCH 19, 2015



MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS SUBCOMMITTEE (Mark Kirk, Chairman)

Hearing to review the Fiscal Year 2016 and Fiscal Year 2017 budget request for
the Veterans Benefits Administration

10:30 a.m., Room 124, Dirksen Senate Office Building

Witness:

  The Honorable Allison A. Hickey
Under Secretary for Benefits
Veterans Benefits Administration

Accompanied by:

  James E. (Jamie) Manker, Jr.
Chief Financial Officer
Veterans Benefits Administration

  Thomas Murphy
Director, Compensation Service
Veterans Benefits Administration


HOMELAND SECURITY SUBCOMMITTEE (John Hoeven, Chairman)

Hearing to review the Fiscal Year 2016 funding request and budget justification
for the United States Secret Service

2:00 p.m., Room 138, Dirksen Senate Office Building

Witness:

            Joseph P. Clancy
            Director
            United States Secret Service

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                             July 13, 2006 Thursday

Changes in federal farm act are urged

BYLINE: By Jennifer McLain Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 466 words


ARCADIA - Ending hunger in the United States and protecting the country's food
supply against pests should be top priorities in developing the 2007 farm act,
speakers at a public hearing said Wednesday.

Some Los Angeles County employees said the act, with a $92 billion federal
budget, should include more funding for food stamps and nutrition education.

"This is not a cost; it's an investment," said A.G. Kawamura, secretary of the
California Department of Food and Agriculture. Kawamura led the two-hour public
hearing in Arcadia to discuss possible improvements to the Farm Security and
Rural Investment Act of 2002, which expires next year.

While the broad-based bill will cover such issues as conservation, agriculture,
energy solutions and rural development, many speakers at the hearing expressed
hope that the bill would improve nutrition education in schools and improve
programs, such as food stamps, that help subsidize meals to low-income families.

"I am in contact personally or over the telephone with at least 200 people a
year who are looking for food resources," said Frank Tamborello of Hunger Action
Los Angeles. "They are dealing with hunger. One of the highest priorities in the
farm bill should be ending hunger in the United States."

More than half of the bill's funding will be dedicated to nutrition and other
food programs, according to federal guidelines.

Judy Huffaker, a dietician for the Alhambra Unified School District, said for
the past five years the district has offered its students such programs as
cooking in the classrooms, gardening and a harvest of the month, where they
sample locally grown produce.

"There was an increase in students eating more vegetables and fruits," said
Huffaker, who suggested that the bill could offer more funding to such programs.

California, America's farming leader, produces more than $34 billion of
agriculture products in 2004, according to state figures. This brings with it
the responsibility of protecting fruit and vegetables from invasive species,
Kawamura said. He called pests "a national security threat," especially in Los
Angeles County.

"This is a battle ground," Kawamura said. "A lot of invasive species come
through these ports."

Robert Atkins, Los Angeles County deputy agricultural commissioner, said that
the San Gabriel Valley last fall saw the invasion of the Mediterranean fruit
fly. Another problem is Sudden Oak Death.

"These pests threaten our security and we would like to see more attention to
programs fighting this problem," said Steve Lyle, a California Department of
Food and Agriculture representative.

After the panel concludes its meetings in Fresno on Monday and in Sacramento on
Aug. 1, it will take the proposals to Washington, D.C., Kawamura said.

jennifer.mclain@sgvn.com

(626) 962-8811, Ext. 2477

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2014 Friday

New York: Governor Cuomo Announces $1.1 Million Federal Funding for Specialty
Crop Research, Safety and Promotion

LENGTH: 682  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of The Governor, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced $1.1 million in federal funding through
the U.S. Department of Agriculture to further the research, safety and promotion
of specialty crops in New York State.  The Specialty Crop Block Grant program,
administered by the New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets,
includes fruits and vegetables, dried fruits, hops, and nursery crops, and works
to enhance the competitiveness of New York farms by forming new partnerships to
create innovations in agriculture that benefit the state's economy.

"New York's agricultural sector offers a diverse array of specialty crops as
part of an already robust and thriving industry that has grown continually over
the past three years," Governor Cuomo said. "This $1.1 million will help local
farmers across the state expand and provide valuable information to benefit our
ever evolving agro-food industry, and spread the word on New York products
nationwide."

Funding is being provided through the Specialty Crops Competitiveness Act of
2004 (amended under the federal 2014 Farm Bill), which authorizes the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) to provide state assistance for specialty crop
competitiveness programs. The New York State Department of Agriculture and
Markets is soliciting proposals that solely enhance the competitiveness of
specialty crops and benefit the greatest number of beneficiaries in one of three
priority areas. These include research and grower education, food safety,
marketing and promotion.

Acting State Agriculture Commissioner Richard A. Ball said, "Farmers are some of
the greatest innovators in the entire world, but many of these innovations
cannot be brought to light without strong research behind them. As a farmer of
specialty crops, I know firsthand how invaluable the Specialty Crop Block Grant
program is in helping farmers enhance their operations."

United States Senator Kirsten Gillibrand said, "New York is home to many fruits
and vegetable farms that have historically been overlooked in federal farm
funding. Specialty crops face different opportunities, but also challenges. In
the 2014 Farm Bill, I secured additional funding for the Specialty Crop Block
Grant Program which will help farmers innovate new markets, seed varieties, pest
control techniques, and farming methods. Our New York farmers will now be able
to enhance the competitiveness of their crops and strengthen our agricultural
economy."

Congresswoman Nita Lowey said, "New York produces a wide variety of specialty
crops that not only support the economic growth of our rural communities but
also ensure that New Yorkers throughout our state have access to fresh, locally
grown fruits and vegetables that provide healthy and delicious options for a
well-balanced diet. As the Ranking Democrat on the House Appropriations
Committee, I will fight for the Specialty Crop Block Grant and other initiatives
that support our specialty crop farmers in New York."

Congressman Chris Gibson said, "As a member of the House Agriculture Committee,
I am proud to advocate for funding to support specialty crop research that
provides real benefits to New York orchards, fruit farms, and vegetable growers.
These operations are a major component of our economy and critical sources of
healthful, local food. Having fought to preserve research funding in the new
Farm Bill, I am grateful to the state Department of Agriculture and Markets for
connecting New York farmers to this important programming."

Congressman Sean Patrick Maloney said, "Delivering on a historic farm bill was
one of my top priorities because it gets results for the hardworking Hudson
Valley farmers who create thousands of local jobs, pump hundreds of millions
into our economy, and provide healthy fresh food for our schools and families.
After the last Congress jeopardized this important program, I'm proud we renewed
this investment in the farmers who drive the Hudson Valley economy."

For further information please visit: http://www.governor.ny.gov/

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 6, 2014

More funding available for crucial bee habitat

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 380  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture plans to provide $4 million in funding to
farmers and ranchers in North Dakota and four other Midwest states to help
improve the health of honey bee populations.

"North Dakota leads the nation in the production of honey," Sen. John Hoeven,
R-N.D., said in a prepared statement. "Honey bees are crucial to the agriculture
industry, and this program will help to improve the health of these important
pollinators in North Dakota and the Midwest."

As a member Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, Hoeven continues
to work to secure funds that protect pollinator health through research and
programs for farmers and ranchers, according to Hoeven's office.

The other states in which the funding will be available are South Dakota,
Minnesota, Michigan and Wisconsin. The goal is to assist producers in
implementing practices to provide honey bees with safe and diverse food sources.
The funding builds on a $3 million pilot investment that USDA announced earlier
this year.

Applications for funding, which will be provided to farmers and ranchers through
the Natural Resources Conservation Service's (NRCS) Environmental Quality
Incentives Program (EQIP), are due Friday, Nov. 21.

For decades, the honey bee population has been on the decline. Since 2006,
beekeepers have been reporting startlingly high hive losses from 30 to 90
percent, which experts attribute to Colony Collapse Disorder (CCD). The new
funds will be used to apply new knowledge on CCD.

"We cannot protect our nation's food supply without first taking care of our
honey bees, which pollinate more than 130 fruits and vegetables," said Sen.
Heitkamp. D-N.D.

"As the nation's top commercial pollinator state, North Dakota sends an army of
honey bees to the East and West coasts each year to pollinate American staples
like apples, almonds and blueberries. That's why I wrote an amendment in this
year's Farm Bill to strengthen conservation efforts that give honey bees the
high-quality habitats they need to keep producing crops that keep our bodies -
and our economy - healthy. Today's federal funding will keep those efforts
moving so that our farmers and ranchers across the Midwest will have the tools
they need to protect our honey bees and our crops for generations to come."

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Golden Valley News


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Nevada: USDA Provides Aid to 73,000 Rural Californians Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced USDA is providing $9.7 million
in emergency water assistance to 73,000 residents in 11 California counties
experiencing the driest year on record.

"This drought is devastating those who live, work and raise their families in
much of rural California," Vilsack said. "It is threatening the survival of
whole communities and livelihoods of folks throughout the state. From Siskiyou
County in the north to Kern County in the south, this disaster is crippling
communities up and down the 600-mile spine of California.

"The emergency water grants we are announcing today are triple the amount we
committed to when President Obama and I visited the state earlier this year,"
Vilsack added. "I am proud of the work USDA Rural Development staff in
California and Washington, D.C., have done to get this funding to those in need
and the work they have done with municipal leaders in these rural communities to
help residents, businesses and agricultural producers."

Extreme weather, such as the intense drought occurring in the western United
States, is putting a strain on water supplies. The Obama Administration is
committed to increasing investments in the nation's water infrastructure to
mitigate the impact of climate change and to ensure that all Americans have
adequate, safe and reliable water supplies. The National Climate Assessment
released earlier this year illustrates the impact of climate change across the
country.

This announcement is part of broader Obama Administration efforts to help those
impacted by the drought. Through the National Drought Resilience Partnership,
launched as part of President Obama's Climate Action Plan, federal agencies are
working closely with states, local governments, agriculture and other partners
on a coordinated response.

The 25 rural California communities are being helped by funding provided through
USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program. This program
helps rural communities that have experienced a significant decline in the
quantity or quality of drinking water due to an emergency. In January, USDA
streamlined the program's application process to expedite emergency water
assistance to communities in need, particularly in drought-impacted areas.

In addition to support from the ECWAG program, USDA is helping rural communities
meet their water needs through Water and Waste Disposal loans and grants and
Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households (SEARCH)
grants. USDA Rural Development has also approved grant funding to establish a
revolving fund to provide low-interest loans to rural homeowners for household
water wells.

For example, the small community of Cameron Creek Colony in Tulare County is
struggling due to severe drought. About 10 percent of its residents have no
access to water because their wells have run dry. Others have only intermittent
access.

The city of Farmersville, Calif., is receiving a $500,000 ECWAG grant to
construct pipelines connecting Cameron Creek Colony to the Farmersville water
main and linking residents to the water system. This will provide much-needed
relief throughout the community.

The grants announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the grant agreement.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has invested
more than $310 million to help 345,000 rural Californians receive improved water
or wastewater services.

As California suffers through this drought, the Administration has taken action
to help those struggling to cope with the hardships it has caused, including:

Designated 57 counties as disaster areas, making farmers and ranchers eligible
for emergency loans.
    Targeted $25 million from the Environmental Quality Incentives Program to
help farmers and ranchers implement conservation practices to conserve water,
protect fields from erosion and improve access to water for livestock.
    Invested $5 million in emergency watershed protection.
    Provided $7.6 million to livestock producers through the cost-sharing
Emergency Conservation Program.
    Invested $750,000 to reduce aquatic weeds clogging irrigation screens, pumps
and canals in the Sacramento and San Joaquin River delta.
    Set aside $3.3 million of a $30 million national investment to mitigate
wildfire threats, protect water resources and provide habitat for at-risk
species.
    Made continuing research investments in water conservation and use
efficiency, as well as capacity grants for the University of California's
Institute for Water Resources.
    Established a network of climate hubs, including a sub-hub in Davis, for
risk adaptation and mitigation to climate change.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Provides Aid to 73,000 Rural Californians Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced USDA is providing $9.7 million
in emergency water assistance to 73,000 residents in 11 California counties
experiencing the driest year on record.

"This drought is devastating those who live, work and raise their families in
much of rural California," Vilsack said. "It is threatening the survival of
whole communities and livelihoods of folks throughout the state. From Siskiyou
County in the north to Kern County in the south, this disaster is crippling
communities up and down the 600-mile spine of California.

"The emergency water grants we are announcing today are triple the amount we
committed to when President Obama and I visited the state earlier this year,"
Vilsack added. "I am proud of the work USDA Rural Development staff in
California and Washington, D.C., have done to get this funding to those in need
and the work they have done with municipal leaders in these rural communities to
help residents, businesses and agricultural producers."

Extreme weather, such as the intense drought occurring in the western United
States, is putting a strain on water supplies. The Obama Administration is
committed to increasing investments in the nation's water infrastructure to
mitigate the impact of climate change and to ensure that all Americans have
adequate, safe and reliable water supplies. The National Climate Assessment
released earlier this year illustrates the impact of climate change across the
country.

This announcement is part of broader Obama Administration efforts to help those
impacted by the drought. Through the National Drought Resilience Partnership,
launched as part of President Obama's Climate Action Plan, federal agencies are
working closely with states, local governments, agriculture and other partners
on a coordinated response.

The 25 rural California communities are being helped by funding provided through
USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program. This program
helps rural communities that have experienced a significant decline in the
quantity or quality of drinking water due to an emergency. In January, USDA
streamlined the program's application process to expedite emergency water
assistance to communities in need, particularly in drought-impacted areas.

In addition to support from the ECWAG program, USDA is helping rural communities
meet their water needs through Water and Waste Disposal loans and grants and
Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households (SEARCH)
grants. USDA Rural Development has also approved grant funding to establish a
revolving fund to provide low-interest loans to rural homeowners for household
water wells.

For example, the small community of Cameron Creek Colony in Tulare County is
struggling due to severe drought. About 10 percent of its residents have no
access to water because their wells have run dry. Others have only intermittent
access.

The city of Farmersville, Calif., is receiving a $500,000 ECWAG grant to
construct pipelines connecting Cameron Creek Colony to the Farmersville water
main and linking residents to the water system. This will provide much-needed
relief throughout the community.

The grants announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the grant agreement.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has invested
more than $310 million to help 345,000 rural Californians receive improved water
or wastewater services.

As California suffers through this drought, the Administration has taken action
to help those struggling to cope with the hardships it has caused, including:

Designated 57 counties as disaster areas, making farmers and ranchers eligible
for emergency loans.
    Targeted $25 million from the Environmental Quality Incentives Program to
help farmers and ranchers implement conservation practices to conserve water,
protect fields from erosion and improve access to water for livestock.
    Invested $5 million in emergency watershed protection.
    Provided $7.6 million to livestock producers through the cost-sharing
Emergency Conservation Program.
    Invested $750,000 to reduce aquatic weeds clogging irrigation screens, pumps
and canals in the Sacramento and San Joaquin River delta.
    Set aside $3.3 million of a $30 million national investment to mitigate
wildfire threats, protect water resources and provide habitat for at-risk
species.
    Made continuing research investments in water conservation and use
efficiency, as well as capacity grants for the University of California's
Institute for Water Resources.
    Established a network of climate hubs, including a sub-hub in Davis, for
risk adaptation and mitigation to climate change.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Chatfield News (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 23, 2015

Put your innovative farming ideas to the test with grant application

BYLINE: The Chatfield News staff

LENGTH: 311  words


The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) announces a new round of funding
for the Sustainable Agriculture Demonstration Grant Program.

This 25-year-old program provides small grants to test ideas that could conserve
natural resources, enhance profitability, and improve life on the farm. Nearly
$250,000 is available and applications are due in December.

"Farmers are great innovators and always looking for ways to do things better,
but sometimes the risk of trying something new acts as a barrier," said MDA
program administrator Julie LaClair. "These grants make it possible for farmers
to test out an idea before adopting it whole hog."

Outside reviewers rank and recommend projects for funding. Applications from
farmers receive priority, but the program also funds Minnesota nonprofit and
educational organizations as long as Minnesota farmers are meaningfully involved
in the project.

Projects can last up to three years, and applicants may receive up to $25,000
for their projects, although many request less. Grantees must be willing to
share what they learn with others.

Current and past grant projects are highlighted in the Greenbook:
www.mda.state.mn.us/greenbook. They have included: Farm diversification using
traditional and non-traditional crops and livestock

Cover crops and crop rotations

Conservation tillage

Alternative livestock housing

Input reduction strategies, including nutrient and pesticide management

On-farm energy production, such as wind, methane, or biomass

Developing/refining marketing opportunities, season extension, and post-harvest
storage and handling Other creative ideas that focus on conservation, energy,
profitability and/or farmers' quality of life.

The deadline to apply is Tuesday, Dec. 15. More information and application
materials are available at: www.mda.state.mn.us/grants/grants/demogrant.aspx or
by calling 651-201-6012.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHA

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 The Chatfield News


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces $18.9 Million to Improve Research Facilities at 1890
Historically Black Land-Grant Colleges and Universities

LENGTH: 893  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) today announced $18.9 million in renewal awards to build or
improve agricultural and food science research facilities and equipment at
historically black Land-Grant Colleges and Universities. Today's announcement
builds on USDA's ongoing efforts to foster strong partnerships with the 1890
community, ensure equal access to USDA programs and services, and support
educational opportunities for the next generation of farmers and ranchers.





 "These awards help colleges and universities make improvements that support
cutting-edge academic research and foster 21st century innovation that will
shape the future of American agriculture," said Dr. Joe Leonard, Jr., USDA
Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, who today announced the awards during a
visit to North Carolina A&T University. "For more than a century USDA has built
strong partnerships with historically black colleges and 1890 Land-Grant
Universities, and the 1890 Facilities Grant Program ensures that partnership
will continue to benefit students for many more years to come."



 The awards announced today are made through the 1890s Facilities Grants
program, which provides funding for the acquisition and improvement of food,
agricultural, and human sciences facilities and equipment, including libraries,
so that the 1890 land-grant institutions, including Tuskegee University, may
participate fully in the production of human capital in the food and
agricultural sciences.



 North Carolina A&T is receiving an award of $1.12 million, which will be used
to construct a Complex for Urban and Sustainable Agriculture, Food, Education
and Research (C-U-SAFER) building and to establish a student farm. The complex
and farm will provide students opportunities for multi-disciplinary projects, as
well as help the school leverage extramural support from outside organizations
with an interest in sustainable agriculture, local and community food systems.



 Funding awards for 2016 include:



     Alabama A&M University, Huntsville, Ala., $952,989

     Tuskegee University, Tuskegee, Ala., $952,989

     University of Arkansas-Pine Bluff, Pine Bluff., Ark., $904,537

     Delaware State University, Dover, Del., $700,649

     Florida A&M University, Tallahassee, Fla., $917,871

     Fort Valley State University, Fort Valley, Ga., $1,003,446

     Southern University, Baton Rouge, La., $839,111

     Kentucky State University, Frankfort, Ky., $1,085,670

     University of Maryland Eastern Shore, Princess Anne, Md., $806,685

     Lincoln University, Jefferson City, Mo., $1,185,476

     Alcorn State University, Lorman, Miss., $885,952

     North Carolina A&T State University, Greensboro, N.C., $1,120,427

     Central State University, Wilberforce, Ohio, $1,299,243

     Langston University, Langston, Okla., $991,763

     South Carolina State University, Orangeburg, S.C., $873,535

     Prairie View A&M University, Prairie View, Texas, $1,510,894

     Tennessee State University Nashville, Tenn., $1,089,527

     Virginia State University, Petersburg, Va., $993,968

     West Virginia State University, Morgantown, W. Va., $826,068



 Abstracts for the 2016 funded projects can be viewed on NIFA's reporting
website.



 Previously funded projects include a Tennessee State University project that
constructed a 25,000 square-foot Agricultural Biotechnology BuildingThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website.. It contains more than 12 state-of-the-art labs for
cutting-edge research. Prairie View A&M University is currently upgrading their
International Goat Research CenterThis is an external link or third-party site
outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to better
support animal and veterinary sciences research, teaching, and outreach programs
in animal health. The renovations and supporting equipment will assist in
developing a Center of Excellence in Caprine Research, providing agriculture
students with experiential learning opportunities and facilitating delivery of
programs to limited-resource farmers and ranchers.



 NIFA invests in and advances innovative and transformative initiatives to solve
societal challenges and ensure the long-term viability of agriculture. NIFA's
integrated research, education and extension programs support the best and
brightest scientists and extension personnel, and have resulted in user-inspired
groundbreaking discoveries that are combating childhood obesity, improving and
sustaining rural economic growth, addressing water availability issues,
increasing food production, finding new sources of energy, mitigating climate
variability and ensuring food safety. To learn more about NIFA's impact on
agricultural science visit www.nifa.usda.gov/impacts, sign up for email updates
or follow us on Twitter @usda_NIFAThis is an external link or third-party site
outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website.,
#NIFAimpactsThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website..





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: Agriculture Secretary Announces Funding to Strengthen Rural Businesses
and Cooperatives and Boost Economic Development in Rural Communities

LENGTH: 736  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the selection of 43
organizations in 27 states for grants and loans to help create jobs and boost
economic development activity in rural areas. The announcement culminates a week
in which the department has been highlighting products that are Made In Rural
America.

"Many rural businesses and organizations are succeeding but with access to
additional resources can create more jobs, promote growth and create an
environment where more products can be made in rural America," Vilsack said.
"The awards we are announcing today will not only provide funding, but they also
will provide the critical training and technical assistance rural cooperatives
and non-profit groups need to enhance the work they are doing to strengthen
America's Main Street businesses."

The funding is being provided through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program and the Intermediary Relending
Program. Vilsack announced $5.8 million in RCDG awards to 32 recipients, and
just over $7 million in loans to 11 recipients under USDA's Intermediary
Relending Program. Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of
the loan or grant agreement.

Rural Cooperative Development Grants are being awarded to non-profit groups and
higher education institutions. The recipients will use the funds to operate
centers to develop or expand rural businesses, especially cooperatives and
mutually-owned businesses. The funding can be used to conduct feasibility
studies, create and implement business plans, offer technical assistance,
establish low-interest loans, and help rural businesses develop new markets for
their products and services.

Today's announcement of RCDG recipients includes several who are developing new
opportunities for rural farmers and ranchers by capitalizing on the fast-growing
market for locally produced food.

For example, the Virginia Foundation for Agriculture, Innovation and Rural
Sustainability will receive a $200,000 technical assistance grant to help meat
processing cooperatives link producers with local and regional consumers.
Funding will also be used to provide education and training. The Cooperative
Network in Wisconsin is receiving a $200,000 grant to help establish
cooperatives focusing on health care, local foods and senior housing. Funds will
also be used to help Native American tribal members form a cooperative.

In North Carolina, the Rural Advancement Foundation International-USA will
receive a $200,000 grant to launch a program on agricultural cooperatives.
Funding will be used to provide technical assistance to groups in rural North
Carolina, South Carolina, northern Florida, and eastern Kentucky. Since fiscal
year 2009, USDA has awarded 200 RCDG grants for approximately $38.4 million that
have helped more than 2,500 businesses.

USDA's Intermediary Relending Program helps capitalize loan funds to alleviate
poverty and increase economic activity and create jobs in rural communities.
Loans are provided to local organizations that establish revolving loan funds.

For example, the Vermont Community Loan Fund, in Montpelier, will receive a $1
million loan to help 90 organizations and businesses create and retain nearly
900 jobs. The Nebraska Enterprise Fund will receive a $175,558 loan to help
businesses and non-profit organizations in Adams, Buffalo, Custer, Dawson, Hall,
Hamilton, Kearney, Keith, Lincoln, Merrick, Phelps, Sherman, Valley and York
counties in the south central region of the state. In South Dakota, the West
River Foundation will use a $750,000 loan to provide low-interest financing to
public and non-profit organizations. This is expected to create or save
approximately 100 jobs.

Since fiscal year 2009, USDA has awarded 281 IRP loans for approximately $140
million. These loans have helped more than 4,700 businesses.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Nevada: Agriculture Secretary Announces Funding to Strengthen Rural Businesses
and Cooperatives and Boost Economic Development in Rural Communities

LENGTH: 736  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the selection of 43
organizations in 27 states for grants and loans to help create jobs and boost
economic development activity in rural areas. The announcement culminates a week
in which the department has been highlighting products that are Made In Rural
America.

"Many rural businesses and organizations are succeeding but with access to
additional resources can create more jobs, promote growth and create an
environment where more products can be made in rural America," Vilsack said.
"The awards we are announcing today will not only provide funding, but they also
will provide the critical training and technical assistance rural cooperatives
and non-profit groups need to enhance the work they are doing to strengthen
America's Main Street businesses."

The funding is being provided through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Cooperative Development Grant (RCDG) program and the Intermediary Relending
Program. Vilsack announced $5.8 million in RCDG awards to 32 recipients, and
just over $7 million in loans to 11 recipients under USDA's Intermediary
Relending Program. Funding is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of
the loan or grant agreement.

Rural Cooperative Development Grants are being awarded to non-profit groups and
higher education institutions. The recipients will use the funds to operate
centers to develop or expand rural businesses, especially cooperatives and
mutually-owned businesses. The funding can be used to conduct feasibility
studies, create and implement business plans, offer technical assistance,
establish low-interest loans, and help rural businesses develop new markets for
their products and services.

Today's announcement of RCDG recipients includes several who are developing new
opportunities for rural farmers and ranchers by capitalizing on the fast-growing
market for locally produced food.

For example, the Virginia Foundation for Agriculture, Innovation and Rural
Sustainability will receive a $200,000 technical assistance grant to help meat
processing cooperatives link producers with local and regional consumers.
Funding will also be used to provide education and training. The Cooperative
Network in Wisconsin is receiving a $200,000 grant to help establish
cooperatives focusing on health care, local foods and senior housing. Funds will
also be used to help Native American tribal members form a cooperative.

In North Carolina, the Rural Advancement Foundation International-USA will
receive a $200,000 grant to launch a program on agricultural cooperatives.
Funding will be used to provide technical assistance to groups in rural North
Carolina, South Carolina, northern Florida, and eastern Kentucky. Since fiscal
year 2009, USDA has awarded 200 RCDG grants for approximately $38.4 million that
have helped more than 2,500 businesses.

USDA's Intermediary Relending Program helps capitalize loan funds to alleviate
poverty and increase economic activity and create jobs in rural communities.
Loans are provided to local organizations that establish revolving loan funds.

For example, the Vermont Community Loan Fund, in Montpelier, will receive a $1
million loan to help 90 organizations and businesses create and retain nearly
900 jobs. The Nebraska Enterprise Fund will receive a $175,558 loan to help
businesses and non-profit organizations in Adams, Buffalo, Custer, Dawson, Hall,
Hamilton, Kearney, Keith, Lincoln, Merrick, Phelps, Sherman, Valley and York
counties in the south central region of the state. In South Dakota, the West
River Foundation will use a $750,000 loan to provide low-interest financing to
public and non-profit organizations. This is expected to create or save
approximately 100 jobs.

Since fiscal year 2009, USDA has awarded 281 IRP loans for approximately $140
million. These loans have helped more than 4,700 businesses.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 21, 2014 Monday

Nevada: USDA Provides Aid to 73,000 Rural Californians Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 962  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced USDA is providing $9.7 million
in emergency water assistance to 73,000 residents in 11 California counties
experiencing the driest year on record.

"This drought is devastating those who live, work and raise their families in
much of rural California," Vilsack said. "It is threatening the survival of
whole communities and livelihoods of folks throughout the state. From Siskiyou
County in the north to Kern County in the south, this disaster is crippling
communities up and down the 600-mile spine of California.

"The emergency water grants we are announcing today are triple the amount we
committed to when President Obama and I visited the state earlier this year,"
Vilsack added. "I am proud of the work USDA Rural Development staff in
California and Washington, D.C., have done to get this funding to those in need
and the work they have done with municipal leaders in these rural communities to
help residents, businesses and agricultural producers."

Extreme weather, such as the intense drought occurring in the western United
States, is putting a strain on water supplies. The Obama Administration is
committed to increasing investments in the nation's water infrastructure to
mitigate the impact of climate change and to ensure that all Americans have
adequate, safe and reliable water supplies. The National Climate Assessment
released earlier this year illustrates the impact of climate change across the
country.

This announcement is part of broader Obama Administration efforts to help those
impacted by the drought. Through the National Drought Resilience Partnership,
launched as part of President Obama's Climate Action Plan, federal agencies are
working closely with states, local governments, agriculture and other partners
on a coordinated response.

The 25 rural California communities are being helped by funding provided through
USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program. This program
helps rural communities that have experienced a significant decline in the
quantity or quality of drinking water due to an emergency. In January, USDA
streamlined the program's application process to expedite emergency water
assistance to communities in need, particularly in drought-impacted areas.

In addition to support from the ECWAG program, USDA is helping rural communities
meet their water needs through Water and Waste Disposal loans and grants and
Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households (SEARCH)
grants. USDA Rural Development has also approved grant funding to establish a
revolving fund to provide low-interest loans to rural homeowners for household
water wells.

For example, the small community of Cameron Creek Colony in Tulare County is
struggling due to severe drought. About 10 percent of its residents have no
access to water because their wells have run dry. Others have only intermittent
access.

The city of Farmersville, Calif., is receiving a $500,000 ECWAG grant to
construct pipelines connecting Cameron Creek Colony to the Farmersville water
main and linking residents to the water system. This will provide much-needed
relief throughout the community.

The grants announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the grant agreement.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has invested
more than $310 million to help 345,000 rural Californians receive improved water
or wastewater services.

As California suffers through this drought, the Administration has taken action
to help those struggling to cope with the hardships it has caused, including:

Designated 57 counties as disaster areas, making farmers and ranchers eligible
for emergency loans.
    Targeted $25 million from the Environmental Quality Incentives Program to
help farmers and ranchers implement conservation practices to conserve water,
protect fields from erosion and improve access to water for livestock.
    Invested $5 million in emergency watershed protection.
    Provided $7.6 million to livestock producers through the cost-sharing
Emergency Conservation Program.
    Invested $750,000 to reduce aquatic weeds clogging irrigation screens, pumps
and canals in the Sacramento and San Joaquin River delta.
    Set aside $3.3 million of a $30 million national investment to mitigate
wildfire threats, protect water resources and provide habitat for at-risk
species.
    Made continuing research investments in water conservation and use
efficiency, as well as capacity grants for the University of California's
Institute for Water Resources.
    Established a network of climate hubs, including a sub-hub in Davis, for
risk adaptation and mitigation to climate change.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

#

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write to USDA, Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Office of
the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Stop
9410, Washington, DC 20250-9410, or call toll-free at (866) 632-9992 (English)
or (800) 877-8339 (TDD) or (866) 377-8642 (English Federal-relay) or (800)
845-6136 (Spanish Federal-relay)

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

               July 16, 1994, Saturday, WEEKLY: NATIONAL EDITION

U.S. option plan could help cut disaster support

BYLINE: Laurie Morse Financial Times of London

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 54

LENGTH: 747 words

DATELINE: Chicago, IL


The U.S. government and the Chicago Board of Trade are collaborating on a novel
market-based effort to reduce the cost of government support to farmers after
such crop disasters as floods and droughts.

The co-operation is a byproduct of a major overhaul in the U.S. federal crop
insurance program this year, but the resulting options contracts could find
favor with a variety of agribusinesses that need to manage risks associated with
volatile grain production levels in the U.S.

The CBT's futures and options pits already set the benchmarks for world prices
for wheat, corn and soyabeans. Those contracts offer producers, grain dealers
and food processors a kind of price insurance mechanism.

The new options, which are still in the design stage and have not been announced
publicly, will provide a means for hedging the size, rather than the price, of a
crop in specific areas. The contracts would pertain to U.S. crops, but analysts
say the concept could be applied anywhere in the world.

The ''area yield options contracts,'' as they are called, would work much like
similar price-based contracts. However, instead of selecting a strike price,
traders would select a strike yield for a particular crop in a particular area.
A holder of a call option for corn grown in the Midwest, for example, might
select a strike of 100 bushels an acre. If the actual yield, as assessed by the
U.S. Department of Agriculture after harvest, was greater than the strike, the
call holder would receive a cash payment. Conversely, a put holder would receive
payment if the crop was smaller than the chosen strike. The contracts would
mature at harvest and be settled in cash.

In essence, the options would be a production insurance mechanism, says Ann
Berg, a CBT director and a champion of the yield options concept. She expects a
wide variety of grain handlers, barge and rail companies, food processors and
bankers to use the product.

''There has been a long period of consolidation and integration in agribusiness,
which has created big companies with huge capital investments in storage
terminals, export houses and other facilities whose profitability depends
largely on the volume handled, and hence the crop size,'' she says. ''This could
help them manage that aspect of risk in their business.''

Berg expects the options contracts to be ready to trade sometime next year.

The USDA views the options as one way to attract more capital into the
reinsurance network that backs the government's vast crop insurance program for
farmers.

That program has been widely criticized for its lack of actuarial soundness, low
levels of farmer participation and high cost. For each of the past seven years,
Congress has voted additional disaster relief to farmers, trying to fill the
gaps left by the insurance system.

Last year, the U.S. paid out more than US$4 billion in disaster relief and crop
insurance to farmers following record floods in the Midwest. The money paid to
compensate farmers for crop losses represented one quarter of all federal
subsidies for wheat, rice, feed grains and cotton programs, including export
subsidies.

In an effort to manage the budget drain, Congress this month is expected to
approve a controversial overhaul of the crop insurance program.

Under the new system, farmers will be required to sign up for crop insurance so
as to qualify for government price supports. This, USDA experts say, will triple
the size of the insurance program and strain the nation's crop reinsurance
resources. Crop insurers' liabilities could rise to US$40 billion, from their
current coverage of US$13 billion, according to USDA data.

Joseph Glauber, principal economist in the USDA's Office of Economics, says the
insurance program is expanding just as reinsurance capacity is dwindling.
''We're worried there won't be enough capital,'' he says. ''The options markets
would allow some wholesale management of production risks and could bring in
other players.''

While innovative, the yield options concept is unproved, and may not attract any
more customers than the CBT's nearly moribund catastrophe insurance futures
contracts.

However, Richard Sandor, the derivatives wizard who helped invent financial
futures in Chicago, is enthusiastic about the idea. ''This will appeal to many
types of traders,'' he says. ''These will be the first contracts to bridge the
agricultural, insurance and capital markets,'' at the CBT.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 17, 2017 Tuesday

SAECP Secondary Agriculture Education Challenge Grant Program

LENGTH: 498  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
  Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    USDA-NIFA-SAECP-006187

 Funding Opportunity Title:    SAECP [#xfffd] Secondary Agriculture Education
Challenge Grant Program

 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:



 Funding Instrument Type:    Grant

 Category of Funding Activity:    Agriculture

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:

 CFDA Number(s):    10.226 -- Secondary and Two-Year Postsecondary Agriculture
Education Challenge Grants

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    Yes



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Jan 13, 2017

 Last Updated Date:    Jan 13, 2017

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    Mar 10, 2017

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    Mar 10, 2017

 Archive Date:    Apr 09, 2017

 Estimated Total Program Funding:    $858,500

 Award Ceiling:

 Award Floor:

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information
on Eligibility" for clarification)

 Additional Information on Eligibility:    Applications may only be submitted
by: (1) public secondary schools, (2) public or private nonprofit junior and
community colleges, (3) institutions of higher education, or (4) nonprofit
organizations (Attach IRS 501(c)(3) status under R&R 'Other Project Information'
Field 12 Other Attachments). Failure to meet an eligibility criterion by the
application deadline may result in the application being excluded from
consideration or, even though an application may be reviewed, will preclude NIFA
from making an award.

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    National Institute of Food and Agriculture

 Description:    The Secondary Education, Two-Year Postsecondary Education, and
Agriculture in the K-12 Classroom Challenge Grants (SPECA) program seeks to: (a)
promote and strengthen secondary education and two-year postsecondary education
in the food, agriculture, natural resources and human (FANH) sciences in order
to help ensure the existence in the United States of a qualified workforce to
serve the FANH sciences system; and (b) promote complementary and synergistic
linkages among secondary, two-year postsecondary, and higher education programs
in the FANH sciences in order to advance excellence in education and encourage
more young Americans to pursue and complete a baccalaureate or higher degree in
the FANH sciences.

 Link to Additional Information:    Secondary Education, Two-Year Postsecondary
Education, and Agriculture in the K-12 Classroom Challenge Grants Program
(SPECA)

 Grantor Contact Information:    If you have difficulty accessing the full
announcement electronically, please contact:



 NIFA Help Desk Phone: 202-401-5048 Business hours are M-F, 7:00 am -5:00 pm ET,
excluding Federal holidays



 If you have any questions related to preparing application content
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Ivanhoe Times (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 10, 2015

Grants available through MDA that add value to agriculture

BYLINE: Ivanhoe Times staff

LENGTH: 284  words


MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) recently announced
funding for projects to help farmers, producers and processors add value to
their operations and the state agricultural economy.

Funding for the grants was established by the Minnesota legislature to advance
the state's agricultural and renewable energy industries. Applicants have
several options to boost their businesses with a portion of the $1 million
available through the Value Added grants.

Grant recipients will be able to start, expand or update livestock product
processing;

Purchase equipment to start, upgrade or modernize a business;

Increase on-farm food safety;

Increase processing and aggregating capacity to sell to schools, hospitals or
others;

And Increase the use and processing of Minnesota agricultural products.

Eligible applicants must be involved in production, processing or marketing
Minnesota agricultural products. Farmers, agricultural businesses, agricultural
cooperatives or local government entities operating farmers markets or food hubs
are eligible.

"We have seen a 10 percent increase in our sales to date and we're expecting
that to double in six months, thanks to the project completed with the grant
money," said grant recipient Cody Koebke of Ody's Country Meats and Catering.

The grant reimburses up to 25 percent of the total project cost with a minimum
award of $150,000 and a minimum of $1,000. Equipment purchases and facility
improvements are eligible.

Applications must be received no later than 4 p.m. on Tuesday, October 6, 2015.
Apply online at www.mda.state.mn.us/valueadded.aspx or submit an application by
e-mail, or in person. Another application round is scheduled for early 2016.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IVN

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2015 Ivanhoe Times


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 26, 2015

Research grant applications due June 4

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 236  words


About $326,000 in federal funding is now available for projects to help produce,
market or access Delaware-grown fruit, vegetables and certain other crops.

The Delaware Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for the
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program through June 4.

The program, funded through the federal farm bill, covers products known as
specialty crops, including fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture.

Projects may run for one to three years, with funding available between $5,000
and $50,000 per project.

Applications must be submitted by agricultural producers, nonprofit
organizations, government entities, for-profit companies or educational"
institutions based in Delaware or with a business or educational affiliation
here. Funding cannot be used for field crops, such as corn and soybeans, or
animal agriculture.

Past Delaware projects have included research on heat-tolerant lima bean
varieties, work to improve sales of local produce in Wilmington, expanding a
community-supported agriculture program, research on blueberry varieties, and
advertising to promote locally run farm stands.

Applications are available at de.gov/scbg, or from DDA marketing specialist
JoAnn Walston at 302-698-4592 or joann. walston@state.de.us

Applications must be received by 4:30 p.m. June 4. A review team will rank
applications for a final decision.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2015 Cape Gazette


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The New Era

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 22, 2009

Trapper position gets county funding

BYLINE: Sean C. Morgan

LENGTH: 557  words


The Linn County Board of Commissioners has agreed to provide nearly $50,000
toward the cost of funding a trapper for predator control in Linn County for the
next year.

On June 17, the board approved the expenditure with the caveat that the county
will want to cut its funding to $20,000 next year and other funding sources will
need to be tapped, Commissioner Will Tucker said.

A task force was created after a June meeting of the Linn County Livestock
Association to figure out how to fund the position, funded at some $38,900 by
the county last year and proposed to be cut by $18,900 this year.

Federal funding through the U.S. Department of Agriculture continued this year,
but the state Department of Agriculture is cutting its predator eradication
budget by 75 percent, and the state Department of Fish and Wildlife cut the same
item by 33 percent for a total of $8,200 in reductions for the Linn County
trapper.

The Livestock Association offered $5,000 to help fill the funding gap this year,
Tucker said, but the board wants to use that as seed money to seek other avenues
of funding.

The county's initial contribution for the county trapper was $5,000 but as
funding for the position started becoming tighter over the years, that has
increased to $49,000 this year.

The county kept putting more and more cash into the program, he said, and then
it needed to make cuts.

Tucker commended his fellow commissioners, Roger Nyquist and John Lindsey for
bringing it back up for consideration and funding the program, giving it one
more year to find new funding sources.

Nyquist suggested using the Livestock Association's contribution this year as
seed money to find long-term funding, Tucker said.

"The federal program has been great," Tucker said. "The frustration is how to
pay for it."

Farmers say that coyotes have become a serious problem, rising to an all-time
high over the past five years.

"It used to be you'd never see a coyote, not in the daytime," said Roger
Ruckert, a Tangent-area farmer who runs sheep on his fields where he's not
growing a crop of grass or wheat. "I had to move over 1,200 lambs near the city
limits of Tangent because they were getting nailed so bad."

Farmers say guard animals such as dogs, llamas and donkeys can protect sheep,
but the problems occur around the perimeter of the fields where the guard
animals are not always present.

Tucker, who lives north of Lebanon in the Lacomb area, has lost two calves this
year to cougars and said he quit raising sheep because of coyote problems.

He said he has lost as many as 30 lambs in a single year.

According to the most recent figures he has available, since July 1, 2008 the
trapper has eradicated 99 coyotes and seven cougars in Linn County, said Dave
Williams, state director for the U.S. Department of Agriculture Animal and Plant
Inspection Wildlife Services Program.

He said that $27,000 worth of livestock losses to predators have been reported
in Linn County since last July 1 "but that's just a fraction." He said that a
lot of losses are never reported and it's hard to determine how much loss is
prevented by having a trapper remove a predator.

"Someone calls us up and they're losing a few lambs every night. We go in there
and selectively work on the coyote or cougar that's causing that damage," he
said. "It's hard to estimate what further damage might occur."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NOR

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2009 The New Era


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Weiser Signal American (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 7, 2011

Funding targeted for sage-grouse habitat protection

BYLINE: Weiser Signal American staff

LENGTH: 403  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) will provide approximately $18.2 million in additional
financial assistance to help eligible ranchers in Idaho, Utah, Wyoming conserve
critical sage-grouse habitats through the Grassland Reserve Program (GRP).

"USDA and its partners are taking a proactive approach to maintaining large and
intact grazing lands that support healthy sage-grouse populations," Vilsack
said. "GRP will provide these states with another tool to conserve this at-risk
species and also protect important ranch lands."

The USDA has allotted $5.5 million to Idaho, $2.3 million to Utah, and another
$10.4 million to Wyoming for assistance at the local level.

GRP, a voluntary program, allows ranchers and farmers to limit future
development of the land while retaining the right for landowners to conduct
common grazing practices and operations using rental contracts and conservation
easements. USDA directs financial resources and technical expertise to help
landowners protect and restore these lands. USDA's Natural Resources
Conservation Service and Farm Service Agency administer GRP.

For the first time this fiscal year. USDA will be dedicating a portion of GRP
funding solely to protect sage-grouse habitat. This announcement means that GRP
is now formally included among the conservation programs used for USDA's
Sage-Grouse Initiative (SGI).

Launched in 2010, SGI has become an extremely successful effort in the West by
targeting funding toward the removal of threats in the most important places
where sage-grouse numbers remain high.

Eligible ranchers in Idaho. Utah and Wyoming can use this funding to maintain
large and intact sagebrush grazing lands, which allows sage-grouse populations
to thrive.

In addition to the GRP funds announced today, USDA provided $53 million earlier
this fiscal year to eligible ranchers through conservation programs, including
the Farm and Ranch Lands Protection Program. Wetlands Reserve Program,
Environmental Quality Incentives Program and the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program.

Using these programs ranchers are implementing conservation practices that
conserve grasslands that benefit sage-grouse in 11 states: California, Colorado,
Idaho, Montana. Nevada, North Dakota, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah. Washington and
Wyoming.

For information about NRCS conservation programs, please visit nrcs. usda. go
v/programs.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEI

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2011 Weiser Signal American


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                            January 13, 2014 Monday

PSF to organize Project Formulation Workshops to enhance research

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 13

LENGTH: 341  words


Pakistan Science Foundation (PSF) under Natural Sciences Linkage Programme
(NSLP) will organize a series of Project Formulation Workshops soon to enhance
the capacity building of researchers across the country.

PSF is working for the promotion of Science and Technology in the country and
the workshops are aimed to train the researchers in good proposal writing,
create awareness about PSF/NSLP funding process and procedures and encourage
scientists to prepare need based research proposal within the NSLP priority
areas, an official of PSF told.

"Workshops will aid in raising the skills of researchers about formulating
research proposals before submitting to PSF and elevating standards of research
in the country".

There is huge potential for agriculture production, he said, adding by properly
guiding the researchers through these workshops, will bring a positive economic
impact on the area.

Ministry of Science and Technology (MoST) and the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), Foreign Agricultural Service (FAS) signed a Memorandum of
Understanding (MoU) in November 2002 for cooperation in the field of Natural
Sciences.  Under the MoU, an Endowment Fund "Natural Sciences Linkage Programme"
(NSLP), was established for research funding and mutual cooperation in the field
of Natural Science.

The handling of the NSLP Endowment funds was assigned to PSF, from the sale
proceeds of agricultural commodities imported under PLc480 & 416(b) programme.

A sum of Rs.498.910 million was granted to PSF through the Ministry of Finance
and by adding the initial profit earned, the Endowment Fund was created with an
amount of Rs.500 million in 2007.

Official said PSF is using the profit earned on the Endowment Fund for funding
of research projects in agriculture and related sciences for sustainable
agricultural production with emphasis on enhanced benefits to the producers.

"The research projects are processed as per the set procedure of PSF, with
technical recommendations of two Pakistani experts and a US expert through the
USDA".

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

Subcommittee Examines the United States' Ability to Respond to Possible
Introduction of Foot and Mouth Disease

LENGTH: 598 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Des Moines: American Association of Swine Veterinarians, The State of Iowa has
issued the following news release:



  Rep. David Rouzer (NC-7), Chairman of the House Agriculture Livestock and
Foreign Agriculture Subcommittee, held a hearing to examine the preparedness of
the United States in the event of the introduction of foot and mouth disease
(FMD) into the country. Members heard from a panel of witnesses who shared what
steps have been taken and what still needs to be done to achieve the objective
of establishing a vaccine stockpile deployable within 24 hours of an outbreak.
This hearing is a continuation of the committee's series highlighting the
importance of agriculture to national security. [Source:

http://agriculture.house.gov/calendar/eventsingle.aspx?EventID=3123 House
Agriculture Livestock and Foreign Agriculture Subcommittee News Release,
February 11, 2016]



 FMD is a highly contagious viral disease that causes illness in cows, pigs,
sheep, goats, deer, and other animals with cloven hooves. The first goal is to
keep FMD out of the United States through monitoring and surveillance
activities. However, if an FMD outbreak were to occur, several strategies are
available for responding to the outbreak including the use of vaccine.
Currently, the amount of vaccine available at the North American FMD Vaccine
Bank is below what would be required for an outbreak. The funding USDA has and
is receiving for the National Veterinary Stockpile (NVS) is insufficient to
provide adequate FMD vaccine stockpiles, which would slow the deployment of a
vaccination strategy. Several funding options are under consideration and were
discussed in today's hearing.



 "The last case of Foot and Mouth Disease in the U.S. was in 1929, which
exemplifies how dedicated we have been as an industry to eradicating this
catastrophic virus from our country. Even though we do not have FMD here in the
U.S., it still occurs in many parts of the world. The USDA, along with its state
and industry partners has done a great deal of work to ensure this
fast-spreading disease has not come to our shores. FMD would be extremely
detrimental to our livestock industry if it were to be introduced into the U.S.
and those economic effects would be felt far beyond animal agriculture. I am
encouraged by the amount of work government and industry are doing cooperatively
to prevent FMD being introduced, and appreciate everyone's willingness to
explore options to ensure we have an adequate vaccine stockpile should we ever
have to face this viral disease. Thank you to all of our witnesses for sharing
with us your expertise on the progress that has been made and sharing
improvements that can be explored to better defend against this virus," said
Subcommittee Chairman Rouzer.



 "Our nation's security depends on our ability to ensure our agriculture
industry is safe from threats to animal and plant health. It is essential we
have all of the plans and infrastructure in place so we can be suitably prepared
against intentional or unintentional introduction of plant or animal pests and
disease. FMD is one of those threats and today we heard about our existing
preparation, as well as what can still be done to ensure our farmers and
ranchers have the proper tools in place to maintain the safety of our industry
so they can continue producing food and fiber to meet the nutritional needs of
our nation and world," said Agriculture Committee Chairman K. Michael Conaway.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

Subcommittee Examines the United States' Ability to Respond to Possible
Introduction of Foot and Mouth Disease

LENGTH: 598 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Des Moines: American Association of Swine Veterinarians, The State of Iowa has
issued the following news release:



  Rep. David Rouzer (NC-7), Chairman of the House Agriculture Livestock and
Foreign Agriculture Subcommittee, held a hearing to examine the preparedness of
the United States in the event of the introduction of foot and mouth disease
(FMD) into the country. Members heard from a panel of witnesses who shared what
steps have been taken and what still needs to be done to achieve the objective
of establishing a vaccine stockpile deployable within 24 hours of an outbreak.
This hearing is a continuation of the committee's series highlighting the
importance of agriculture to national security. [Source:

http://agriculture.house.gov/calendar/eventsingle.aspx?EventID=3123 House
Agriculture Livestock and Foreign Agriculture Subcommittee News Release,
February 11, 2016]



 FMD is a highly contagious viral disease that causes illness in cows, pigs,
sheep, goats, deer, and other animals with cloven hooves. The first goal is to
keep FMD out of the United States through monitoring and surveillance
activities. However, if an FMD outbreak were to occur, several strategies are
available for responding to the outbreak including the use of vaccine.
Currently, the amount of vaccine available at the North American FMD Vaccine
Bank is below what would be required for an outbreak. The funding USDA has and
is receiving for the National Veterinary Stockpile (NVS) is insufficient to
provide adequate FMD vaccine stockpiles, which would slow the deployment of a
vaccination strategy. Several funding options are under consideration and were
discussed in today's hearing.



 "The last case of Foot and Mouth Disease in the U.S. was in 1929, which
exemplifies how dedicated we have been as an industry to eradicating this
catastrophic virus from our country. Even though we do not have FMD here in the
U.S., it still occurs in many parts of the world. The USDA, along with its state
and industry partners has done a great deal of work to ensure this
fast-spreading disease has not come to our shores. FMD would be extremely
detrimental to our livestock industry if it were to be introduced into the U.S.
and those economic effects would be felt far beyond animal agriculture. I am
encouraged by the amount of work government and industry are doing cooperatively
to prevent FMD being introduced, and appreciate everyone's willingness to
explore options to ensure we have an adequate vaccine stockpile should we ever
have to face this viral disease. Thank you to all of our witnesses for sharing
with us your expertise on the progress that has been made and sharing
improvements that can be explored to better defend against this virus," said
Subcommittee Chairman Rouzer.



 "Our nation's security depends on our ability to ensure our agriculture
industry is safe from threats to animal and plant health. It is essential we
have all of the plans and infrastructure in place so we can be suitably prepared
against intentional or unintentional introduction of plant or animal pests and
disease. FMD is one of those threats and today we heard about our existing
preparation, as well as what can still be done to ensure our farmers and
ranchers have the proper tools in place to maintain the safety of our industry
so they can continue producing food and fiber to meet the nutritional needs of
our nation and world," said Agriculture Committee Chairman K. Michael Conaway.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           January 8, 2014 Wednesday

PSF to organize Project Formulation Workshops to enhance research

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 08

LENGTH: 347  words


Pakistan Science Foundation (PSF) under Natural Sciences Linkage Programme
(NSLP) is contemplating to organize a series of Project Formulation Workshops
shortly to enhance the capacity building of researchers across the country.

PSF is working for the promotion of Science and Technology in the country and
the workshops are aimed to train the researchers in good proposal writing,
create awareness about PSF-NSLP funding process and procedures and encourage
scientists to prepare need based research proposal within the NSLP priority
areas, an official of PSF told here today.

"Workshops will aid in raising the skills of researchers about formulating
research proposals before submitting to PSF and elevating standards of research
in the country".

There is huge potential for agriculture production, he said, adding by properly
guiding the researchers through these workshops, will bring a positive economic
impact on the area.

Ministry of Science and Technology (MoST) and the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), Foreign Agricultural Service (FAS) signed a Memorandum of
Understanding (MoU) in November 2002 for cooperation in the field of Natural
Sciences.

Under the MoU, an Endowment Fund "Natural Sciences Linkage Programme" (NSLP),
was established for research funding and mutual cooperation in the field of
Natural Science.

The handling of the NSLP Endowment funds was assigned to PSF, from the sale
proceeds of agricultural commodities imported under PL-480 & 416(b) programme.

A sum of Rs.498.910 million was granted to PSF through the Ministry of Finance
and by adding the initial profit earned, the Endowment Fund was created with an
amount of Rs.500 million in 2007.

Official said PSF is using the profit earned on the Endowment Fund for funding
of research projects in agriculture and related sciences for sustainable
agricultural production with emphasis on enhanced benefits to the producers.

"The research projects are processed as per the set procedure of PSF, with
technical recommendations of two Pakistani experts and a US expert through the
USDA",he added.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           January 8, 2014 Wednesday

PSF to organize Project Formulation Workshops to enhance research

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 08

LENGTH: 347  words


Pakistan Science Foundation (PSF) under Natural Sciences Linkage Programme
(NSLP) is contemplating to organize a series of Project Formulation Workshops
shortly to enhance the capacity building of researchers across the country.

PSF is working for the promotion of Science and Technology in the country and
the workshops are aimed to train the researchers in good proposal writing,
create awareness about PSF-NSLP funding process and procedures and encourage
scientists to prepare need based research proposal within the NSLP priority
areas, an official of PSF told here today.

"Workshops will aid in raising the skills of researchers about formulating
research proposals before submitting to PSF and elevating standards of research
in the country".

There is huge potential for agriculture production, he said, adding by properly
guiding the researchers through these workshops, will bring a positive economic
impact on the area.

Ministry of Science and Technology (MoST) and the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), Foreign Agricultural Service (FAS) signed a Memorandum of
Understanding (MoU) in November 2002 for cooperation in the field of Natural
Sciences.

Under the MoU, an Endowment Fund "Natural Sciences Linkage Programme" (NSLP),
was established for research funding and mutual cooperation in the field of
Natural Science.

The handling of the NSLP Endowment funds was assigned to PSF, from the sale
proceeds of agricultural commodities imported under PL-480 & 416(b) programme.

A sum of Rs.498.910 million was granted to PSF through the Ministry of Finance
and by adding the initial profit earned, the Endowment Fund was created with an
amount of Rs.500 million in 2007.

Official said PSF is using the profit earned on the Endowment Fund for funding
of research projects in agriculture and related sciences for sustainable
agricultural production with emphasis on enhanced benefits to the producers.

"The research projects are processed as per the set procedure of PSF, with
technical recommendations of two Pakistani experts and a US expert through the
USDA",he added.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 30, 2016 Wednesday

Military environment

LENGTH: 893  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



 Military installations in the United States are home to a surprisingly large
number of threatened and endangered species, leaving the Department of Defense
(DoD) with the critical dual responsibilities of ensuring that it provides the
finest military readiness training to American service members and also that it
protects the species that call those facilities home.





 It is also mandated by the DoD's Natural Resources Conservation program and the
mission of its Readiness and Environmental Protection Integration (REPI) program
that these two objectives be carried out in a cost effective manner.



 New research from the University of Delaware shows that by utilizing economic
and optimization models -- originally developed by the military in World War II
-- and changing up the way in which programs are selected, the DoD can generate
a 21 percent increase in military readiness and environmental protection or
achieve the same benefits they are currently receiving at a cost savings of 37
percent.



 The research was led by Kent Messer, the Unidel Howard Cosgrove Chair for the
Environment, director of the Center for Experimental and Applied Economics
(CEAE) in the University's College of Agriculture and Natural Resources (CANR)
and co-director of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)-funded
national Center for Behavioral and Experimental Agri-Environmental Research
(CBEAR), and Maik Kecinski, a post-doctoral researcher in the Department of
Applied Economics and Statistics, and was recently published in the journal Land
Economics.



 With 425 military installations comprising approximately 25 million acres, and
with over 320 listed species living on those installations -- such as the
endangered red cockaded woodpecker that thrives in the longleaf pine habitat of
Fort Bragg in North Carolina -- the need is great for an organization like REPI
to partner with conservation organizations and other government agencies to
maintain and preserve surrounding land, with REPI successfully protecting
315,000 acres with $890 million in funding through 2013.



 To conduct their study, the UD researchers used a 2010 data set from the Office
of the Secretary of Defense focused on 44 projects considered for funding from
the Army, the Air Force and the Navy to expand posts and bases utilizing a
budget of $54 million.



 Kecinski said that the way the military currently chooses projects is based on
a method called "benefit targeting."



 "All of these 44 projects come with a benefit score. The problem with this
benefit scoring is that they don't look at the cost. You could have this
insanely good project that has 99 points but it costs $40 million, so they would
select this project, but you might also be able to get a project that has 95
points and you'd get it for $2 million," said Kecinski. "You could get so much
more in terms of the total score if you consider the cost."



 Things that are factored into benefit scores are a military readiness score, in
terms of how appropriate the land is for military uses and how the land stands
from an environmental perspective, such as the condition of the species that
live there.



 There is also a viability of agreement score, which considers how likely is it
that the person who owns the land would actually sell the land for the amount
the military offers.



 Kecinski said that the REPI program likely had biologists, soil scientists,
hydrologists and experts in other environmental areas go over the land and give
it a score.



 "You bunch all of these benefits together and you come up with a total benefit
score for each of these projects," said Kecinski. "What the military does then,
without thinking of the cost of each project, they purely look at the benefits
and then they start out. We have $54 million so the first project we're going to
select is the one that's going to have the biggest benefits, and then if this
project costs $54 million, hypothetically speaking, they're done."



 Kecinski said that it typically doesn't cost $54 million for a single project
but that they go down the list, checking off the projects with the highest
benefit scores until they have no money left.



 The researchers used cost-effectiveness analysis, binary linear programming and
goal programming to compare against the benefit targeting method used by the
military and found that in all cases, large increases in environmental and
military benefits could be achieved.



 "By doing something as simple as dividing the benefits by the cost and not just
looking at benefits, you can protect the same amount that benefit targeting does
and save 37 percent of the costs, which is huge," Kecinski said. "We're talking
about tens of millions of dollars. Or you can spend all of your money and get a
21 percent increase in military readiness and environmental protection.



 "Oftentimes in economics, you consider difficult choices that hurt the
environment. Such as should we cut down this tree and destroy some habitat in
exchange for more money. This case with the military is the opposite. The money
is there. The only question is how can we use it to protect as much as
possible?"



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 30, 2016 Wednesday

Military environment

LENGTH: 893  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



 Military installations in the United States are home to a surprisingly large
number of threatened and endangered species, leaving the Department of Defense
(DoD) with the critical dual responsibilities of ensuring that it provides the
finest military readiness training to American service members and also that it
protects the species that call those facilities home.





 It is also mandated by the DoD's Natural Resources Conservation program and the
mission of its Readiness and Environmental Protection Integration (REPI) program
that these two objectives be carried out in a cost effective manner.



 New research from the University of Delaware shows that by utilizing economic
and optimization models -- originally developed by the military in World War II
-- and changing up the way in which programs are selected, the DoD can generate
a 21 percent increase in military readiness and environmental protection or
achieve the same benefits they are currently receiving at a cost savings of 37
percent.



 The research was led by Kent Messer, the Unidel Howard Cosgrove Chair for the
Environment, director of the Center for Experimental and Applied Economics
(CEAE) in the University's College of Agriculture and Natural Resources (CANR)
and co-director of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)-funded
national Center for Behavioral and Experimental Agri-Environmental Research
(CBEAR), and Maik Kecinski, a post-doctoral researcher in the Department of
Applied Economics and Statistics, and was recently published in the journal Land
Economics.



 With 425 military installations comprising approximately 25 million acres, and
with over 320 listed species living on those installations -- such as the
endangered red cockaded woodpecker that thrives in the longleaf pine habitat of
Fort Bragg in North Carolina -- the need is great for an organization like REPI
to partner with conservation organizations and other government agencies to
maintain and preserve surrounding land, with REPI successfully protecting
315,000 acres with $890 million in funding through 2013.



 To conduct their study, the UD researchers used a 2010 data set from the Office
of the Secretary of Defense focused on 44 projects considered for funding from
the Army, the Air Force and the Navy to expand posts and bases utilizing a
budget of $54 million.



 Kecinski said that the way the military currently chooses projects is based on
a method called "benefit targeting."



 "All of these 44 projects come with a benefit score. The problem with this
benefit scoring is that they don't look at the cost. You could have this
insanely good project that has 99 points but it costs $40 million, so they would
select this project, but you might also be able to get a project that has 95
points and you'd get it for $2 million," said Kecinski. "You could get so much
more in terms of the total score if you consider the cost."



 Things that are factored into benefit scores are a military readiness score, in
terms of how appropriate the land is for military uses and how the land stands
from an environmental perspective, such as the condition of the species that
live there.



 There is also a viability of agreement score, which considers how likely is it
that the person who owns the land would actually sell the land for the amount
the military offers.



 Kecinski said that the REPI program likely had biologists, soil scientists,
hydrologists and experts in other environmental areas go over the land and give
it a score.



 "You bunch all of these benefits together and you come up with a total benefit
score for each of these projects," said Kecinski. "What the military does then,
without thinking of the cost of each project, they purely look at the benefits
and then they start out. We have $54 million so the first project we're going to
select is the one that's going to have the biggest benefits, and then if this
project costs $54 million, hypothetically speaking, they're done."



 Kecinski said that it typically doesn't cost $54 million for a single project
but that they go down the list, checking off the projects with the highest
benefit scores until they have no money left.



 The researchers used cost-effectiveness analysis, binary linear programming and
goal programming to compare against the benefit targeting method used by the
military and found that in all cases, large increases in environmental and
military benefits could be achieved.



 "By doing something as simple as dividing the benefits by the cost and not just
looking at benefits, you can protect the same amount that benefit targeting does
and save 37 percent of the costs, which is huge," Kecinski said. "We're talking
about tens of millions of dollars. Or you can spend all of your money and get a
21 percent increase in military readiness and environmental protection.



 "Oftentimes in economics, you consider difficult choices that hurt the
environment. Such as should we cut down this tree and destroy some habitat in
exchange for more money. This case with the military is the opposite. The money
is there. The only question is how can we use it to protect as much as
possible?"



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             October 9, 2009 Friday

BEEF RESEARCH PROJECT TO GET $1 MILLION BOOST

BYLINE: LOGAN NEILL, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 408 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



HIGHLIGHT: U.S. Rep. Ginny Brown-Waite helps secure funding for the facility
north of Brooksville.


The Subtropical Agricultural Research Station got some good news Thursday: It is
in line for $1 million to help restore some of its beef cattle research
programs.

Sam Coleman, who directs the U.S. Department of Agriculture facility known as
STARS on Chinsegut Hill Road north of Brooksville, said the procurement will
most likely go toward bringing back jobs lost to budget cuts in recent years.

"It's going to help us gain back some of the ground we've lost," Coleman said.
"That will get us back on track in some of the research projects we've been
wanting to complete."

The funding was included in a 2010 congressional agriculture appropriations bill
at the initiation of U.S. Rep. Ginny Brown-Waite.

"Cattle are one of the most important agricultural resources in my district,''
Brown-Waite said in a statement. "The STARS facility in Brooksville is
invaluable for subtropical cattle research and the only one of its kind in the
United States.

"Each year, this facility faces funding shortfalls which jeopardizes the
facility's ability to operate as well as the livelihoods of everyone who depends
on the facility,'' the statement continued. "This funding ensures the long-term
success of a local industry and I am proud to have, once again, secured enough
funding for them to keep their operation up and running.''

Coleman noted that the funding is only for one year, and won't eliminate all of
STAR's long-term budget challenges.

"It gets us out of a big pinch and that's good," he said.

With an annual $1.2 million budget, the 3,800-acre site is the only government
facility conducting long-term research on Southern cattle breeds and forage
grasses. In addition, the program also studies methods of mitigating the effects
of cattle operations near sensitive wetland areas.

Although the Southern cattle industry considers the research invaluable, the
78-year-old facility has had budget problems the past few years.

In 2008, the Bush administration called for eliminating it and 10 other research
centers across the country. Though spared at the last minute by an omnibus
spending bill sponsored in part by Brown-Waite, Coleman said he had to cut two
laboratory positions from the 13-member staff.

The new funding, Coleman said, will enable him to rehire an agronomist for
forage research as well as another cattle genetics specialist. He also hopes to
expand efforts in other areas as well.

Logan Neill can be reached at lneill@sptimes.com or 848-1435.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Ginny Brown-Waite says that she is proud to help keep the STARS
operation up and running. PHOTO - WILL VRAGOVIC - Times (2008): Biologist Ed
Bowers, 55, is one of the researchers at the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Sub-Tropical Agriculture Research Station on Chinsegut Hill Road. The
78-year-old station is the only government facility conducting long-term
research on Southern cattle breeds and forage grasses.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             March 29, 2005 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Agritourism bill moves to floor for House debate;
Plan would unite 3 departments' work

BYLINE: Jennifer Mock, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 443 words


A bill that would create an agritourism industry in Oklahoma passed out of a
House committee Monday.

Senate Bill 365 would give the Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food and
Forestry, the Oklahoma Department of Wildlife Conservation and the Oklahoma
Tourism and Recreation Department the charge to create and develop a sustainable
agritourism industry in the state, in cooperation with the United States
Department of Agriculture and Rural Development.

The bill also calls on those departments to carry out the intent of the Oklahoma
Agritourism master plan, which was developed last year by a steering committee.
That plan calls for a director of agritourism to develop an outlet for producers
to open their businesses to tourists for an additional source of revenue and a
way to showcase Oklahoma products.

Secretary of Agriculture Terry Peach said details of the bill still are being
formulated, including funding for the program and the source for the funding.

"There is a tremendous amount of potential for ag tourism in the state of
Oklahoma," he said. "It is a new and diverse industry, and it is essential that
we have a statewide coordinator to help build a consensus."

Peach said the industries that would be under the agritourism umbrella,
including wineries, dude ranches, scenic bed and breakfasts, hunting and
fishing, and fruit orchards.

"The possibilities are so rich and varied," said Jack Carson, spokesman for the
Agriculture Department.

Peach said startup costs associated with the program, including hiring a
full-time coordinator, would be between $100,000 and $150,000.

Some Oklahoma entrepreneurs are not waiting for an official agritourism program.

Pam Harris, owner of Cabin Creek Vineyards and Winery in Big Cabin, said she and
three other local vineyard owners have formed the Grand Wine Country
Association. They are creating an agritourism trail connecting the vineyards
with other local shops.

The tour will include stops at the four wineries but also may include other
attractions such as a picnic lunch made up of Oklahoma products.

"I am in favor of anything that we can do to help the government realize that
agritourism could be one of Oklahoma's big draws," Harris said.

"The first step is to get something in place so people know that we have this
available so they will start taking advantage of it."

Sen. Harry Coates, R-Shawnee and author of the bill, said the legislation is
intended to get all three departments to discuss agritourism.

Coates said he expects the bill will pass because it will not cost the state
much money but promises benefits in the form of jobs and economic development.

The House is expected to vote on the bill soon.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Northern Star (Clinton, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 22, 2014

Big Stone County Project Named To Receive $205,000 AGRI Funds;
From Dept. of Agriculture..

BYLINE: The Northern Star staff

LENGTH: 450  words


The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) awarded $205,000 in Agricultural
Growth, Research, and Innovation (AGRI) funds to 13 projects this year through
Sustainable Agriculture Demonstra-tion Grant Projects. These projects were
selected from a competitive pool of 30 grant applications. MDA Commissioner Dave
Frederickson chose projects and approved funding based on project design,
environmental impact, and the transferability of their work to other farms.

In this area Big Stone and Grant Counties will receive funding for projects in
the amount of $205,000.

In Big Stone County the project is: Creating Beneficial Habitat for Weed
Management and Wildlife Enhancement on Farm Waste Land, Big Stone County: Study
best practices to establish pollinator safe zones on farm wasteland and document
the kinds and numbers of pollinators targeting monarch butterfly and bumble

Bees In Grant County, the project is: No-till/cover Crop Rotation versus
Intensive Tillage in a Corn/soybean Rotation, Grant County: Demonstrate and
evaluate a three crop no-till/cover crop rotation and compare to an intensive
tillage corn/soybean rotation.

Other counties receiving grant funding include Sherburne, Fillmore, Rice, Clay,
St. Louis, Wadena, Dakota, Becker and Wabasha.

Each grant project will be tracked over its lifetime and results will be
published in the MDA's Greenbook:
http://www.mda.state.mn.us/protect-ing/sustainable/greenbook.aspx. The
Sustainable Agriculture Demonstration Grant Program has awarded $3.2 million to
294 grant projects since it began in 1989. For more information, contact Jeanne
Ciborowski, grant program coordinator at jeanne.ciborowski@state.mn.us or
651-201-6217 only two manufacturers to operate in the state and restricts the
use of the drug -- it cannot be smoked.

Governor Dayton has said he will sign the bill, which allows doctors to provide
marijuana in liquid and pill form to patients who are terminally ill, or who
have one of eight serious medical conditions outlined in the legislation. Azzi
calls it a step in the right direction, but says there are many more medical
conditions that can be helped with marijuana. She also notes that Minnesota
still won't allow for the sale of the plant leaves for smoking, so the fight is
not over. "There was a very big compromise made this year in order to get
something accomplished, and I think every legislator and every patient out there
has already acknowledged that we'll be back next year," she says.

The bill also creates a patient registry process for monitoring the health
impacts experienced by patients taking medical cannabis, to help health
professionals broaden their understanding of the benefits, risks and side
effects.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NRS

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 The Northern Star


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Washington: USDA Awards Grants to Support Schools Serving Healthier Meals and
Snacks

LENGTH: 636  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Department of Agriculture, Food safety and Inspection Services has
issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) will be awarding over $30 million in grants to help schools
prepare healthy meals for their children. Twenty-five million dollars in grants
will help schools purchase needed equipment to make preparing and serving
healthier meals easier and more efficient, and up to $5.5 million will provide
additional training for school food service professionals.

"Schools are successfully serving more nutritious meals to America's students,
and healthier meals mean healthier kids. We're working to do everything we can
to support schools as they work to provide kids the nutrition they need to learn
and develop into healthy adults," said Vilsack. "These grants will help schools
obtain better equipment and additional training for their hardworking school
food service professionals. With doctors, parents, teachers and schools all
working together, we can make sure we're giving our kids the healthy start in
life they deserve."

Since 2009, USDA has provided $185 million in kitchen equipment funding to
states and schools participating in the National School Lunch (NSLP) and School
Breakfast (SBP) Programs. USDA provides the funding to states, which then
competitively award grants to school districts in order to purchase necessary
equipment, giving priority to high-need schools where 50 percent or more of the
enrolled students are eligible for free or reduced price meals. The school
equipment grants announced today are another example of how USDA is supporting
schools as they implement the new meal standards resulting from the Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010. USDA works closely with schools to address
implementation challenges, and provides funding, training and technical
assistance to overcome barriers.

To further assist school food workers USDA is also announcing the availability
of up to $5.5 million in Team Nutrition training grants for FY2015. These grants
are only open to state agencies administering the NSLP, SBP, the Summer Food
Service Program, or Child and Adult Care Food Programs. Through a competitive
grants process, Team Nutrition training grants will be funded for the period of
September 30, 2015 - September 30, 2017. State agencies may apply for up to
$350,000. To apply for the grants, state agencies should visit www.grants.gov.

These competitive grants focus on the implementation of Smarter Lunchrooms - an
innovative strategy using behavioral economics to encourage healthy eating in
the cafeteria - as well as the healthier meal standards, HealthierUS School
Challenge, USDA Foods, nutrition education, and wellness activities in schools
and child care institutions. These funds may be also used to assist the state
agency in providing training and technical assistance to school staff in
creating Smarter Lunchrooms.

The Team Nutrition Training grants are two-year grants that have been awarded to
state agencies on an annual basis since the inception of the program in 1995.
They serve as key delivery systems for supporting the implementation of USDA's
nutrition requirements for meals served in schools and child care centers.

USDA's Food and Nutrition Service administers America's nutrition assistance
programs including the National School Lunch and School Breakfast programs, the
Child and Adult Care Food Program, the Summer Food Service Program, Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program, and the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for
Women, Infants, and Children (WIC). Together these programs make up the federal
nutrition safety net.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Bill Gates to urge G20 not to ignore poor

LENGTH: 304 words

DATELINE: Washington


Washington, Oct. 26 -- Billionaire philanthropist Bill Gates said on today it
was critical that rich donors continue to fund health and agriculture projects
in developing countries despite budget cuts in the United States and Europe. In
an interview with media, Gates said he would tell G20 leaders at a summit in
France next month not to turn their backs on funding development projects in
poor countries despite tough times at home.

He said there was ample evidence that agricultural and health programs in
developing countries made a big difference in the livelihoods of the poor and
boosted economic stability.

"One thing with agriculture is once you get a boot strap it is a capitalistic
market," Gates said. "If you help a farmer with productivity and show them these
new tools have positive returns, then it is something you can leave and you
don't have to keep funding them."

A global food price crisis in 2008 highlighted years of chronic underinvestment
in agriculture in developing countries. Costlier food and more price volatility
have further weighed on the poor, increasing malnutrition and hunger. Countries
such as Canada, Britain, the United States, Australia and China oppose the
so-called "Tobin Tax" on financial transactions because it puts an additional
financial burden on their banks. Gates indicated that Mexico would take up the
issue when it takes over from France as next G20 chair. "It is unconscionable
for a famine of this magnitude to be happening in 2011. The world has the
knowledge, tools, and resources to help the world's poorest overcome hunger and
extreme poverty," he told the ceremony. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

Washington: House Committee to Hold Hearing on Scott Legislation to Provide $19
Million for 1890s Land-Grant University Student Scholarships

LENGTH: 628  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP David Scott has issued the following news release:




 Today Congressman David Scott (GA-13) and Thurgood Marshall College Fund
President & CEO Johnny C. Taylor, Jr. issued the following statements upon the
announcement of the House Committee on Agriculture hearing on Scott's bipartisan
bill H.R. 6020, the Funding for Student Scholarships for the 1890 Land-Grant
African-American Colleges and Universities Act.





 "There is a tremendous need to increase the number of young African-Americans
seeking careers in agriculture," said Congressman Scott. "And there is a
tremendous crisis in this country given the average age of farmers in the United
States is 60 years of age and continues to rise. H.R. 6020 will expand the
permitted uses of federal funds awarded to 1890s-universities from research,
education and extension to also include scholarship grants.  This bill will
award $1 million in grant funding to each of the 19 public land-grant
universities for scholarships to help African-American students who commit to
pursuing careers in agriculture and help tackle the national crisis posed by the
aging farmer and producer population in the United States."



 "The Thurgood Marshall College Fund (TMCF) is pleased to endorse and advocate
for H.R. 6020" said Mr. Johnny C. Taylor, Jr. "TMCF appreciates Congressman
David Scott (D-GA) for his leadership and work to secure much needed funding to
support 1890s - HBCU Land Grant Institutions as well as students pursuing
careers in the agribusiness sector and related sciences.  Careers in the
agricultural sciences are part of our nation's overall STEM workforce and are
truly needed.  We are committed to working with Congressman Scott and other
members to move this bill in the 115th Congress and applaud Chairman Mike
Conaway (R-TX) for supporting the upcoming hearing on H.R. 6020."



 WHAT:  Committee on Agriculture Hearing entitled "1890 Land-Grant Institutions:
Recruitment Challenges and Scholarship Opportunities."



 The Committee hearing will feature two panels.  For the first panel,
Congressman Scott along with Representatives Kevin Cramer (R-ND) and Emanuel
Cleaver (D-MO), both original co-sponsors of H.R. 6020, will address the
Committee. The second panel will include statements from the following three
1890s-university presidents: Dr. Cynthia Hammond, Central University; Dr. Paul
Jones, Fort Valley State University; and Dr. Juliet Bell, University of Maryland
Eastern Shore. The presidents will address the challenges their institutions
have faced in recruiting African-American students to agricultural careers.



 WHEN:  Wednesday, December 7, 10:00 a.m.



 WHERE:  1300 Longworth House Office Building



 Background:



 Cosponsors of H.R. 6020 include: Rep. Kevin Cramer [R-ND]; Rep. Marcia Fudge
[D-OH]; Rep. Brad Ashford [D-NE]; Rep. Mia Love [R-UT]; Rep. Gwen Graham [D-FL];
Rep. Alma Adams [D-NC]; Rep. Pete Sessions [R-TX and Chair of the House Rules
Committee]; Rep. Emanuel Cleaver [D-MO]; Rep. Bobby Scott [D-VA]; Rep. Mark
Takano [D-CA]; and Rep. Tim Ryan [D-OH].



 The nineteen 1890s Land-Grant universities are: Alabama A&M University; Alcorn
State University; Central State University; Delaware State University; Florida
A&M University; Fort Valley State University; Kentucky State University;
Langston University; Lincoln University; North Carolina A&T State University;
Prairie View A&M University; South Carolina State University; Southern
University System; Tennessee State University; Tuskegee University; University
of Arkansas Pine Bluff; University of Maryland Eastern Shore; Virginia State
University; and West Virginia State University.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

Washington: House Committee to Hold Hearing on Scott Legislation to Provide $19
Million for 1890s Land-Grant University Student Scholarships

LENGTH: 628  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP David Scott has issued the following news release:




 Today Congressman David Scott (GA-13) and Thurgood Marshall College Fund
President & CEO Johnny C. Taylor, Jr. issued the following statements upon the
announcement of the House Committee on Agriculture hearing on Scott's bipartisan
bill H.R. 6020, the Funding for Student Scholarships for the 1890 Land-Grant
African-American Colleges and Universities Act.





 "There is a tremendous need to increase the number of young African-Americans
seeking careers in agriculture," said Congressman Scott. "And there is a
tremendous crisis in this country given the average age of farmers in the United
States is 60 years of age and continues to rise. H.R. 6020 will expand the
permitted uses of federal funds awarded to 1890s-universities from research,
education and extension to also include scholarship grants.  This bill will
award $1 million in grant funding to each of the 19 public land-grant
universities for scholarships to help African-American students who commit to
pursuing careers in agriculture and help tackle the national crisis posed by the
aging farmer and producer population in the United States."



 "The Thurgood Marshall College Fund (TMCF) is pleased to endorse and advocate
for H.R. 6020" said Mr. Johnny C. Taylor, Jr. "TMCF appreciates Congressman
David Scott (D-GA) for his leadership and work to secure much needed funding to
support 1890s - HBCU Land Grant Institutions as well as students pursuing
careers in the agribusiness sector and related sciences.  Careers in the
agricultural sciences are part of our nation's overall STEM workforce and are
truly needed.  We are committed to working with Congressman Scott and other
members to move this bill in the 115th Congress and applaud Chairman Mike
Conaway (R-TX) for supporting the upcoming hearing on H.R. 6020."



 WHAT:  Committee on Agriculture Hearing entitled "1890 Land-Grant Institutions:
Recruitment Challenges and Scholarship Opportunities."



 The Committee hearing will feature two panels.  For the first panel,
Congressman Scott along with Representatives Kevin Cramer (R-ND) and Emanuel
Cleaver (D-MO), both original co-sponsors of H.R. 6020, will address the
Committee. The second panel will include statements from the following three
1890s-university presidents: Dr. Cynthia Hammond, Central University; Dr. Paul
Jones, Fort Valley State University; and Dr. Juliet Bell, University of Maryland
Eastern Shore. The presidents will address the challenges their institutions
have faced in recruiting African-American students to agricultural careers.



 WHEN:  Wednesday, December 7, 10:00 a.m.



 WHERE:  1300 Longworth House Office Building



 Background:



 Cosponsors of H.R. 6020 include: Rep. Kevin Cramer [R-ND]; Rep. Marcia Fudge
[D-OH]; Rep. Brad Ashford [D-NE]; Rep. Mia Love [R-UT]; Rep. Gwen Graham [D-FL];
Rep. Alma Adams [D-NC]; Rep. Pete Sessions [R-TX and Chair of the House Rules
Committee]; Rep. Emanuel Cleaver [D-MO]; Rep. Bobby Scott [D-VA]; Rep. Mark
Takano [D-CA]; and Rep. Tim Ryan [D-OH].



 The nineteen 1890s Land-Grant universities are: Alabama A&M University; Alcorn
State University; Central State University; Delaware State University; Florida
A&M University; Fort Valley State University; Kentucky State University;
Langston University; Lincoln University; North Carolina A&T State University;
Prairie View A&M University; South Carolina State University; Southern
University System; Tennessee State University; Tuskegee University; University
of Arkansas Pine Bluff; University of Maryland Eastern Shore; Virginia State
University; and West Virginia State University.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Yukon News (Yukon)

                            October 28, 2011 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Extra billions can be fed, but who will pay?

BYLINE: Carey Gillam, Reuters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 1199  words

DATELINE: KANSAS CITY


In China, dairy cows revolve on carousels in synchronized milking; in Kenya,
small farmers are planting a new high-yielding sweet potato; and in laboratories
in Iowa, scientists play with plant genetics to create corn that grows well even
in drought.

These projects, and scores more, are shaping a new century of agriculture.
Whether it be cattle herders in sub-Saharan Africa or rice growers in rural
Asia, farmers and ranchers need help to produce enough nutritious food to feed a
population forecast by the United Nations to hit 7 billion on October 31.

The United Nations further predicts the population will grow to some 9 billion
by 2050. With no increase in arable land, an already taxed supply of fresh water
and fears of ongoing drought and harmful climate change, figuring out how to
feed that many people is a top priority for both government and private
interests.

But just as research, development and expansion of agricultural programs are
most critical, the public dollars pledged to this effort remain a pittance of
what is needed, and are in fact in danger of sharp decline, experts say.

"We are talking about adding 2.6 billion people between now and 2050. That is
two Chinas," said Robert Thompson, who serves on the International Food &
Agricultural Trade Policy Council and is former director of rural development
for the World Bank.

In the 1980s, about 25 per cent of US foreign aid went to agriculture, but that
fell to six per cent by 1990 and was only about one per cent last year, Thompson
said. And the share of world bank lending going to agriculture is down from
about 30 per cent in 1978 to less than 10 per cent, he said.

"We have to raise productivity," Thompson said. "I think we can do it all if we
invest enough in research. But at the moment we aren't."

Moves by US lawmakers to slash spending are threatening food security programs
being set up in poor countries, and will likely lead other nations to similarly
trim pledged agricultural development dollars, say experts in the field.

While charitable foundations, nonprofit development groups and private-sector
corporations are funnelling billions into agricultural programs, without the
heft of significant funding from the world's wealthy nations, needs will go
unmet, according to food and agricultural experts.

"There is by far not enough investment made," said Claude Fauquet, scientific
director at the US-based Donald Danforth Plant Science Centre, which is
developing a cassava for Africa that is enriched with beta carotene.

"We estimate that already today there are 1 billion people in the world
suffering from malnutrition," said Fauquet. "This will not go down unless we
invest more."

The Danforth Centre, which has a budget of about $4 million a year, will be
asking its donors, including the US government, for increased contributions in
2012, he said.

'FEED THE FUTURE'

For decades, the world's focus has been more on food aid - donating excess
grains and other agricultural supplies to poor nations. Over the last few years,
that focus has shifted toward better positioning poor farmers to feed
themselves.

The goals include increasing food productivity, developing rural roads, building
processing and storage plants, and broadening access to markets to provide
higher incomes and long-term food security for people in poor countries.

The key targets are an estimated 600 million people who live in poverty in rural
areas of Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia and depend on agriculture for their
livelihoods.

The need for improved crop productivity was underscored by a 2008 spike in food
prices tied to production shortages. In July 2009 the United States pledged $3.5
billion over three years in funding for world food-security programs. Another
$18.5 billion was pledged by other wealthy nations.

But keeping the pledge is getting harder as the global economy has faltered and
cuts hit US and European budgets.

"We do have to keep up the effort to secure funding," said Jonathan Shrier,
acting special representative for Global Food Security at the US State
Department.

The World Bank is also overseeing a fund dubbed the Global Agriculture and Food
Security Program. The United States is the largest donor, but Canada, Spain,
South Korea, Australia, Ireland and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation have
also pledged funds that total $970 million.

But more than $400 million of the pledged dollars have not come in, including
close to $300 million from the United States. A food security program report
issued last month said several countries had to be turned away due to the
shortage of funds.

"In terms of the global food security debate, agriculture is paramount," said
Emily Alpert, London-based senior policy manager for agriculture for ONE, an
advocacy organization for development in Africa. "More funding is extremely
critical for addressing poverty reduction and food insecurity."

Alongside that effort, the administration of Barack Obama last year launched a
Feed the Future initiative that is targeting 19 countries for agricultural
development assistance.

US officials are putting $10 million to $15 million in an irrigation system for
8,000 farmers in Tanzania, for example. And they are helping teach farmers in
Kenya new crop production and management techniques and improving access to
better seeds that have helped the farmers triple their incomes off "orange
fleshed" sweet potatoes.

The US program has also helped launch an insurance program for cattle herders in
northern Kenya, and is helping fund development of heat- and drought-resistant
corn and other cereal crops.

The program is considered a bright spot in global agricultural development but
its funding is in doubt.

"We're feeling good about the strategic planning process we've made. We think we
can make a huge impact," said Paul Weisenfeld, head of the Bureau for Food
Security, which oversees the Feed the Future initiative.

"Our concern about budget cuts is if we back away it will potentially have an
impact on donors worldwide. That is our big concern," he said.

PRIVATE EFFORTS

With the uncertainty surrounding the sustainability and expansion of government
funding, private investments into agricultural research and development are
rising.

The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation and other
charitable groups have committed billions of dollars for programs to improve the
nutrition and yields of maize, sorghum, rice, wheat and other crops.

And many corporations have dived in. Monsanto, the world's largest seed company,
and DuPont, also a major seed company and one of the world's largest chemical
concerns, have development projects under way to improve food security in Africa
and elsewhere.

Drought-tolerant crops and crops that use fertilizer more efficiently are among
the projects on the drawing board.

Earlier this month, DuPont announced a partnership aimed at training 1,000
African educators to work with youth in five African counties to teach them
innovative farming practices.

"There is no silver bullet. We need to work together," said DuPont Executive
Vice-president James C. Borel. "We collectively need to do everything we can.

"A handful of companies can't be expected to carry the load."

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: John Javellana, Reuters; A hungry child clasps his  mother as he waits
for his first meal of the day inside a compound  located in Manila, Philippines.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 Yukon News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Announces $18.9 Million to Improve Research Facilities at 1890 Historically
Black Land-Grant Colleges and Universities

LENGTH: 951  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) today announced $18.9 million in renewal awards to build or
improve agricultural and food science research facilities and equipment at
historically black Land-Grant Colleges and Universities. Today's announcement
builds on USDA's ongoing efforts to foster strong partnerships with the 1890
community, ensure equal access to USDA programs and services, and support
educational opportunities for the next generation of farmers and ranchers.





 "These awards help colleges and universities make improvements that support
cutting-edge academic research and foster 21st century innovation that will
shape the future of American agriculture," said Dr. Joe Leonard, Jr., USDA
Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, who today announced the awards during a
visit to North Carolina A&T University. "For more than a century USDA has built
strong partnerships with historically black colleges and 1890 Land-Grant
Universities, and the 1890 Facilities Grant Program ensures that partnership
will continue to benefit students for many more years to come."



 The awards announced today are made through the 1890s Facilities Grants
program, which provides funding for the acquisition and improvement of food,
agricultural, and human sciences facilities and equipment, including libraries,
so that the 1890 land-grant institutions, including Tuskegee University, may
participate fully in the production of human capital in the food and
agricultural sciences.



 North Carolina A&T is receiving an award of $1.12 million, which will be used
to construct a Complex for Urban and Sustainable Agriculture, Food, Education
and Research (C-U-SAFER) building and to establish a student farm. The complex
and farm will provide students opportunities for multi-disciplinary projects, as
well as help the school leverage extramural support from outside organizations
with an interest in sustainable agriculture, local and community food systems.



 Funding awards for 2016 include:



     Alabama A&M University, Huntsville, Ala., $952,989

     Tuskegee University, Tuskegee, Ala., $952,989

     University of Arkansas-Pine Bluff, Pine Bluff., Ark., $904,537

     Delaware State University, Dover, Del., $700,649

     Florida A&M University, Tallahassee, Fla., $917,871

     Fort Valley State University, Fort Valley, Ga., $1,003,446

     Southern University, Baton Rouge, La., $839,111

     Kentucky State University, Frankfort, Ky., $1,085,670

     University of Maryland Eastern Shore, Princess Anne, Md., $806,685

     Lincoln University, Jefferson City, Mo., $1,185,476

     Alcorn State University, Lorman, Miss., $885,952

     North Carolina A&T State University, Greensboro, N.C., $1,120,427

     Central State University, Wilberforce, Ohio, $1,299,243

     Langston University, Langston, Okla., $991,763

     South Carolina State University, Orangeburg, S.C., $873,535

     Prairie View A&M University, Prairie View, Texas, $1,510,894

     Tennessee State University Nashville, Tenn., $1,089,527

     Virginia State University, Petersburg, Va., $993,968

     West Virginia State University, Morgantown, W. Va., $826,068



 Abstracts for the 2016 funded projects can be viewed on NIFA's reporting
website.



 Previously funded projects include a Tennessee State University project that
constructed a 25,000 square-foot Agricultural Biotechnology BuildingThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website.. It contains more than 12 state-of-the-art labs for
cutting-edge research. Prairie View A&M University is currently upgrading their
International Goat Research CenterThis is an external link or third-party site
outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to better
support animal and veterinary sciences research, teaching, and outreach programs
in animal health. The renovations and supporting equipment will assist in
developing a Center of Excellence in Caprine Research, providing agriculture
students with experiential learning opportunities and facilitating delivery of
programs to limited-resource farmers and ranchers.



 NIFA invests in and advances innovative and transformative initiatives to solve
societal challenges and ensure the long-term viability of agriculture. NIFA's
integrated research, education and extension programs support the best and
brightest scientists and extension personnel, and have resulted in user-inspired
groundbreaking discoveries that are combating childhood obesity, improving and
sustaining rural economic growth, addressing water availability issues,
increasing food production, finding new sources of energy, mitigating climate
variability and ensuring food safety. To learn more about NIFA's impact on
agricultural science visit www.nifa.usda.gov/impacts, sign up for email updates
or follow us on Twitter @usda_NIFAThis is an external link or third-party site
outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website.,
#NIFAimpactsThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website..



 This month USDA is celebrating historic progress over the last eight years to
improve the quality of life and access to opportunity for all Americans. Learn
more online in The People's Department: A New Era for Civil Rights at USDAThis
is an external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department
of Agriculture (USDA) website..





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Tuskegee News (Alabama)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 16, 2015

TU President Johnson testifies about impact of Ag education

BYLINE: The Tuskegee News staff

LENGTH: 412  words


Tuskegee University was among speakers to U.S. lawmakers about the
transformative effects of agricultural education on rural communities in
Alabama.

The United States House of Representatives' Committee on Agriculture heard
testimony from university presidents from around the nation on July 15. Dr.
Brian L. Johnson, Tuskegee University president, spoke on behalf of the
institution.

The session addressed the needs for agricultural, food and natural resources
research, outreach and education. The event was part of the celebration of the
125th anniversary of the second Morrill Act of 1890, which established land for
a system of industrial colleges in former Confederate states.

This is the first time in history that 1890 land-grant institution presidents
have been asked to testify before the House's Committee on Agriculture.

The second Morrill Act of 1890 required each state to show that race was not an
admissions criterion, or to designate a separate land grant institution for
persons of color.

Among the 70 colleges and universities, which eventually evolved from the first
Morrill Act of 1862 and second Morrill Act of 1890 are 19 historically black
universities designated as 1890 land grant universities, including Tuskegee
University.

The presidents from all 19 of the institutions were expected to be in attendance
and Tuskegee is one of the six schools asked to testify. Johnson spoke about how
United States Department of Agriculture funding is used by the institution to
support current programs and develop more for the future.

For example, Tuskegee University's research and Cooperative Extension staff has
worked with small farmers and rural communities in Alabama for many years to
support farm-and agribusiness-based economic development in poor areas.

The university has also recently completed construction of the Carver
Integrative Sustainability Center on campus that houses eight USDA agencies and
brings together faculty and staff from all disciplines to work on problems
associated with small, socially disadvantaged and underserved farmers.

"The need for increased federal funding is absolutely necessary for Tuskegee and
other 1890 land grant universities to continue their strong legacies of research
and cooperative extension and the production of students that go into meaningful
and rewarding careers that impact our nation's future," Johnson said.

To find out more about 1890 land grant institutions, go to
http://www.tuskegee.edu/celebratel890s.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TKG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 The Tuskegee News


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Illinois: USDA Awards Grants to Address Water Quality, Availability in
Agriculture Communities

LENGTH: 875  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, April 7, 2015 - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) today announced 21 grants totaling more
than $10 million have been awarded to universities to support critical water
problems in rural and agricultural watersheds across the United States. The
awards were made through NIFA's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI)
Water for Agriculture challenge area and the National Integrated Water Quality
Program.

"Water is our most precious resource, one that is essential for both human
survival and well-being and for our ability to grow our crops and livestock,"
said Sonny Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "By funding research, extension, and
education for citizens and the agriculture community, we are able to proactively
create solutions to water-related issues like drought and its impact on food
security."

The AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area was first introduced in fiscal
year (FY) 2014, and these grants represent the first year of funding for the
program. Funded projects link social, economic, and behavioral sciences with
traditional biophysical sciences and engineering to address regional scale
issues with shared hydrological processes, and meteorological and basin
characteristics. Fiscal year 2014 Water for Agriculture grants recipients are:

University of California, Riverside, Calif., $149,990
    Georgia College and State University, Milledgeville, Ga., $56,943
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $999,438
    Michigan State University, East Lansing, Mich., $900,000
    University of Missouri, Kansas City, Mo., $148,995
    University of Nevada, Reno, Nev., $500,000
    State University of New York's College of Environmental Science and
Forestry, Syracuse, N.Y., $128,511
    Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio, $49,968
    Clemson University, Clemson, S.C., $150,000
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $900,000
    West Texas A&M University, Canyon, Texas, $149,777
    University of Texas at El Paso, El Paso, Texas, $900,000
    Utah State University, Logan, Utah, $49,534
    University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisc., $900,000

This year's projects include the University of Nevada's Coordinated Agricultural
Program designed to increase research and participatory engagement with American
Indians and assess the impacts of climate change on future water supplies and
enhance the climate resiliency of tribal agriculture. Another project from
Clemson University will integrate remote sensing products and weather forecast
information for farmers and growers to address the best products, increase
agricultural drought indices, and develop an agricultural drought forecasting
model to provide near real-time feedback.

NIFA is expected to make $30 million available over the next five years for the
AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area, with the expectation that the new
projects awarded this fiscal year would receive additional funds (based on
available funding) if they achievement project objectives and milestones.

The FY 2015 request for applications for the AFRI Water for Agriculture
challenge was released on February 18, 2015. Applications are due July 16, 2015.

NIFA also funded projects through the National Integrated Water Quality Program
(NIWQP) for science-based decision making and management practices that improve
the quality and quantity of the Nation's water resources in agricultural, rural,
and urbanizing watersheds. Applicants were asked to develop the science behind
the most appropriate drought triggers and provide an understanding of the
connection between trigger levels and drought management responses or decisions;
or provide estimates of the economic value of water across different uses. The
approaches to estimating water values will reflect uncertainties associated with
future weather and climate conditions. Quantifying the value of water will
provide valuable signals to agricultural producers, rural communities, and
policy makers to aid decision-making for allocating agricultural water use
across consumptive or non-consumptive uses.

Fiscal Year 2014 NIWQP grant recipients are:

Colorado State University, Ft. Collins, Colo., $659,954
    University of Connecticut, Storrs, Conn., $750,000
    University of Florida, Gainesville, Fla., $659,676
    Indiana University, Bloomington, Ind., $659,839
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa, $660,000
    South Dakota State University, Brookings, S.D., $227,135
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $659,926

This year's projects include South Dakota State University's research to
identify drought triggers, develop mitigation plans, investigate socio-economic
factors associated with new technology adoption, and educate different age
groups of students about drought issues. The University of Tennessee will
execute a long-term plan to assist agricultural producers, policymakers, and
communities throughout the Southeastern United States as they adapt to water
scarcity by efficiently allocating water and adopting water-conserving practices
and technologies.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: USDA Awards Grants to Address Water Quality, Availability in
Agriculture Communities

LENGTH: 875  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, April 7, 2015 - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) today announced 21 grants totaling more
than $10 million have been awarded to universities to support critical water
problems in rural and agricultural watersheds across the United States. The
awards were made through NIFA's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI)
Water for Agriculture challenge area and the National Integrated Water Quality
Program.

"Water is our most precious resource, one that is essential for both human
survival and well-being and for our ability to grow our crops and livestock,"
said Sonny Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "By funding research, extension, and
education for citizens and the agriculture community, we are able to proactively
create solutions to water-related issues like drought and its impact on food
security."

The AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area was first introduced in fiscal
year (FY) 2014, and these grants represent the first year of funding for the
program. Funded projects link social, economic, and behavioral sciences with
traditional biophysical sciences and engineering to address regional scale
issues with shared hydrological processes, and meteorological and basin
characteristics. Fiscal year 2014 Water for Agriculture grants recipients are:

University of California, Riverside, Calif., $149,990
    Georgia College and State University, Milledgeville, Ga., $56,943
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $999,438
    Michigan State University, East Lansing, Mich., $900,000
    University of Missouri, Kansas City, Mo., $148,995
    University of Nevada, Reno, Nev., $500,000
    State University of New York's College of Environmental Science and
Forestry, Syracuse, N.Y., $128,511
    Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio, $49,968
    Clemson University, Clemson, S.C., $150,000
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $900,000
    West Texas A&M University, Canyon, Texas, $149,777
    University of Texas at El Paso, El Paso, Texas, $900,000
    Utah State University, Logan, Utah, $49,534
    University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisc., $900,000

This year's projects include the University of Nevada's Coordinated Agricultural
Program designed to increase research and participatory engagement with American
Indians and assess the impacts of climate change on future water supplies and
enhance the climate resiliency of tribal agriculture. Another project from
Clemson University will integrate remote sensing products and weather forecast
information for farmers and growers to address the best products, increase
agricultural drought indices, and develop an agricultural drought forecasting
model to provide near real-time feedback.

NIFA is expected to make $30 million available over the next five years for the
AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area, with the expectation that the new
projects awarded this fiscal year would receive additional funds (based on
available funding) if they achievement project objectives and milestones.

The FY 2015 request for applications for the AFRI Water for Agriculture
challenge was released on February 18, 2015. Applications are due July 16, 2015.

NIFA also funded projects through the National Integrated Water Quality Program
(NIWQP) for science-based decision making and management practices that improve
the quality and quantity of the Nation's water resources in agricultural, rural,
and urbanizing watersheds. Applicants were asked to develop the science behind
the most appropriate drought triggers and provide an understanding of the
connection between trigger levels and drought management responses or decisions;
or provide estimates of the economic value of water across different uses. The
approaches to estimating water values will reflect uncertainties associated with
future weather and climate conditions. Quantifying the value of water will
provide valuable signals to agricultural producers, rural communities, and
policy makers to aid decision-making for allocating agricultural water use
across consumptive or non-consumptive uses.

Fiscal Year 2014 NIWQP grant recipients are:

Colorado State University, Ft. Collins, Colo., $659,954
    University of Connecticut, Storrs, Conn., $750,000
    University of Florida, Gainesville, Fla., $659,676
    Indiana University, Bloomington, Ind., $659,839
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa, $660,000
    South Dakota State University, Brookings, S.D., $227,135
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $659,926

This year's projects include South Dakota State University's research to
identify drought triggers, develop mitigation plans, investigate socio-economic
factors associated with new technology adoption, and educate different age
groups of students about drought issues. The University of Tennessee will
execute a long-term plan to assist agricultural producers, policymakers, and
communities throughout the Southeastern United States as they adapt to water
scarcity by efficiently allocating water and adopting water-conserving practices
and technologies.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Bowling Green Daily News (Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 9, 2009 Thursday

WKU may get $2.1 million toward agriculture projects

BYLINE: Joanie Baker, The Daily News, Bowling Green, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 361 words


Jul. 9--Western Kentucky University may receive $2.1 million in federal funding
to construct a United States Department of Agriculture lab on campus.

The university also looks to receive a half million dollars for bio-fuel
research.

U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., announced that he has secured more than $20
million for projects in the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bill that
will go to the Senate floor for consideration.

Of that money, WKU may receive $2 million to fund the construction of a USDA
research lab on campus to reside in the location where the Thompson Complex
North Wing is located.

The USDA is temporarily conducting its research at the university's farm until
the new building is constructed.

Jack Rudolph, agriculture department head at the university, said the remaining
funds will contribute to the Green River Water Quality and Biological Diversity
Monitoring Project. That project looks at limiting the amount of animal waste
and agriculture-related run-off products -- such as fertilizer -- from making
their way into the river.

U.S. Rep. Brett Guthrie, R-Bowling Green, also recently announced funding for
the university.

Guthrie said he has secured $500,000 as part of the Energy and Water Development
Appropriations Act to fund bio-fuel research at the school's Institute for
Combustion Science and Environmental Technology.

The act is expected to pass the U.S. House of Representatives next week.

The funds will be used to develop and test improved bio-fuel production
processes, said Buddy Steen, director of the university's Center for Research
and Development.

"This new process, invented by WKU researchers, has the potential to
revolutionize the bio-fuel industry," he said in a news release.

To see more of the Bowling Green Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.bgdailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Daily News, Bowling
Green, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090709-BW-WKU-may-get-2.1-million-toward-agriculture-projects-0709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BW


                    Copyright 2009 Bowling Green Daily News


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Announces $18.9 Million to Improve Research Facilities at 1890 Historically
Black Land-Grant Colleges and Universities

LENGTH: 1014  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) today announced $18.9 million in renewal awards to build or
improve agricultural and food science research facilities and equipment at
historically black Land-Grant Colleges and Universities. Today's announcement
builds on USDA's ongoing efforts to foster strong partnerships with the 1890
community, ensure equal access to USDA programs and services, and support
educational opportunities for the next generation of farmers and ranchers.





 "These awards help colleges and universities make improvements that support
cutting-edge academic research and foster 21st century innovation that will
shape the future of American agriculture," said Dr. Joe Leonard, Jr., USDA
Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, who today announced the awards during a
visit to North Carolina A&T University. "For more than a century USDA has built
strong partnerships with historically black colleges and 1890 Land-Grant
Universities, and the 1890 Facilities Grant Program ensures that partnership
will continue to benefit students for many more years to come."



 The awards announced today are made through the 1890s Facilities Grants
program, which provides funding for the acquisition and improvement of food,
agricultural, and human sciences facilities and equipment, including libraries,
so that the 1890 land-grant institutions, including Tuskegee University, may
participate fully in the production of human capital in the food and
agricultural sciences.



 North Carolina A&T is receiving an award of $1.12 million, which will be used
to construct a Complex for Urban and Sustainable Agriculture, Food, Education
and Research (C-U-SAFER) building and to establish a student farm. The complex
and farm will provide students opportunities for multi-disciplinary projects, as
well as help the school leverage extramural support from outside organizations
with an interest in sustainable agriculture, local and community food systems.



 Funding awards for 2016 include:



     Alabama A&M University, Huntsville, Ala., $952,989

     Tuskegee University, Tuskegee, Ala., $952,989

     University of Arkansas-Pine Bluff, Pine Bluff., Ark., $904,537

     Delaware State University, Dover, Del., $700,649

     Florida A&M University, Tallahassee, Fla., $917,871

     Fort Valley State University, Fort Valley, Ga., $1,003,446

     Southern University, Baton Rouge, La., $839,111

     Kentucky State University, Frankfort, Ky., $1,085,670

     University of Maryland Eastern Shore, Princess Anne, Md., $806,685

     Lincoln University, Jefferson City, Mo., $1,185,476

     Alcorn State University, Lorman, Miss., $885,952

     North Carolina A&T State University, Greensboro, N.C., $1,120,427

     Central State University, Wilberforce, Ohio, $1,299,243

     Langston University, Langston, Okla., $991,763

     South Carolina State University, Orangeburg, S.C., $873,535

     Prairie View A&M University, Prairie View, Texas, $1,510,894

     Tennessee State University Nashville, Tenn., $1,089,527

     Virginia State University, Petersburg, Va., $993,968

     West Virginia State University, Morgantown, W. Va., $826,068



 Abstracts for the 2016 funded projects can be viewed on NIFA's reporting
website.



 Previously funded projects include a Tennessee State University project that
constructed a 25,000 square-foot Agricultural Biotechnology BuildingThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website.. It contains more than 12 state-of-the-art labs for
cutting-edge research. Prairie View A&M University is currently upgrading their
International Goat Research CenterThis is an external link or third-party site
outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to better
support animal and veterinary sciences research, teaching, and outreach programs
in animal health. The renovations and supporting equipment will assist in
developing a Center of Excellence in Caprine Research, providing agriculture
students with experiential learning opportunities and facilitating delivery of
programs to limited-resource farmers and ranchers.



 NIFA invests in and advances innovative and transformative initiatives to solve
societal challenges and ensure the long-term viability of agriculture. NIFA's
integrated research, education and extension programs support the best and
brightest scientists and extension personnel, and have resulted in user-inspired
groundbreaking discoveries that are combating childhood obesity, improving and
sustaining rural economic growth, addressing water availability issues,
increasing food production, finding new sources of energy, mitigating climate
variability and ensuring food safety. To learn more about NIFA's impact on
agricultural science visit www.nifa.usda.gov/impacts, sign up for email updates
or follow us on Twitter @usda_NIFAThis is an external link or third-party site
outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website.,
#NIFAimpactsThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website..



 This month USDA is celebrating historic progress over the last eight years to
improve the quality of life and access to opportunity for all Americans. Learn
more online in The People's Department: A New Era for Civil Rights at USDAThis
is an external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department
of Agriculture (USDA) website..



 #



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender. To file a complaint
of discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil
Rights, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC
20250-9410 or call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339
(Local or Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

CONGRESSMAN THOMPSON ANNOUNCES $499,794 AWARDED TO Alcorn State University

LENGTH: 170  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Bennie G. Thompson, U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

Today, United States Representative Bennie G. Thompson (D-MS) announced The
United States Department of Agriculture National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) has approved a $499,794 Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative grant to Alcorn State University.

The Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI) provide funding for
research, education, and extension grants and integrated research, extension,
and education grants that address key problems of National, regional, and
multi-state importance in sustaining all components of agriculture, including
farm efficiency and profitability, ranching, renewable energy, forestry (both
urban and agroforestry), aquaculture, rural communities and entrepreneurship,
human nutrition, food safety, biotechnology, and conventional breeding.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

CONGRESSMAN THOMPSON ANNOUNCES $499,794 AWARDED TO Alcorn State University

LENGTH: 170  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Bennie G. Thompson, U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

Today, United States Representative Bennie G. Thompson (D-MS) announced The
United States Department of Agriculture National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) has approved a $499,794 Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative grant to Alcorn State University.

The Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI) provide funding for
research, education, and extension grants and integrated research, extension,
and education grants that address key problems of National, regional, and
multi-state importance in sustaining all components of agriculture, including
farm efficiency and profitability, ranching, renewable energy, forestry (both
urban and agroforestry), aquaculture, rural communities and entrepreneurship,
human nutrition, food safety, biotechnology, and conventional breeding.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 26, 2015 Monday

Washington: Senator Stabenow Announces New Federal Funding to Help Expand
Detroit's Urban Agriculture Efforts

LENGTH: 360 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, ranking member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today visited Frederick Douglass Academy
for Young Men to highlight National Farm to School month and announce new
federal funding headed to Detroit to help bolster local food production.





 "Detroit continues to be a national leader in efforts to expand urban
agriculture," Stabenow said. "From students at Fredrick Douglass growing fresh
produce for their school meals to job training by groups like Greening of
Detroit, the City is showcasing the great work being done across Michigan. Urban
agriculture is an exciting way to bring a new generation into farming which is
one important reason I made this a priority in the Farm Bill."



 At Fredrick Douglass, Stabenow announced $4,000 in new funding from the United
States Department of Agriculture that will lead to expanded opportunities for
students. Currently, students are growing produce that can be used in the school
cafeteria but are limited by the short growing seasons. This funding will help
expand those opportunities to ensure students can grow fresh food year round.
Additionally, Fredrick Douglass students use their school garden as a living
classroom to learn how to market and sell produce at local farmers markets,
developing skills that will prepare them for new jobs after graduation.



 Stabenow also highlighted an additional $100,000 in new federal funding for
Greening of Detroit who will partner with the Detroit Black Community Food
Security Network to help train young adults in Wayne County interested in
farming and entering the growing farm-to-fork restaurant scene in Detroit.



 As Chairwoman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, Stabenow authored the 2014
Farm Bill which makes historic investments in local food initiatives including
support for organics, farmers markets, urban and school gardens, local food
hubs, and new support for fruit and vegetable growers.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           February 25, 2014 Tuesday

California ag secretary takes a spin around Chico State farm

BYLINE: By Heather Hacking hhacking@chicoer.com @HeatherHacking on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 638 words


Chico >> "We need to reconnect farmers with consumers and create an ag-literate
populace," said Karen Ross, secretary of California Department of Food and
Agriculture, who spoke to students at the Chico State University Farm Tuesday.
"If people don't understand agriculture, we lose policy that keeps our food
secure."

A fortunate outcome of the drought is that people have become more aware of ag
issues, Ross said. People are "paying more attention" and learning that with
drought, land isn't farmed, which means fewer jobs and impacts to local
economies.

Ross was in Chico Tuesday as guest speaker at the Chico Rotary Club. She also
toured the University Farm before meeting with students and local ag leaders.

The state Department of Agriculture has a lot going on, with 400 commodities
grown in the state, and ongoing efforts to prevent the spread of animal
diseases, invasive species and pests.

In addition to growing products used throughout the United States, California is
also a major entryway for imports, she said.

This provides many challenges. Wood packaging on cargo ships is an especially
important issue for keeping pests from crossing into the United States, Ross
said.

As is the case with many government programs, CDFA is doing more with less, The
budget was trimmed by 33 percent in the past two years, Ross said.

The strategy, for pests and weeds for example, will be to "identify high-risk
pathways," rather than "waiting at the borders."

One student asked about a recent proposal by the governor to eliminate grant
funding for FFA ag education.

When asked how to lobby against this move, Ross said students themselves can
send a powerful message. Students in the "blue jackets" of FFA can and should
"stand up at school board meetings" and talk about the importance of investing
in youth, she continued.

Jamie Johansson, a member of the Butte County Farm Bureau, said Assembly Bill
2033 has been introduced to reinstate the $4.1 million in grant funding that is
on the chopping block.

What about conflicting messages that come from various sectors of agriculture,
asked Dave Daley, an instructor at Chico State?

Ross said there is room for many different segments of the food industry
organic and conventional and all the variations in between.

"Consumers want assurance that they have a choice," Ross said. Having many
different markets also provides opportunities for producers. She said she knows
many farmers who grow organic fields, as well as genetically modified foods, to
meet different market demands.

Embracing diversity provides resilience, she said.

The problem is when it feels like "us vs. them."

For students wondering which direction to go with after college, Ross encouraged
young people to consider careers with CDFA and USDA. Many people are at
retirement age, and a fresh workforce is welcome, she said.

For any ag producer, it's important to be able to communicate, and to clearly
express themselves through writing, she added.

The stories of the farm cannot be told in "140 characters," the length of a
Twitter entry. Also, the ability to communicate science to non-farmers will
become increasingly important, Ross noted.

Another job gap will be in farm management, Ross said. A trillion dollars worth
of ag assets are ready to transition to new leadership, as farmers reach older
ages.

Ross said climate change is another topic frequently discussed.

Farming has always included adaptation, Ross said, from equipment use to ongoing
plant research. As the world population increases and open land decreases,
improvements to farming will continue. Her dream, Ross said, is that plant
breeders develop plants that provide food, and also useful byproducts. Or
perhaps plants will be developed that help improve groundwater problems or other
land issues, Ross said.

Contact reporter Heather Hacking at 896-7758.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Karen Ross, Ca Ag Secretary speaks at the University Farm
Karen Ross, Ca Ag Secretary speaks at the University Farm
Karen Ross, Ca Ag Secretary speaks at the University Farm
Karen Ross, Ca Ag Secretary speaks at the University Farm
Karen Ross, Ca Ag Secretary speaks at the University Farm

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                          February 26, 2014 Wednesday

California ag secretary takes a spin around Chico State farm

BYLINE: By Heather Hacking hhacking@chicoer.com @HeatherHacking on Twitter

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 638 words


Chico >> "We need to reconnect farmers with consumers and create an ag-literate
populace," said Karen Ross, secretary of California Department of Food and
Agriculture, who spoke to students at the Chico State University Farm Tuesday.
"If people don't understand agriculture, we lose policy that keeps our food
secure."

A fortunate outcome of the drought is that people have become more aware of ag
issues, Ross said. People are "paying more attention" and learning that with
drought, land isn't farmed, which means fewer jobs and impacts to local
economies.

Ross was in Chico Tuesday as guest speaker at the Chico Rotary Club. She also
toured the University Farm before meeting with students and local ag leaders.

The state Department of Agriculture has a lot going on, with 400 commodities
grown in the state, and ongoing efforts to prevent the spread of animal
diseases, invasive species and pests.

In addition to growing products used throughout the United States, California is
also a major entryway for imports, she said.

This provides many challenges. Wood packaging on cargo ships is an especially
important issue for keeping pests from crossing into the United States, Ross
said.

As is the case with many government programs, CDFA is doing more with less, The
budget was trimmed by 33 percent in the past two years, Ross said.

The strategy, for pests and weeds for example, will be to "identify high-risk
pathways," rather than "waiting at the borders."

One student asked about a recent proposal by the governor to eliminate grant
funding for FFA ag education.

When asked how to lobby against this move, Ross said students themselves can
send a powerful message. Students in the "blue jackets" of FFA can and should
"stand up at school board meetings" and talk about the importance of investing
in youth, she continued.

Jamie Johansson, a member of the Butte County Farm Bureau, said Assembly Bill
2033 has been introduced to reinstate the $4.1 million in grant funding that is
on the chopping block.

What about conflicting messages that come from various sectors of agriculture,
asked Dave Daley, an instructor at Chico State?

Ross said there is room for many different segments of the food industry
organic and conventional and all the variations in between.

"Consumers want assurance that they have a choice," Ross said. Having many
different markets also provides opportunities for producers. She said she knows
many farmers who grow organic fields, as well as genetically modified foods, to
meet different market demands.

Embracing diversity provides resilience, she said.

The problem is when it feels like "us vs. them."

For students wondering which direction to go with after college, Ross encouraged
young people to consider careers with CDFA and USDA. Many people are at
retirement age, and a fresh workforce is welcome, she said.

For any ag producer, it's important to be able to communicate, and to clearly
express themselves through writing, she added.

The stories of the farm cannot be told in "140 characters," the length of a
Twitter entry. Also, the ability to communicate science to non-farmers will
become increasingly important, Ross noted.

Another job gap will be in farm management, Ross said. A trillion dollars worth
of ag assets are ready to transition to new leadership, as farmers reach older
ages.

Ross said climate change is another topic frequently discussed.

Farming has always included adaptation, Ross said, from equipment use to ongoing
plant research. As the world population increases and open land decreases,
improvements to farming will continue. Her dream, Ross said, is that plant
breeders develop plants that provide food, and also useful byproducts. Or
perhaps plants will be developed that help improve groundwater problems or other
land issues, Ross said.

Contact reporter Heather Hacking at 896-7758.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Karen Ross, Ca Ag Secretary speaks at the University Farm
Karen Ross, Ca Ag Secretary speaks at the University Farm
Karen Ross, Ca Ag Secretary speaks at the University Farm
Karen Ross, Ca Ag Secretary speaks at the University Farm
Karen Ross, Ca Ag Secretary speaks at the University Farm

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 21, 2014

Delaware fruit and vegetable projects receive federal funding

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 359  words


Nine research and marketing projects supporting Delaware fruits and vegetables
will receive $337,000 in federal funding, Delaware Secretary of Agriculture Ed
Kee announced Oct. 2.

"These projects will continue helping make a difference for Delaware farmers,"
Kee said. "Our project partners have an excellent set of programs lined up, from
researching nutrient application to promoting Delaware wines. This funding all
helps promote, enhance and grow our agricultural economy."

In promotion and marketing projects, the Delaware Farm Bureau received a $50,000
grant and will launch a billboard campaign promoting fruits, vegetables,
farmstands, farmers markets and grocers. The Delaware Wineries Association will
market Delaware wines and promote local grape cultivation with a grant of
$48,166. The Department of Agriculture's Marketing Section will develop recipe
cards and an online recipe hub featuring fresh produce with a $17,351 grant.

Food safety grants include one for $29,457 to the Department of Agriculture's
Food Products Inspection Section to help growers subsidize the cost of USDA
third-party food safety audits that are increasingly required by retailers. The
University of Delaware will examine food safety regarding watermelons grown in
fields to which poultry manure has been applied with a grant of $45,904.

New markets grants include one of $49,999 to Delaware State University to help
farmers from underserved communities grow organic blueberries. Georgetown
landowner Steven Greenblatt will work with research and marketing partners to
evaluate the commercial potential of Asian persimmons grown in Delaware with a
$36,724 award.

Research and education grants to the University of Delaware include one of
$26,865 to develop resources and training programs on vegetable production and
$33,000 to conduct research on fertilizer use on plasticulture-grown
drip-irrigated vegetables. The funding comes from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, through the federal Farm Bill,
and is an increase of more than $100,000 over last year.

Specialty crops are a broad category that cannot be used for field crops.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Cape Gazette


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Weiser Signal American (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 24, 2014

Department of Ag receives USDA Farm to School grant

BYLINE: Weiser Signal American staff

LENGTH: 393  words


Idaho will continue increasing the amount of local foods used in school lunch
menus as a result of being name a recipient of a national Farm to School grant.
The United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Food and Nutrition Service
(FNS) announced recently that it has selected the Idaho State Department of
Agriculture to receive funding through a Farm to School Conference and Event
Grant.

Idaho was selected from nearly 100 applicants across the country who were
considered for some of the limited funding available through this inaugural
round of USDA Farm to School Conference and Event Grants.

Funding from this grant will support four seminars across Idaho designed to
increase use of local foods on school lunch menus. The first conference will be
held in February for producers who would like to learn more about marketing to
school food service, including procurement, nutrition standards, food safety
requirements and the bid process.

Three regional workshops also will be held across the state in the summer of
2015 to help school foodservice personnel find ways to incorporate more local
foods into their menus. The workshops will include farm tours, seasonality
issues, geographic preference in bids, recipe ideas, menu development and
hands-on skill development to utilize more fresh foods in school kitchens.

According to the USDA announcement, Idaho was chosen to receive a Farm to School
Conference and Event Grant because previous Farm to School programs - including
two pilot projects and one statewide conference in 2012 - demonstrated strong
experience and readiness to host a conference that builds capacity among local
and regional foods system stakeholders, has partners in place to disseminate
accurate and valuable information, and proposed a reasonable scope and budget.

The USDA found that Idaho's goals were closely aligned with national
initiatives, giving them confidence that the statewide project will help build
stronger local economies and improve school meal programs.

"We are very pleased to have been awarded this USDA Farm to School grant," said
Celia Gould, director of the Idaho State Department of Agriculture. "It will
allow us to continue to work with our Farm to School partners to provide
information to producers and to schools that will lead to more healthy, local
foods being served to Idaho's school children."

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEI

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 Weiser Signal American


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            August 8, 1998 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Summit says ag prices must increase

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 509 words


OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) -- The bottom line for United States agri- culture is that
prices must increase and international trade must be made fair, government
representa- tives from 16 Great Plains states said Friday.  "This crisis that
threatens Ameri- can agriculture affects us all," Gov. Ben Nelson of Nebraska
said follow- ing the daylong Plains States Sum- mit in Oklahoma City on Friday.

The summit was called to discuss the financial crisis affecting the na- tion's
farmers and to draft proposed solutions. Members of the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture and the estimated 200 summit participants
agreed on 22 policy recommendations to pass on to members of Congress, the U.S.
Department of Agriculture and the Clinton administration.  Among the emergency
recom- mendations agreed upon were in- creased funding for indemnity programs
for farmers, flood com- pensation and congressional pas- sage of an emergency
supplemental appropriation for Farm Service Agency loan programs of at least $85
million.  Other recommendations included trade enhancements, replenishing and
increasing funding to the Inter- national Monetary Fund and the exemption of
food exports from U.S. sanctions.  The governors of four agriculture states said
that of primary impor- tance is the improvement of trade standards.  "We have to
get price movement for our farmers and ranchers," said Gov. Ed Schafer of North
Dakota. "To get that, I believe the adminis- tration must become far more ag-
gressive in trade. Our competitors are outbargaining us and outwork- ing us and
our farmers are out of business."  Gov. Bill Janklow of South Dako- ta said
America has to stop being willing to trade with countries he says cheat at
trade.  "They want to shove their goods into the world, but they want to un-
fairly cheat on products coming into their country," Janklow said.  He said
Canada does not accept federal certification on American beef for import and
makes it ex- tremely difficult to export products there.  "The failure of NAFTA
was they didn't have a second "F' in it -- "free and fair trade,"' Nelson said.
"We have to do something about the commodity overhang that is hanging on the
market," Janklow said. "Writing checks and loaning money is not the answer,
either short term or long term. Our govern- ment needs to step up to the plate
now and do something about pur- chasing and distributing to the hun- gry people
of the world the excess commodities that we are able to produce in this
country." Those attending the conference stated adamantly that the federal
government must stop using food products when imposing interna- tional
sanctions.  Not only does that hurt people in need in those countries, they
said, it further depresses already rock-bot- tom prices.  And boosting prices is
the under- lying goal, they said.  Years of depressed pricing across the
spectrum of farming and ranching production have only been exacerbated by
natural disasters such as the flooding and drought that have hammered American
ag- riculture, they said.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1998 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                 January 30, 2003 Thursday, RT. 9 WEST EDITION

Applications being accepted for farm program

BYLINE: Frederick A. Smock; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 343 words

DATELINE: HOLDEN



- Applications are now being accepted for a popular federal conservation
cost-sharing program for farmers.

The Natural Resources Conservation Service, which is part of the United States
Department of Agriculture, is accepting applications for the Environmental
Quality Incentives Program. The program has been revised for 2003 in an effort
to make it more farmer-friendly. Applications can be submitted throughout the
year, but farmers are reminded that the lion's share of the EQIP funding is
usually allocated in the spring.

State Conservationist Cecile B. Currin said a ''significant increase in funding
for the EQIP program this year'' is anticipated. ''This means that more farmers
will be able to participate, more projects can be funded and more conservation
projects will get completed,'' he said.

EQIP provides technical assistance with conservation planning and provides
cost-share dollars directly to farmers to offset the cost of conservation
project.

The goal of EQIP for 2003 is to promote agricultural production while optimizing
benefits to the environment, the NRCS officials said. A wider variety of
conservation projects will be eligible for cost-sharing funding in 2003,
including some innovative practices. In general, farmers can use EQIP funding
for agricultural waste management systems, livestock grazing systems, crop
management systems, nutrient management, pest management, forest improvement and
erosion control.

The 2002 federal Farm Bill has made several changes to the EQIP program
including: all areas of the state are eligible for the program; the maximum
contract limit has been increased from $50,000 to $450,000; the raking process
has been streamlined; there is a requirement for a comprehensive management plan
of the contract that includes a manure waste system.

EQIP is one of many types of conservation assistance offered by the NRCS. For
more information, either locate your local NRCS office in the phone book, visit
www.ma.nrcs.usda.gov/map.htm or call (413) 253-4351 to ask for a referral.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2003 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Illinois: USDA Awards Grants to Address Water Quality, Availability in
Agriculture Communities

LENGTH: 875  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, April 7, 2015 - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) today announced 21 grants totaling more
than $10 million have been awarded to universities to support critical water
problems in rural and agricultural watersheds across the United States. The
awards were made through NIFA's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI)
Water for Agriculture challenge area and the National Integrated Water Quality
Program.

"Water is our most precious resource, one that is essential for both human
survival and well-being and for our ability to grow our crops and livestock,"
said Sonny Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "By funding research, extension, and
education for citizens and the agriculture community, we are able to proactively
create solutions to water-related issues like drought and its impact on food
security."

The AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area was first introduced in fiscal
year (FY) 2014, and these grants represent the first year of funding for the
program. Funded projects link social, economic, and behavioral sciences with
traditional biophysical sciences and engineering to address regional scale
issues with shared hydrological processes, and meteorological and basin
characteristics. Fiscal year 2014 Water for Agriculture grants recipients are:

University of California, Riverside, Calif., $149,990
    Georgia College and State University, Milledgeville, Ga., $56,943
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $999,438
    Michigan State University, East Lansing, Mich., $900,000
    University of Missouri, Kansas City, Mo., $148,995
    University of Nevada, Reno, Nev., $500,000
    State University of New York's College of Environmental Science and
Forestry, Syracuse, N.Y., $128,511
    Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio, $49,968
    Clemson University, Clemson, S.C., $150,000
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $900,000
    West Texas A&M University, Canyon, Texas, $149,777
    University of Texas at El Paso, El Paso, Texas, $900,000
    Utah State University, Logan, Utah, $49,534
    University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisc., $900,000

This year's projects include the University of Nevada's Coordinated Agricultural
Program designed to increase research and participatory engagement with American
Indians and assess the impacts of climate change on future water supplies and
enhance the climate resiliency of tribal agriculture. Another project from
Clemson University will integrate remote sensing products and weather forecast
information for farmers and growers to address the best products, increase
agricultural drought indices, and develop an agricultural drought forecasting
model to provide near real-time feedback.

NIFA is expected to make $30 million available over the next five years for the
AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area, with the expectation that the new
projects awarded this fiscal year would receive additional funds (based on
available funding) if they achievement project objectives and milestones.

The FY 2015 request for applications for the AFRI Water for Agriculture
challenge was released on February 18, 2015. Applications are due July 16, 2015.

NIFA also funded projects through the National Integrated Water Quality Program
(NIWQP) for science-based decision making and management practices that improve
the quality and quantity of the Nation's water resources in agricultural, rural,
and urbanizing watersheds. Applicants were asked to develop the science behind
the most appropriate drought triggers and provide an understanding of the
connection between trigger levels and drought management responses or decisions;
or provide estimates of the economic value of water across different uses. The
approaches to estimating water values will reflect uncertainties associated with
future weather and climate conditions. Quantifying the value of water will
provide valuable signals to agricultural producers, rural communities, and
policy makers to aid decision-making for allocating agricultural water use
across consumptive or non-consumptive uses.

Fiscal Year 2014 NIWQP grant recipients are:

Colorado State University, Ft. Collins, Colo., $659,954
    University of Connecticut, Storrs, Conn., $750,000
    University of Florida, Gainesville, Fla., $659,676
    Indiana University, Bloomington, Ind., $659,839
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa, $660,000
    South Dakota State University, Brookings, S.D., $227,135
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $659,926

This year's projects include South Dakota State University's research to
identify drought triggers, develop mitigation plans, investigate socio-economic
factors associated with new technology adoption, and educate different age
groups of students about drought issues. The University of Tennessee will
execute a long-term plan to assist agricultural producers, policymakers, and
communities throughout the Southeastern United States as they adapt to water
scarcity by efficiently allocating water and adopting water-conserving practices
and technologies.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: USDA Awards Grants to Address Water Quality, Availability in
Agriculture Communities

LENGTH: 875  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, April 7, 2015 - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) today announced 21 grants totaling more
than $10 million have been awarded to universities to support critical water
problems in rural and agricultural watersheds across the United States. The
awards were made through NIFA's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI)
Water for Agriculture challenge area and the National Integrated Water Quality
Program.

"Water is our most precious resource, one that is essential for both human
survival and well-being and for our ability to grow our crops and livestock,"
said Sonny Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "By funding research, extension, and
education for citizens and the agriculture community, we are able to proactively
create solutions to water-related issues like drought and its impact on food
security."

The AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area was first introduced in fiscal
year (FY) 2014, and these grants represent the first year of funding for the
program. Funded projects link social, economic, and behavioral sciences with
traditional biophysical sciences and engineering to address regional scale
issues with shared hydrological processes, and meteorological and basin
characteristics. Fiscal year 2014 Water for Agriculture grants recipients are:

University of California, Riverside, Calif., $149,990
    Georgia College and State University, Milledgeville, Ga., $56,943
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $999,438
    Michigan State University, East Lansing, Mich., $900,000
    University of Missouri, Kansas City, Mo., $148,995
    University of Nevada, Reno, Nev., $500,000
    State University of New York's College of Environmental Science and
Forestry, Syracuse, N.Y., $128,511
    Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio, $49,968
    Clemson University, Clemson, S.C., $150,000
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $900,000
    West Texas A&M University, Canyon, Texas, $149,777
    University of Texas at El Paso, El Paso, Texas, $900,000
    Utah State University, Logan, Utah, $49,534
    University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisc., $900,000

This year's projects include the University of Nevada's Coordinated Agricultural
Program designed to increase research and participatory engagement with American
Indians and assess the impacts of climate change on future water supplies and
enhance the climate resiliency of tribal agriculture. Another project from
Clemson University will integrate remote sensing products and weather forecast
information for farmers and growers to address the best products, increase
agricultural drought indices, and develop an agricultural drought forecasting
model to provide near real-time feedback.

NIFA is expected to make $30 million available over the next five years for the
AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area, with the expectation that the new
projects awarded this fiscal year would receive additional funds (based on
available funding) if they achievement project objectives and milestones.

The FY 2015 request for applications for the AFRI Water for Agriculture
challenge was released on February 18, 2015. Applications are due July 16, 2015.

NIFA also funded projects through the National Integrated Water Quality Program
(NIWQP) for science-based decision making and management practices that improve
the quality and quantity of the Nation's water resources in agricultural, rural,
and urbanizing watersheds. Applicants were asked to develop the science behind
the most appropriate drought triggers and provide an understanding of the
connection between trigger levels and drought management responses or decisions;
or provide estimates of the economic value of water across different uses. The
approaches to estimating water values will reflect uncertainties associated with
future weather and climate conditions. Quantifying the value of water will
provide valuable signals to agricultural producers, rural communities, and
policy makers to aid decision-making for allocating agricultural water use
across consumptive or non-consumptive uses.

Fiscal Year 2014 NIWQP grant recipients are:

Colorado State University, Ft. Collins, Colo., $659,954
    University of Connecticut, Storrs, Conn., $750,000
    University of Florida, Gainesville, Fla., $659,676
    Indiana University, Bloomington, Ind., $659,839
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa, $660,000
    South Dakota State University, Brookings, S.D., $227,135
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $659,926

This year's projects include South Dakota State University's research to
identify drought triggers, develop mitigation plans, investigate socio-economic
factors associated with new technology adoption, and educate different age
groups of students about drought issues. The University of Tennessee will
execute a long-term plan to assist agricultural producers, policymakers, and
communities throughout the Southeastern United States as they adapt to water
scarcity by efficiently allocating water and adopting water-conserving practices
and technologies.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: USDA Awards Grants to Address Water Quality, Availability in
Agriculture Communities

LENGTH: 875  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, April 7, 2015 - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) today announced 21 grants totaling more
than $10 million have been awarded to universities to support critical water
problems in rural and agricultural watersheds across the United States. The
awards were made through NIFA's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI)
Water for Agriculture challenge area and the National Integrated Water Quality
Program.

"Water is our most precious resource, one that is essential for both human
survival and well-being and for our ability to grow our crops and livestock,"
said Sonny Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "By funding research, extension, and
education for citizens and the agriculture community, we are able to proactively
create solutions to water-related issues like drought and its impact on food
security."

The AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area was first introduced in fiscal
year (FY) 2014, and these grants represent the first year of funding for the
program. Funded projects link social, economic, and behavioral sciences with
traditional biophysical sciences and engineering to address regional scale
issues with shared hydrological processes, and meteorological and basin
characteristics. Fiscal year 2014 Water for Agriculture grants recipients are:

University of California, Riverside, Calif., $149,990
    Georgia College and State University, Milledgeville, Ga., $56,943
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $999,438
    Michigan State University, East Lansing, Mich., $900,000
    University of Missouri, Kansas City, Mo., $148,995
    University of Nevada, Reno, Nev., $500,000
    State University of New York's College of Environmental Science and
Forestry, Syracuse, N.Y., $128,511
    Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio, $49,968
    Clemson University, Clemson, S.C., $150,000
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $900,000
    West Texas A&M University, Canyon, Texas, $149,777
    University of Texas at El Paso, El Paso, Texas, $900,000
    Utah State University, Logan, Utah, $49,534
    University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisc., $900,000

This year's projects include the University of Nevada's Coordinated Agricultural
Program designed to increase research and participatory engagement with American
Indians and assess the impacts of climate change on future water supplies and
enhance the climate resiliency of tribal agriculture. Another project from
Clemson University will integrate remote sensing products and weather forecast
information for farmers and growers to address the best products, increase
agricultural drought indices, and develop an agricultural drought forecasting
model to provide near real-time feedback.

NIFA is expected to make $30 million available over the next five years for the
AFRI Water for Agriculture challenge area, with the expectation that the new
projects awarded this fiscal year would receive additional funds (based on
available funding) if they achievement project objectives and milestones.

The FY 2015 request for applications for the AFRI Water for Agriculture
challenge was released on February 18, 2015. Applications are due July 16, 2015.

NIFA also funded projects through the National Integrated Water Quality Program
(NIWQP) for science-based decision making and management practices that improve
the quality and quantity of the Nation's water resources in agricultural, rural,
and urbanizing watersheds. Applicants were asked to develop the science behind
the most appropriate drought triggers and provide an understanding of the
connection between trigger levels and drought management responses or decisions;
or provide estimates of the economic value of water across different uses. The
approaches to estimating water values will reflect uncertainties associated with
future weather and climate conditions. Quantifying the value of water will
provide valuable signals to agricultural producers, rural communities, and
policy makers to aid decision-making for allocating agricultural water use
across consumptive or non-consumptive uses.

Fiscal Year 2014 NIWQP grant recipients are:

Colorado State University, Ft. Collins, Colo., $659,954
    University of Connecticut, Storrs, Conn., $750,000
    University of Florida, Gainesville, Fla., $659,676
    Indiana University, Bloomington, Ind., $659,839
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa, $660,000
    South Dakota State University, Brookings, S.D., $227,135
    University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn., $659,926

This year's projects include South Dakota State University's research to
identify drought triggers, develop mitigation plans, investigate socio-economic
factors associated with new technology adoption, and educate different age
groups of students about drought issues. The University of Tennessee will
execute a long-term plan to assist agricultural producers, policymakers, and
communities throughout the Southeastern United States as they adapt to water
scarcity by efficiently allocating water and adopting water-conserving practices
and technologies.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 6, 2014

DDA to hold May 14 workshop for Specialty Crop Grant Program

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 216  words


More than $336,000 in federal grant funding is now available for projects to
help produce, market or access Delaware-grown fruit, vegetables and certain
other crops. The Delaware Department of Agriculture is now accepting
applications for the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program through Monday, June 9.

The program, funded through the federal Farm Bill, covers products known as
specialty crops, including fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture. Delaware has just over
$336,000 available for grants. Projects may run for one to three years.

Applications must be submitted by agricultural producers, nonprofit
organizations, government entities, for-profit companies or educational
institutions based in Delaware or with a business or educational affiliation
here. Funding cannot be used for field crops, such as corn and soybeans, or
animal agriculture. An informational grant workshop will be held from 4 to 5
p.m., Wednesday, May 14, at the Delaware Department of Agriculture, 2320 South
DuPont Highway, Dover.

Applications are available at de.gov/scbg2014, or from DDA marketing specialist
JoAnn Walston at 302-698-4592 or joann. walston@state.de.us Applications must be
received by 4:30 p.m., June 9. A review team will rank applications.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Cape Gazette


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   The Original Irregular (Kingfield, Maine)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 25, 2013

Geneva Wood Fuels in Strong receives USDA funding

BYLINE: The Original Irregular staff

LENGTH: 370  words


OMAHA, Neb. -- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced recently that the
department is making payments to support the production of advanced biofuel.
USDA is making nearly $15.5 million in payments to 188 producers through the
Advanced Biofuel Payment Program.

Among those 188 were five from Maine and one of those was Geneva Wood Fuels in
Strong.

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien made the announcement
on Vilsack's behalf in Omaha, Neb., at the National Advanced Biofuels
Conference. The United States Department of Agriculture remains focused on
carrying out its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty. The
announcement is one part of the department's efforts to strengthen the rural
economy.

The funding is being provided through USDA's Advanced Biofuel Payment Program,
which was established in the 2008 Farm Bill. Under this program, payments are
made to eligible producers based on the amount of advanced biofuels produced
from renewable biomass, other than corn kernel starch. Examples of eligible
feedstocks include but are not limited to: crop residue; animal, food and yard
waste; vegetable oil; and animal fat.

All four of Maine's pellet companies have received payments for a total of
$42,966 invested in Maine's biofuel industry:

Geneva Wood Fuels LLC in Strong received $13,374 to produce wood pellets.

Maine Woods Pellet Company LLC in Athens received $24,127 to produce wood
pellets.

Corinth Wood Pellets LLC received $3,081 to produce wood pellets.

Northeast Pellets LLC in Ashland received $2,384 to produce wood pellets.

USDA Rural Development has area offices in Presque Isle, Bangor, Lewiston and
Scarborough, as well as a State Office in Bangor. There are 62 employees working
to deliver the agency's housing, business and community programs, which are
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents and farmers, and improve the quality of life in rural Maine. USDA
Rural Development invested a total of $402.5 million in Maine communities last
Fiscal Year.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's website

www.rurdev.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORI

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 The Original Irregular


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

Arizona: USDA Helps Open and Expand Export Markets for U.S. Agriculture

LENGTH: 601  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) Foreign Agricultural Service has awarded funding to more
than 60 U.S. agricultural organizations to help expand commercial export markets
for American products.

"The Market Access and Foreign Market Development Programs help agricultural
organizations representing thousands of producers and businesses open and grow
markets for American products around the world," Vilsack said. "Exports create
jobs and foster growth that is critically important for rural communities and
our entire nation's economy."

Through the Market Access Program (MAP), Foreign Agricultural Service partners
with U.S. agricultural trade associations, cooperatives, state regional trade
groups and small businesses to share the costs of overseas marketing and
promotional activities that help build commercial export markets for U.S.
agricultural products and commodities. The program, which focuses on consumer
promotion, including brand promotion for small companies and cooperatives, is
used extensively by organizations promoting fruits, vegetables, nuts, processed
products, and bulk and intermediate commodities. Through MAP, the Foreign
Agricultural Service will provide $173.2 million to 62 nonprofit organizations
and cooperatives. Participants contribute an average 214 percent match for
generic marketing and promotion activities and a dollar-for-dollar match for
promotion of branded products by small businesses and cooperatives.

The Foreign Market Development (FMD) Program focuses on trade servicing and
trade capacity building by helping to create, expand and maintain long-term
export markets for U.S. agricultural products. Under FMD, also known as the
Cooperator Program, the Foreign Agricultural Service will allocate $26.7 million
to 22 trade organizations that represent U.S. agricultural producers. USDA's
Foreign Agricultural Service partners with U.S. agricultural producers and
processors, who are represented by non-profit commodity or trade associations
called cooperators. The organizations, which on average contribute nearly triple
the amount they receive in federal resources, will conduct activities that help
maintain or increase the demand for U.S. agricultural commodities overseas.

USDA's international market development programs have had a significant and
positive impact on U.S. agricultural exports. An independent study released in
2010 found that trade promotion programs like MAP and FMD provide $35 in
economic benefits for every dollar spent by government and industry on market
development.

The past six years represent the strongest period for U.S. agricultural exports
in the history of the United States. Farm exports in fiscal year 2014 reached a
record $152.5 billion and supported 1 million jobs in the United States.

Visit www.fas.usda.gov to learn more about the MAP Funding Allocations - FY2015,
the FMD Funding Allocations - FY2015 and other Foreign Agricultural Service
programs.

#

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write to USDA, Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Office of
the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Stop
9410, Washington, DC 20250-9410, or call toll-free at (866) 632-9992 (English)
or (800) 877-8339 (TDD) or (866) 377-8642 (English Federal-relay) or (800)
845-6136 (Spanish Federal-relay).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                           February 17, 2011 Thursday

April 1 deadline set to apply for 2011 Federal Specialty Crop Block Grant
funding

BYLINE: From the Current-Argus Submitted to the Current-Argus

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 265 words


LAS CRUCES -- New Mexicans are invited to apply for this year's Federal
Specialty Crop Block Grant Funding. The deadline to submit concept proposals to
New Mexico Department of Agriculture is Friday, April 1.

"The money is expected to be released by the United States Department of
Agriculture to NMDA, which serves as the fiscal agent, for the purpose of
helping to increase the competitiveness of specialty crops in domestic or
foreign markets," said David Lucero, director for NMDA's Marketing and
Development Division. "The department also works closely with these farmers and
groups in the months after in an effort to support their programs."

The 2008 Farm Bill defines specialty crops as fruits, vegetables, tree nuts,
dried fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture).
Applicants must describe how their project will potentially impact the specialty
crop industry and /or the public rather than a single organization, institution,
or individual. Funding will become available after Oct. 1, 2011.

NMDA will also provide an overview of the grant program and application process
through workshops and/or webinars. The schedule follows:

Santa Fe: March 2, 2011, at the McCune Charitable Foundation office, 345 E.
Alameda. The phone number is (505) 983-8300

Las Cruces: March 4, 2011, in the NMDA conference room, 3190 S. Espina. The
phone number is (575) 646-4929.

For more information go to www.nmda.nmsu.edu or call (575) 646-4929

The deadline to submit concept proposals to NMDA is 5 p.m. Friday, April 1.

The dates for committee review of concept proposals is April 4-15.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Dean John Floros presented his second annual State of the College of Agriculture
address March 25.

LENGTH: 307  words

DATELINE: Manhattan


Kansas State University has issued the following news release:

Kansas State University's College of Agriculture aims to be a top-five
agricultural college in the United States by 2025, and in collaboration with
K-State Research and Extension, it intends to continue serving as a global
destination for education, research and extension. Reaching this feat not only
would benefit the university, but it would benefit the citizens of Kansas and
beyond with immediate solutions to needs in agricultural production.

Agriculture is Kansas' largest economic driver, as it contributes $53 billion to
the Kansas economy and is the state's largest employer, said John Floros, dean
of the college and director of K-State Research and Extension.

In his third year as dean, Floros presented his second annual State of the
College of Agriculture address March 25 on K-State's Manhattan campus. He
discussed celebrating successes that are getting the college closer to a
top-five agricultural college, some of which include growth in the number of
students, faculty and staff success, competitive funding, research expenditures,
private fundraising, and the college's national and international reputation.

On the heels of more cuts in state funding, the college has been able to counter
these budget cuts and embrace change, Floros said. Aside from the amount of
state funding available, all other numbers continue to go up, which is why he is
optimistic that the college will continue to experience success in the future.

"K-State will remain here, but change will happen," Floros said. "We will have
to change, and if we are ahead of change and anticipate it, we are better off.
Let's anticipate budget cuts and figure out ways to counter those."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                       March 21, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

SAMHSA and USDA Collaborate to Help Communities Better Identify Local
Behavioral-Health Issues

LENGTH: 207  words


March 21 -- The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration
(SAMHSA) and the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) today announced
a joint agreement to fund and perform community-level behavioral health
assessment and monitoring.



SAMHSA's Center for Behavioral Health Statistics and Quality provided $3 million
in funding to USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture to conduct this
joint effort, called the Community Assessment and Education to Promote
Behavioral Health Planning and Evaluation (CAPE) project, with Michigan State
University as the lead institution. Utilizing the four Regional Centers for
Rural Development and a multidisciplinary Advisory Council, 10 local pilot sites
were selected for funding in January 2014 through a competitive process.

The information gathered by pilot sites will be used by local public health
officials and other public authorities to augment existing behavioral health
monitoring systems that provide highly accurate national and state level
information. Through local surveys and data gathering, communities can gain
deeper knowledge and skills needed to develop effective prevention and treatment
strategies to address mental and substance use disorders in their areas.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Tri-County News (Kimball, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 10, 2015

Put your innovative farming ideas to the test

BYLINE: Tri-County News staff

LENGTH: 333  words


The Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) announces anew round of funding
for the Sustainable Agriculture Demonstration Grant Program. This 25-year old
program provides small grants to test ideas that could conserve natural
resources, enhance profitability, and improve life on the farm. Nearly $250,000
is available and applications are due in December.

"Farmers are great innovators and always looking for ways to do things better,
but sometimes the risk of trying something new acts as a barrier," said MDA
Program Administrator lulie LaClair. "These grants make it possible for farmers
to test out an idea before adopting it whole hog."

Outside reviewers rank and recommend projects for funding.

Applications from farmers receive priority, but the program also funds Minnesota
nonprofit and educational organizations as long as Minnesota farmers are
meaningfully involved in the project. Projects can last up to three years, and
applicants may receive up to $25,000 for their projects, although many request
less. Grantees must be willing to share what they learn with others.

Since 1989, theMDA's Sustainable Agriculture Demonstration Grant Program has
awarded more than $3 million to 300 statewide projects. Current and past grant
projects are highlighted in the Greenbook: www.mda.state.mn.us/greenbook. They
have included:

Farm diversification using traditional and non-traditional crops and livestock

Cover crops and crop rotations

Conservation tillage

Alternative livestock housing

Input reduction strategies, including nutrient and pesticide management

Onfarm energy production, such as wind, methane, or biomass

Developing/refining marketing opportunities, season extension, and post-harvest
storage and handling Other creative ideas that focus on conservation, energy,
profitability, and/or farmers' quality of life.

The deadline to apply is Dec. 15, 2015. More information and application
materials are available at: www.mda.state.mn.us/grants/grants/demogrant.aspx, or
by calling (651) 201-6012.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCO

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2015 Tri-County News


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND & GIBSON ANNOUNCE OVER $574,000 IN DEPT. OF
AGRICULTURE FUNDING FOR THE NATIONAL YOUNG FARMERS COALITIONâ[#x20ac][TM]S
BEGINNING FARMER AND RANCHER DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM PROJECT

LENGTH: 713  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and Congressman Chris
Gibson today announced $574,150 in federal funding for the National Young
Farmers Coalition (NYFC). This funding was allocated through the U.S. Department
of Agriculture's (USDA) Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
(BFRDP). The National Young Farmers Coalition will use the funding to help
beginner farmers and ranchers across the country make informed financial
decisions when purchasing land so they can build strong, sustainable farm
businesses.





 Specifically, NYFC will provide technical assistance to navigate land access
options including long-term leases, land trust partnerships, mission-driven
farmland investor opportunities, and traditional farm loans - through an
interactive Land Affordability Calculator Tool. NYFC will also host a series of
ten webinars and eight in-person trainings focusing on assessing and evaluating
financial decisions.



 "Now, more than ever, we must ensure that young and beginning farmers have the
tools and knowledge they need to lay the groundwork for successful farms," said
Senator Schumer. "This funding will help plant the seeds of a long, prosperous
future for the state's agriculture industry. I'm proud to stand with New York's
farmers, and I'm committed to securing the resources they need to succeed."



 "This federal funding will help new farmers across the nation learn the skills
they need to start and grow successful farms," said Senator Gillibrand, the
first New York Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40
years. "The National Young Farmers Coalition will provide financial advice and
learning opportunities for aspiring farmers to begin or build their operations.
The NYFC will help new farmers build strong financial foundations in the Hudson
Valley, where NYFC is based, and throughout all of New York. I'll continue to
fight for investments like this one to help make sure New York agriculture
continues to thrive and be an economic anchor in our state."



 "As a member of the House Agriculture Committee, I have been proud to partner
with the National Young Farmers Coalition to protect the Beginning Farmer and
Rancher Development Program and advocate for legislation that will bring more
people into agriculture," said Congressman Gibson. "As the majority of our
farmers near retirement, we will need at least 100,000 new farmers to take their
place. I am delighted the NYFC has secured this grant to help us reach that
goal, safeguarding the rural landscape and economy and providing Americans with
the food and fiber we need to be a self-reliant nation."



 "The National Young Farmers Coalition is thrilled to receive funding through
the USDA's Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program. This funding will
enable NYFC to deliver critically needed financial decision making tools and
training to farmers to help them navigate the land access process. With more
than two-thirds of privately-held U.S. farmland changing hands in the next two
decades and farmers over 65 outnumbering farmers under 35 by six-to-one, now is
the time to ensure that the next generation of farmers have the tools and
resources they need to gain access to land and establish strong, sustainable
farm businesses," said Lindsey Lusher Shute, NYFC's Executive Director.



 USDA will provide funding for 37 projects across 27 states and the District of
Columbia totaling $17.8 million. The National Young Farmers Coalition is one of
two New York State recipients of funding for BFRDP.



 The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program was first established by
the 2008 Farm Bill and continued in 2014. The program provides support to those
who have farmed or ranched for less than ten years. BFRDP supports educational
programs to assist beginner farmers and ranchers who have less than ten years of
experience in the industry, including veterans and socially disadvantaged
farmers. The program supports workshops, educational teams, training, and
technical assistance throughout the United States.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   The Blair Press (Blair-Taylor, Wisconsin)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 15, 2009

Senate sends agriculture bill for dairy farmers to president

BYLINE: The Blair Press-Taylor staff

LENGTH: 318  words


WASHINGTON, DC - The U.S. Senate today voted to send the FY2010 Agriculture
Appropriations Bill, which contains $350 million in additional assistance for
dairy farmers championed by Senator Herb Kohl and Wisconsin Congressman Dave
Obey, to the President for his signature. Kohl is the chairman of the Senate
Agriculture Appropriations panel, with the responsibility of winning
Congressional support for the annual funding measure. The bill was passed by the
House of Representatives yesterday.

"I trust that the Secretary of Agriculture will work to get this funding out
quickly and into the right hands. We are all acutely aware of the hardships
affecting dairy farming, which seems to have been hit from all directions this
year. I hope this funding will bring a measure of relief to those who are
struggling," Kohl said.

Farmers are grappling with milk prices that have fallen to historic lows, while
the costs of production

- including feed, fertilizer, and fuel-have grown. The Agriculture
Appropriations Bill includes $60 million in cheese and dairy product purchases
for food banks and other nutrition and feeding programs, and $290 million in
direct support to dairy farmers using guidelines to be determined by the
Secretary of Agriculture under an expedited process.

Kohl and Obey have worked together for more than 10 years to ensure a better
milk price safety net through direct payments when prices are low, and both
supported provisions in the 2008 farm bill to strengthen the MILC program
through inclusion of a 'feed cost adjuster' designed to enhance MILC payments
when farmers need them most.

From January through April of 2009, the U.S. all-milk price has averaged $4.80
per hundredweight below the U.S. average cash cost of production. During fiscal
year 2009, the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Farm Service Agency has
made more than $143 million in MILC payments to Wisconsin farmers.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BLP

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2009 The Blair Press Taylor


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           September 20, 2010 Monday

PROMOTIONAL FUNDS BOOSTING SMALL WV COMPANIES' EXPORT SALES

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: West Virginia


West Virginia, Sept. 20 -- The West Virginia state has issued following press
release:

The Southern United States Trade Association (SUSTA) is now accepting
applications for the 2011 Branded Program. U.S. exporters are tapping into
marketing resources like the Branded Program and expanding their businesses in
what most would consider tough times. SUSTA provided Market Access Program (MAP)
Branded funding to more than 70 small firms in 2009, with participants reporting
nearly $95 million in sales as a result of their promotions. The MAP Branded
Program is funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Foreign Agricultural
Service (USDA/FAS) and administered to southern U.S. companies by SUSTA. West
Virginia is a member of this regional trade group, and eligible firms are
encouraged to apply for funding.

West Virginia Agriculture Commissioner Gus R. Douglass is a founding member of
the organization and serves on its board of directors.

"West Virginia agricultural companies and agents are eligible for this funding
as they explore international markets. As key trading partners become more
accessible through trade agreements and treaties, West Virginia is poised to
strengthen its international presence in the food marketplace. The WVDA is
currently working with in-state companies in established markets such as Canada,
and developing markets such as Australia. I encourage them to consider these
matching funds as they enter international commerce," said Commissioner
Douglass.

With the help of the MAP Branded Program, which reimburses 50 percent of
members' international marketing costs, growers and food producers are able to
plant the marketing dollar "seed" and double their promotional budget.
Advertising, trade shows, labeling and freight are just a few of the expenses
MAP Branded can cover. To be eligible for the Branded program, companies must be
considered small according to U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA)
standards, have yearly sales of at least $100,000, and promote a brand-name
product that is at least 50 percent U.S. agricultural origin.

MAP Branded funds are available throughout the year as long as funds are
available. Most companies plan their upcoming international calendar and then
apply early for funds for the upcoming year.

For more information please contact plusnewspk@gmail.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Extra billions can be fed, but who will pay?

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 1171 words



HIGHLIGHT: In China, dairy cows revolve on carousels in synchronized milking; in
Kenya, small farmers are planting a new high-yielding sweet potato; and in
laboratories in Iowa, scientists play with plant genetics to create corn that
grows well even in drought.



 These projects, and scores more, are shaping a new century of agriculture.
Whether it be cattle herders in sub-Saharan Africa or rice growers in rural
Asia, farmers and ranchers need help to produce enough nutritious food to feed a
population forecast by the United Nations to hit 7 billion on October 31.



 The United Nations further predicts the population will grow to some 9 billion
by 2050. With no increase in arable land, an already taxed supply of fresh water
and fears of ongoing drought and harmful climate change, figuring out how to
feed that many people is a top priority for both government and private
interests, Reuters reports.

 But just as research, development and expansion of agricultural programs are
most critical, the public dollars pledged to this effort remain a pittance of
what is needed, and are in fact in danger of sharp decline, experts say.

 "We are talking about adding 2.6 billion people between now and 2050. That is
two Chinas," said Robert Thompson, who serves on the International Food &#38;
Agricultural Trade Policy Council and is former director of rural development
for the World Bank.

 In the 1980s, about 25 percent of U.S. foreign aid went to agriculture, but
that fell to 6 percent by 1990 and was only about 1 percent last year, Thompson
said. And the share of world bank lending going to agriculture is down from
about 30 percent in 1978 to less than 10 percent, he said.

 "We have to raise productivity," Thompson said. "I think we can do it all if we
invest enough in research. But at the moment we aren't."

 Moves by U.S. lawmakers to slash spending are threatening food security
programs being set up in poor countries, and will likely lead other nations to
similarly trim pledged agricultural development dollars, say experts in the
field.

 While charitable foundations, nonprofit development groups and private-sector
corporations are funnelling billions into agricultural programs, without the
heft of significant funding from the world's wealthy nations, needs will go
unmet, according to food and agricultural experts.

 "There is by far not enough investment made," said Claude Fauquet, scientific
director at the U.S.-based Donald Danforth Plant Science Centre, which is
developing a cassava for Africa that is enriched with beta carotene.

 "We estimate that already today there are 1 billion people in the world
suffering from malnutrition," said Fauquet. "This will not go down unless we
invest more."

 The Danforth Centre, which has a budget of about $4 million a year, will be
asking its donors, including the U.S. government, for increased contributions in
2012, he said.

 "FEED THE FUTURE"

 For decades, the world's focus has been more on food aid -- donating excess
grains and other agricultural supplies to poor nations. Over the last few years,
that focus has shifted towards better positioning poor farmers to feed
themselves.

 The goals include increasing food productivity, developing rural roads,
building processing and storage plants, and broadening access to markets to
provide higher incomes and long-term food security for people in poor countries.


 The key targets are an estimated 600 million people who live in poverty in
rural areas of Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia and depend on agriculture for
their livelihoods.

 The need for improved crop productivity was underscored by a 2008 spike in food
prices tied to production shortages. In July 2009 the United States pledged $3.5
billion (2.2 billion pounds) over three years in funding for world food security
programs. Another $18.5 billion was pledged by other wealthy nations.

 But keeping the pledge is getting harder as the global economy has faltered and
cuts hit U.S. and European budgets.

 "We do have to keep up the effort to secure funding," said Jonathan Shrier,
acting special representative for Global Food Security at the U.S. State
Department.

 The World Bank is also overseeing a fund dubbed the Global Agriculture and Food
Security Program (GAFSP). The United States is the largest donor, but Canada,
Spain, South Korea, Australia, Ireland and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
have also pledged funds that total $970 million.

 But more than $400 million of the pledged dollars have not come in, including
close to $300 million from the United States. A GAFSP report issued last month
said several countries had to be turned away due to the shortage of funds.

 "In terms of the global food security debate, agriculture is paramount," said
Emily Alpert, London-based senior policy manager for agriculture for ONE, an
advocacy organisation for development in Africa. "More funding is extremely
critical for addressing poverty reduction and food insecurity."

 Alongside that effort, the administration of Barack Obama last year launched a
"Feed the Future" initiative that is targeting 19 countries for agricultural
development assistance.

 U.S. officials are putting $10 million to $15 million in an irrigation system
for 8,000 farmers in Tanzania, for example. And they are helping teach farmers
in Kenya new crop production and management techniques and improving access to
better seeds that have helped the farmers triple their incomes off "orange
fleshed" sweet potatoes.

 The U.S. program has also helped launch an insurance program for cattle herders
in northern Kenya, and is helping fund development of heat- and
drought-resistant corn and other cereal crops.

 The program is considered a bright spot in global agricultural development but
its funding is in doubt.

 "We're feeling good about the strategic planning process we've made. We think
we can make a huge impact," said Paul Weisenfeld, head of the Bureau for Food
Security, which oversees the Feed the Future initiative.

 "Our concern about budget cuts is if we back away it will potentially have an
impact on donors worldwide. That is our big concern," he said.

 PRIVATE EFFORTS

 With the uncertainty surrounding the sustainability and expansion of government
funding, private investments into agricultural research and development are
rising.

 The Bill &#38; Melinda Gates Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation and other
charitable groups have committed billions of dollars for programs to improve the
nutrition and yields of maize, sorghum, rice, wheat and other crops.

 And many corporations have dived in. Monsanto, the world's largest seed
company, and DuPont, also a major seed company and one of the world's largest
chemical concerns, have development projects under way to improve food security
in Africa and elsewhere.

 Drought-tolerant crops and crops that use fertilizer more efficiently are among
the projects on the drawing board.

 Earlier this month, DuPont announced a partnership aimed at training 1,000
African educators to work with youth in five African counties to teach them
innovative farming practices.

 "There is no silver bullet. We need to work together," said DuPont Executive
Vice President James C. Borel. "We collectively need to do everything we can.

 "A handful of companies can't be expected to carry the load."

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Extra billions can be fed, but who will pay?

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 1171 words



HIGHLIGHT: In China, dairy cows revolve on carousels in synchronized milking; in
Kenya, small farmers are planting a new high-yielding sweet potato; and in
laboratories in Iowa, scientists play with plant genetics to create corn that
grows well even in drought.



 These projects, and scores more, are shaping a new century of agriculture.
Whether it be cattle herders in sub-Saharan Africa or rice growers in rural
Asia, farmers and ranchers need help to produce enough nutritious food to feed a
population forecast by the United Nations to hit 7 billion on October 31.



 The United Nations further predicts the population will grow to some 9 billion
by 2050. With no increase in arable land, an already taxed supply of fresh water
and fears of ongoing drought and harmful climate change, figuring out how to
feed that many people is a top priority for both government and private
interests, Reuters reports.

 But just as research, development and expansion of agricultural programs are
most critical, the public dollars pledged to this effort remain a pittance of
what is needed, and are in fact in danger of sharp decline, experts say.

 "We are talking about adding 2.6 billion people between now and 2050. That is
two Chinas," said Robert Thompson, who serves on the International Food &#38;
Agricultural Trade Policy Council and is former director of rural development
for the World Bank.

 In the 1980s, about 25 percent of U.S. foreign aid went to agriculture, but
that fell to 6 percent by 1990 and was only about 1 percent last year, Thompson
said. And the share of world bank lending going to agriculture is down from
about 30 percent in 1978 to less than 10 percent, he said.

 "We have to raise productivity," Thompson said. "I think we can do it all if we
invest enough in research. But at the moment we aren't."

 Moves by U.S. lawmakers to slash spending are threatening food security
programs being set up in poor countries, and will likely lead other nations to
similarly trim pledged agricultural development dollars, say experts in the
field.

 While charitable foundations, nonprofit development groups and private-sector
corporations are funnelling billions into agricultural programs, without the
heft of significant funding from the world's wealthy nations, needs will go
unmet, according to food and agricultural experts.

 "There is by far not enough investment made," said Claude Fauquet, scientific
director at the U.S.-based Donald Danforth Plant Science Centre, which is
developing a cassava for Africa that is enriched with beta carotene.

 "We estimate that already today there are 1 billion people in the world
suffering from malnutrition," said Fauquet. "This will not go down unless we
invest more."

 The Danforth Centre, which has a budget of about $4 million a year, will be
asking its donors, including the U.S. government, for increased contributions in
2012, he said.

 "FEED THE FUTURE"

 For decades, the world's focus has been more on food aid -- donating excess
grains and other agricultural supplies to poor nations. Over the last few years,
that focus has shifted towards better positioning poor farmers to feed
themselves.

 The goals include increasing food productivity, developing rural roads,
building processing and storage plants, and broadening access to markets to
provide higher incomes and long-term food security for people in poor countries.


 The key targets are an estimated 600 million people who live in poverty in
rural areas of Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia and depend on agriculture for
their livelihoods.

 The need for improved crop productivity was underscored by a 2008 spike in food
prices tied to production shortages. In July 2009 the United States pledged $3.5
billion (2.2 billion pounds) over three years in funding for world food security
programs. Another $18.5 billion was pledged by other wealthy nations.

 But keeping the pledge is getting harder as the global economy has faltered and
cuts hit U.S. and European budgets.

 "We do have to keep up the effort to secure funding," said Jonathan Shrier,
acting special representative for Global Food Security at the U.S. State
Department.

 The World Bank is also overseeing a fund dubbed the Global Agriculture and Food
Security Program (GAFSP). The United States is the largest donor, but Canada,
Spain, South Korea, Australia, Ireland and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
have also pledged funds that total $970 million.

 But more than $400 million of the pledged dollars have not come in, including
close to $300 million from the United States. A GAFSP report issued last month
said several countries had to be turned away due to the shortage of funds.

 "In terms of the global food security debate, agriculture is paramount," said
Emily Alpert, London-based senior policy manager for agriculture for ONE, an
advocacy organisation for development in Africa. "More funding is extremely
critical for addressing poverty reduction and food insecurity."

 Alongside that effort, the administration of Barack Obama last year launched a
"Feed the Future" initiative that is targeting 19 countries for agricultural
development assistance.

 U.S. officials are putting $10 million to $15 million in an irrigation system
for 8,000 farmers in Tanzania, for example. And they are helping teach farmers
in Kenya new crop production and management techniques and improving access to
better seeds that have helped the farmers triple their incomes off "orange
fleshed" sweet potatoes.

 The U.S. program has also helped launch an insurance program for cattle herders
in northern Kenya, and is helping fund development of heat- and
drought-resistant corn and other cereal crops.

 The program is considered a bright spot in global agricultural development but
its funding is in doubt.

 "We're feeling good about the strategic planning process we've made. We think
we can make a huge impact," said Paul Weisenfeld, head of the Bureau for Food
Security, which oversees the Feed the Future initiative.

 "Our concern about budget cuts is if we back away it will potentially have an
impact on donors worldwide. That is our big concern," he said.

 PRIVATE EFFORTS

 With the uncertainty surrounding the sustainability and expansion of government
funding, private investments into agricultural research and development are
rising.

 The Bill &#38; Melinda Gates Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation and other
charitable groups have committed billions of dollars for programs to improve the
nutrition and yields of maize, sorghum, rice, wheat and other crops.

 And many corporations have dived in. Monsanto, the world's largest seed
company, and DuPont, also a major seed company and one of the world's largest
chemical concerns, have development projects under way to improve food security
in Africa and elsewhere.

 Drought-tolerant crops and crops that use fertilizer more efficiently are among
the projects on the drawing board.

 Earlier this month, DuPont announced a partnership aimed at training 1,000
African educators to work with youth in five African counties to teach them
innovative farming practices.

 "There is no silver bullet. We need to work together," said DuPont Executive
Vice President James C. Borel. "We collectively need to do everything we can.

 "A handful of companies can't be expected to carry the load."

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Extra billions can be fed, but who will pay?

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 1171 words



HIGHLIGHT: In China, dairy cows revolve on carousels in synchronized milking; in
Kenya, small farmers are planting a new high-yielding sweet potato; and in
laboratories in Iowa, scientists play with plant genetics to create corn that
grows well even in drought.



 These projects, and scores more, are shaping a new century of agriculture.
Whether it be cattle herders in sub-Saharan Africa or rice growers in rural
Asia, farmers and ranchers need help to produce enough nutritious food to feed a
population forecast by the United Nations to hit 7 billion on October 31.



 The United Nations further predicts the population will grow to some 9 billion
by 2050. With no increase in arable land, an already taxed supply of fresh water
and fears of ongoing drought and harmful climate change, figuring out how to
feed that many people is a top priority for both government and private
interests, Reuters reports.

 But just as research, development and expansion of agricultural programs are
most critical, the public dollars pledged to this effort remain a pittance of
what is needed, and are in fact in danger of sharp decline, experts say.

 "We are talking about adding 2.6 billion people between now and 2050. That is
two Chinas," said Robert Thompson, who serves on the International Food &#38;
Agricultural Trade Policy Council and is former director of rural development
for the World Bank.

 In the 1980s, about 25 percent of U.S. foreign aid went to agriculture, but
that fell to 6 percent by 1990 and was only about 1 percent last year, Thompson
said. And the share of world bank lending going to agriculture is down from
about 30 percent in 1978 to less than 10 percent, he said.

 "We have to raise productivity," Thompson said. "I think we can do it all if we
invest enough in research. But at the moment we aren't."

 Moves by U.S. lawmakers to slash spending are threatening food security
programs being set up in poor countries, and will likely lead other nations to
similarly trim pledged agricultural development dollars, say experts in the
field.

 While charitable foundations, nonprofit development groups and private-sector
corporations are funnelling billions into agricultural programs, without the
heft of significant funding from the world's wealthy nations, needs will go
unmet, according to food and agricultural experts.

 "There is by far not enough investment made," said Claude Fauquet, scientific
director at the U.S.-based Donald Danforth Plant Science Centre, which is
developing a cassava for Africa that is enriched with beta carotene.

 "We estimate that already today there are 1 billion people in the world
suffering from malnutrition," said Fauquet. "This will not go down unless we
invest more."

 The Danforth Centre, which has a budget of about $4 million a year, will be
asking its donors, including the U.S. government, for increased contributions in
2012, he said.

 "FEED THE FUTURE"

 For decades, the world's focus has been more on food aid -- donating excess
grains and other agricultural supplies to poor nations. Over the last few years,
that focus has shifted towards better positioning poor farmers to feed
themselves.

 The goals include increasing food productivity, developing rural roads,
building processing and storage plants, and broadening access to markets to
provide higher incomes and long-term food security for people in poor countries.


 The key targets are an estimated 600 million people who live in poverty in
rural areas of Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia and depend on agriculture for
their livelihoods.

 The need for improved crop productivity was underscored by a 2008 spike in food
prices tied to production shortages. In July 2009 the United States pledged $3.5
billion (2.2 billion pounds) over three years in funding for world food security
programs. Another $18.5 billion was pledged by other wealthy nations.

 But keeping the pledge is getting harder as the global economy has faltered and
cuts hit U.S. and European budgets.

 "We do have to keep up the effort to secure funding," said Jonathan Shrier,
acting special representative for Global Food Security at the U.S. State
Department.

 The World Bank is also overseeing a fund dubbed the Global Agriculture and Food
Security Program (GAFSP). The United States is the largest donor, but Canada,
Spain, South Korea, Australia, Ireland and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
have also pledged funds that total $970 million.

 But more than $400 million of the pledged dollars have not come in, including
close to $300 million from the United States. A GAFSP report issued last month
said several countries had to be turned away due to the shortage of funds.

 "In terms of the global food security debate, agriculture is paramount," said
Emily Alpert, London-based senior policy manager for agriculture for ONE, an
advocacy organisation for development in Africa. "More funding is extremely
critical for addressing poverty reduction and food insecurity."

 Alongside that effort, the administration of Barack Obama last year launched a
"Feed the Future" initiative that is targeting 19 countries for agricultural
development assistance.

 U.S. officials are putting $10 million to $15 million in an irrigation system
for 8,000 farmers in Tanzania, for example. And they are helping teach farmers
in Kenya new crop production and management techniques and improving access to
better seeds that have helped the farmers triple their incomes off "orange
fleshed" sweet potatoes.

 The U.S. program has also helped launch an insurance program for cattle herders
in northern Kenya, and is helping fund development of heat- and
drought-resistant corn and other cereal crops.

 The program is considered a bright spot in global agricultural development but
its funding is in doubt.

 "We're feeling good about the strategic planning process we've made. We think
we can make a huge impact," said Paul Weisenfeld, head of the Bureau for Food
Security, which oversees the Feed the Future initiative.

 "Our concern about budget cuts is if we back away it will potentially have an
impact on donors worldwide. That is our big concern," he said.

 PRIVATE EFFORTS

 With the uncertainty surrounding the sustainability and expansion of government
funding, private investments into agricultural research and development are
rising.

 The Bill &#38; Melinda Gates Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation and other
charitable groups have committed billions of dollars for programs to improve the
nutrition and yields of maize, sorghum, rice, wheat and other crops.

 And many corporations have dived in. Monsanto, the world's largest seed
company, and DuPont, also a major seed company and one of the world's largest
chemical concerns, have development projects under way to improve food security
in Africa and elsewhere.

 Drought-tolerant crops and crops that use fertilizer more efficiently are among
the projects on the drawing board.

 Earlier this month, DuPont announced a partnership aimed at training 1,000
African educators to work with youth in five African counties to teach them
innovative farming practices.

 "There is no silver bullet. We need to work together," said DuPont Executive
Vice President James C. Borel. "We collectively need to do everything we can.

 "A handful of companies can't be expected to carry the load."

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Extra billions can be fed, but who will pay?

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 1171 words



HIGHLIGHT: In China, dairy cows revolve on carousels in synchronized milking; in
Kenya, small farmers are planting a new high-yielding sweet potato; and in
laboratories in Iowa, scientists play with plant genetics to create corn that
grows well even in drought.



 These projects, and scores more, are shaping a new century of agriculture.
Whether it be cattle herders in sub-Saharan Africa or rice growers in rural
Asia, farmers and ranchers need help to produce enough nutritious food to feed a
population forecast by the United Nations to hit 7 billion on October 31.



 The United Nations further predicts the population will grow to some 9 billion
by 2050. With no increase in arable land, an already taxed supply of fresh water
and fears of ongoing drought and harmful climate change, figuring out how to
feed that many people is a top priority for both government and private
interests, Reuters reports.

 But just as research, development and expansion of agricultural programs are
most critical, the public dollars pledged to this effort remain a pittance of
what is needed, and are in fact in danger of sharp decline, experts say.

 "We are talking about adding 2.6 billion people between now and 2050. That is
two Chinas," said Robert Thompson, who serves on the International Food &#38;
Agricultural Trade Policy Council and is former director of rural development
for the World Bank.

 In the 1980s, about 25 percent of U.S. foreign aid went to agriculture, but
that fell to 6 percent by 1990 and was only about 1 percent last year, Thompson
said. And the share of world bank lending going to agriculture is down from
about 30 percent in 1978 to less than 10 percent, he said.

 "We have to raise productivity," Thompson said. "I think we can do it all if we
invest enough in research. But at the moment we aren't."

 Moves by U.S. lawmakers to slash spending are threatening food security
programs being set up in poor countries, and will likely lead other nations to
similarly trim pledged agricultural development dollars, say experts in the
field.

 While charitable foundations, nonprofit development groups and private-sector
corporations are funnelling billions into agricultural programs, without the
heft of significant funding from the world's wealthy nations, needs will go
unmet, according to food and agricultural experts.

 "There is by far not enough investment made," said Claude Fauquet, scientific
director at the U.S.-based Donald Danforth Plant Science Centre, which is
developing a cassava for Africa that is enriched with beta carotene.

 "We estimate that already today there are 1 billion people in the world
suffering from malnutrition," said Fauquet. "This will not go down unless we
invest more."

 The Danforth Centre, which has a budget of about $4 million a year, will be
asking its donors, including the U.S. government, for increased contributions in
2012, he said.

 "FEED THE FUTURE"

 For decades, the world's focus has been more on food aid -- donating excess
grains and other agricultural supplies to poor nations. Over the last few years,
that focus has shifted towards better positioning poor farmers to feed
themselves.

 The goals include increasing food productivity, developing rural roads,
building processing and storage plants, and broadening access to markets to
provide higher incomes and long-term food security for people in poor countries.


 The key targets are an estimated 600 million people who live in poverty in
rural areas of Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia and depend on agriculture for
their livelihoods.

 The need for improved crop productivity was underscored by a 2008 spike in food
prices tied to production shortages. In July 2009 the United States pledged $3.5
billion (2.2 billion pounds) over three years in funding for world food security
programs. Another $18.5 billion was pledged by other wealthy nations.

 But keeping the pledge is getting harder as the global economy has faltered and
cuts hit U.S. and European budgets.

 "We do have to keep up the effort to secure funding," said Jonathan Shrier,
acting special representative for Global Food Security at the U.S. State
Department.

 The World Bank is also overseeing a fund dubbed the Global Agriculture and Food
Security Program (GAFSP). The United States is the largest donor, but Canada,
Spain, South Korea, Australia, Ireland and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
have also pledged funds that total $970 million.

 But more than $400 million of the pledged dollars have not come in, including
close to $300 million from the United States. A GAFSP report issued last month
said several countries had to be turned away due to the shortage of funds.

 "In terms of the global food security debate, agriculture is paramount," said
Emily Alpert, London-based senior policy manager for agriculture for ONE, an
advocacy organisation for development in Africa. "More funding is extremely
critical for addressing poverty reduction and food insecurity."

 Alongside that effort, the administration of Barack Obama last year launched a
"Feed the Future" initiative that is targeting 19 countries for agricultural
development assistance.

 U.S. officials are putting $10 million to $15 million in an irrigation system
for 8,000 farmers in Tanzania, for example. And they are helping teach farmers
in Kenya new crop production and management techniques and improving access to
better seeds that have helped the farmers triple their incomes off "orange
fleshed" sweet potatoes.

 The U.S. program has also helped launch an insurance program for cattle herders
in northern Kenya, and is helping fund development of heat- and
drought-resistant corn and other cereal crops.

 The program is considered a bright spot in global agricultural development but
its funding is in doubt.

 "We're feeling good about the strategic planning process we've made. We think
we can make a huge impact," said Paul Weisenfeld, head of the Bureau for Food
Security, which oversees the Feed the Future initiative.

 "Our concern about budget cuts is if we back away it will potentially have an
impact on donors worldwide. That is our big concern," he said.

 PRIVATE EFFORTS

 With the uncertainty surrounding the sustainability and expansion of government
funding, private investments into agricultural research and development are
rising.

 The Bill &#38; Melinda Gates Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation and other
charitable groups have committed billions of dollars for programs to improve the
nutrition and yields of maize, sorghum, rice, wheat and other crops.

 And many corporations have dived in. Monsanto, the world's largest seed
company, and DuPont, also a major seed company and one of the world's largest
chemical concerns, have development projects under way to improve food security
in Africa and elsewhere.

 Drought-tolerant crops and crops that use fertilizer more efficiently are among
the projects on the drawing board.

 Earlier this month, DuPont announced a partnership aimed at training 1,000
African educators to work with youth in five African counties to teach them
innovative farming practices.

 "There is no silver bullet. We need to work together," said DuPont Executive
Vice President James C. Borel. "We collectively need to do everything we can.

 "A handful of companies can't be expected to carry the load."

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Extra billions can be fed, but who will pay?

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 1171 words



HIGHLIGHT: In China, dairy cows revolve on carousels in synchronized milking; in
Kenya, small farmers are planting a new high-yielding sweet potato; and in
laboratories in Iowa, scientists play with plant genetics to create corn that
grows well even in drought.



 These projects, and scores more, are shaping a new century of agriculture.
Whether it be cattle herders in sub-Saharan Africa or rice growers in rural
Asia, farmers and ranchers need help to produce enough nutritious food to feed a
population forecast by the United Nations to hit 7 billion on October 31.



 The United Nations further predicts the population will grow to some 9 billion
by 2050. With no increase in arable land, an already taxed supply of fresh water
and fears of ongoing drought and harmful climate change, figuring out how to
feed that many people is a top priority for both government and private
interests, Reuters reports.

 But just as research, development and expansion of agricultural programs are
most critical, the public dollars pledged to this effort remain a pittance of
what is needed, and are in fact in danger of sharp decline, experts say.

 "We are talking about adding 2.6 billion people between now and 2050. That is
two Chinas," said Robert Thompson, who serves on the International Food &#38;
Agricultural Trade Policy Council and is former director of rural development
for the World Bank.

 In the 1980s, about 25 percent of U.S. foreign aid went to agriculture, but
that fell to 6 percent by 1990 and was only about 1 percent last year, Thompson
said. And the share of world bank lending going to agriculture is down from
about 30 percent in 1978 to less than 10 percent, he said.

 "We have to raise productivity," Thompson said. "I think we can do it all if we
invest enough in research. But at the moment we aren't."

 Moves by U.S. lawmakers to slash spending are threatening food security
programs being set up in poor countries, and will likely lead other nations to
similarly trim pledged agricultural development dollars, say experts in the
field.

 While charitable foundations, nonprofit development groups and private-sector
corporations are funnelling billions into agricultural programs, without the
heft of significant funding from the world's wealthy nations, needs will go
unmet, according to food and agricultural experts.

 "There is by far not enough investment made," said Claude Fauquet, scientific
director at the U.S.-based Donald Danforth Plant Science Centre, which is
developing a cassava for Africa that is enriched with beta carotene.

 "We estimate that already today there are 1 billion people in the world
suffering from malnutrition," said Fauquet. "This will not go down unless we
invest more."

 The Danforth Centre, which has a budget of about $4 million a year, will be
asking its donors, including the U.S. government, for increased contributions in
2012, he said.

 "FEED THE FUTURE"

 For decades, the world's focus has been more on food aid -- donating excess
grains and other agricultural supplies to poor nations. Over the last few years,
that focus has shifted towards better positioning poor farmers to feed
themselves.

 The goals include increasing food productivity, developing rural roads,
building processing and storage plants, and broadening access to markets to
provide higher incomes and long-term food security for people in poor countries.


 The key targets are an estimated 600 million people who live in poverty in
rural areas of Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia and depend on agriculture for
their livelihoods.

 The need for improved crop productivity was underscored by a 2008 spike in food
prices tied to production shortages. In July 2009 the United States pledged $3.5
billion (2.2 billion pounds) over three years in funding for world food security
programs. Another $18.5 billion was pledged by other wealthy nations.

 But keeping the pledge is getting harder as the global economy has faltered and
cuts hit U.S. and European budgets.

 "We do have to keep up the effort to secure funding," said Jonathan Shrier,
acting special representative for Global Food Security at the U.S. State
Department.

 The World Bank is also overseeing a fund dubbed the Global Agriculture and Food
Security Program (GAFSP). The United States is the largest donor, but Canada,
Spain, South Korea, Australia, Ireland and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
have also pledged funds that total $970 million.

 But more than $400 million of the pledged dollars have not come in, including
close to $300 million from the United States. A GAFSP report issued last month
said several countries had to be turned away due to the shortage of funds.

 "In terms of the global food security debate, agriculture is paramount," said
Emily Alpert, London-based senior policy manager for agriculture for ONE, an
advocacy organisation for development in Africa. "More funding is extremely
critical for addressing poverty reduction and food insecurity."

 Alongside that effort, the administration of Barack Obama last year launched a
"Feed the Future" initiative that is targeting 19 countries for agricultural
development assistance.

 U.S. officials are putting $10 million to $15 million in an irrigation system
for 8,000 farmers in Tanzania, for example. And they are helping teach farmers
in Kenya new crop production and management techniques and improving access to
better seeds that have helped the farmers triple their incomes off "orange
fleshed" sweet potatoes.

 The U.S. program has also helped launch an insurance program for cattle herders
in northern Kenya, and is helping fund development of heat- and
drought-resistant corn and other cereal crops.

 The program is considered a bright spot in global agricultural development but
its funding is in doubt.

 "We're feeling good about the strategic planning process we've made. We think
we can make a huge impact," said Paul Weisenfeld, head of the Bureau for Food
Security, which oversees the Feed the Future initiative.

 "Our concern about budget cuts is if we back away it will potentially have an
impact on donors worldwide. That is our big concern," he said.

 PRIVATE EFFORTS

 With the uncertainty surrounding the sustainability and expansion of government
funding, private investments into agricultural research and development are
rising.

 The Bill &#38; Melinda Gates Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation and other
charitable groups have committed billions of dollars for programs to improve the
nutrition and yields of maize, sorghum, rice, wheat and other crops.

 And many corporations have dived in. Monsanto, the world's largest seed
company, and DuPont, also a major seed company and one of the world's largest
chemical concerns, have development projects under way to improve food security
in Africa and elsewhere.

 Drought-tolerant crops and crops that use fertilizer more efficiently are among
the projects on the drawing board.

 Earlier this month, DuPont announced a partnership aimed at training 1,000
African educators to work with youth in five African counties to teach them
innovative farming practices.

 "There is no silver bullet. We need to work together," said DuPont Executive
Vice President James C. Borel. "We collectively need to do everything we can.

 "A handful of companies can't be expected to carry the load."

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Extra billions can be fed, but who will pay?

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 1171 words



HIGHLIGHT: In China, dairy cows revolve on carousels in synchronized milking; in
Kenya, small farmers are planting a new high-yielding sweet potato; and in
laboratories in Iowa, scientists play with plant genetics to create corn that
grows well even in drought.



 These projects, and scores more, are shaping a new century of agriculture.
Whether it be cattle herders in sub-Saharan Africa or rice growers in rural
Asia, farmers and ranchers need help to produce enough nutritious food to feed a
population forecast by the United Nations to hit 7 billion on October 31.



 The United Nations further predicts the population will grow to some 9 billion
by 2050. With no increase in arable land, an already taxed supply of fresh water
and fears of ongoing drought and harmful climate change, figuring out how to
feed that many people is a top priority for both government and private
interests, Reuters reports.

 But just as research, development and expansion of agricultural programs are
most critical, the public dollars pledged to this effort remain a pittance of
what is needed, and are in fact in danger of sharp decline, experts say.

 "We are talking about adding 2.6 billion people between now and 2050. That is
two Chinas," said Robert Thompson, who serves on the International Food &#38;
Agricultural Trade Policy Council and is former director of rural development
for the World Bank.

 In the 1980s, about 25 percent of U.S. foreign aid went to agriculture, but
that fell to 6 percent by 1990 and was only about 1 percent last year, Thompson
said. And the share of world bank lending going to agriculture is down from
about 30 percent in 1978 to less than 10 percent, he said.

 "We have to raise productivity," Thompson said. "I think we can do it all if we
invest enough in research. But at the moment we aren't."

 Moves by U.S. lawmakers to slash spending are threatening food security
programs being set up in poor countries, and will likely lead other nations to
similarly trim pledged agricultural development dollars, say experts in the
field.

 While charitable foundations, nonprofit development groups and private-sector
corporations are funnelling billions into agricultural programs, without the
heft of significant funding from the world's wealthy nations, needs will go
unmet, according to food and agricultural experts.

 "There is by far not enough investment made," said Claude Fauquet, scientific
director at the U.S.-based Donald Danforth Plant Science Centre, which is
developing a cassava for Africa that is enriched with beta carotene.

 "We estimate that already today there are 1 billion people in the world
suffering from malnutrition," said Fauquet. "This will not go down unless we
invest more."

 The Danforth Centre, which has a budget of about $4 million a year, will be
asking its donors, including the U.S. government, for increased contributions in
2012, he said.

 "FEED THE FUTURE"

 For decades, the world's focus has been more on food aid -- donating excess
grains and other agricultural supplies to poor nations. Over the last few years,
that focus has shifted towards better positioning poor farmers to feed
themselves.

 The goals include increasing food productivity, developing rural roads,
building processing and storage plants, and broadening access to markets to
provide higher incomes and long-term food security for people in poor countries.


 The key targets are an estimated 600 million people who live in poverty in
rural areas of Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia and depend on agriculture for
their livelihoods.

 The need for improved crop productivity was underscored by a 2008 spike in food
prices tied to production shortages. In July 2009 the United States pledged $3.5
billion (2.2 billion pounds) over three years in funding for world food security
programs. Another $18.5 billion was pledged by other wealthy nations.

 But keeping the pledge is getting harder as the global economy has faltered and
cuts hit U.S. and European budgets.

 "We do have to keep up the effort to secure funding," said Jonathan Shrier,
acting special representative for Global Food Security at the U.S. State
Department.

 The World Bank is also overseeing a fund dubbed the Global Agriculture and Food
Security Program (GAFSP). The United States is the largest donor, but Canada,
Spain, South Korea, Australia, Ireland and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
have also pledged funds that total $970 million.

 But more than $400 million of the pledged dollars have not come in, including
close to $300 million from the United States. A GAFSP report issued last month
said several countries had to be turned away due to the shortage of funds.

 "In terms of the global food security debate, agriculture is paramount," said
Emily Alpert, London-based senior policy manager for agriculture for ONE, an
advocacy organisation for development in Africa. "More funding is extremely
critical for addressing poverty reduction and food insecurity."

 Alongside that effort, the administration of Barack Obama last year launched a
"Feed the Future" initiative that is targeting 19 countries for agricultural
development assistance.

 U.S. officials are putting $10 million to $15 million in an irrigation system
for 8,000 farmers in Tanzania, for example. And they are helping teach farmers
in Kenya new crop production and management techniques and improving access to
better seeds that have helped the farmers triple their incomes off "orange
fleshed" sweet potatoes.

 The U.S. program has also helped launch an insurance program for cattle herders
in northern Kenya, and is helping fund development of heat- and
drought-resistant corn and other cereal crops.

 The program is considered a bright spot in global agricultural development but
its funding is in doubt.

 "We're feeling good about the strategic planning process we've made. We think
we can make a huge impact," said Paul Weisenfeld, head of the Bureau for Food
Security, which oversees the Feed the Future initiative.

 "Our concern about budget cuts is if we back away it will potentially have an
impact on donors worldwide. That is our big concern," he said.

 PRIVATE EFFORTS

 With the uncertainty surrounding the sustainability and expansion of government
funding, private investments into agricultural research and development are
rising.

 The Bill &#38; Melinda Gates Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation and other
charitable groups have committed billions of dollars for programs to improve the
nutrition and yields of maize, sorghum, rice, wheat and other crops.

 And many corporations have dived in. Monsanto, the world's largest seed
company, and DuPont, also a major seed company and one of the world's largest
chemical concerns, have development projects under way to improve food security
in Africa and elsewhere.

 Drought-tolerant crops and crops that use fertilizer more efficiently are among
the projects on the drawing board.

 Earlier this month, DuPont announced a partnership aimed at training 1,000
African educators to work with youth in five African counties to teach them
innovative farming practices.

 "There is no silver bullet. We need to work together," said DuPont Executive
Vice President James C. Borel. "We collectively need to do everything we can.

 "A handful of companies can't be expected to carry the load."

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Extra billions can be fed, but who will pay?

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 1171 words



HIGHLIGHT: In China, dairy cows revolve on carousels in synchronized milking; in
Kenya, small farmers are planting a new high-yielding sweet potato; and in
laboratories in Iowa, scientists play with plant genetics to create corn that
grows well even in drought.



 These projects, and scores more, are shaping a new century of agriculture.
Whether it be cattle herders in sub-Saharan Africa or rice growers in rural
Asia, farmers and ranchers need help to produce enough nutritious food to feed a
population forecast by the United Nations to hit 7 billion on October 31.



 The United Nations further predicts the population will grow to some 9 billion
by 2050. With no increase in arable land, an already taxed supply of fresh water
and fears of ongoing drought and harmful climate change, figuring out how to
feed that many people is a top priority for both government and private
interests, Reuters reports.

 But just as research, development and expansion of agricultural programs are
most critical, the public dollars pledged to this effort remain a pittance of
what is needed, and are in fact in danger of sharp decline, experts say.

 "We are talking about adding 2.6 billion people between now and 2050. That is
two Chinas," said Robert Thompson, who serves on the International Food &#38;
Agricultural Trade Policy Council and is former director of rural development
for the World Bank.

 In the 1980s, about 25 percent of U.S. foreign aid went to agriculture, but
that fell to 6 percent by 1990 and was only about 1 percent last year, Thompson
said. And the share of world bank lending going to agriculture is down from
about 30 percent in 1978 to less than 10 percent, he said.

 "We have to raise productivity," Thompson said. "I think we can do it all if we
invest enough in research. But at the moment we aren't."

 Moves by U.S. lawmakers to slash spending are threatening food security
programs being set up in poor countries, and will likely lead other nations to
similarly trim pledged agricultural development dollars, say experts in the
field.

 While charitable foundations, nonprofit development groups and private-sector
corporations are funnelling billions into agricultural programs, without the
heft of significant funding from the world's wealthy nations, needs will go
unmet, according to food and agricultural experts.

 "There is by far not enough investment made," said Claude Fauquet, scientific
director at the U.S.-based Donald Danforth Plant Science Centre, which is
developing a cassava for Africa that is enriched with beta carotene.

 "We estimate that already today there are 1 billion people in the world
suffering from malnutrition," said Fauquet. "This will not go down unless we
invest more."

 The Danforth Centre, which has a budget of about $4 million a year, will be
asking its donors, including the U.S. government, for increased contributions in
2012, he said.

 "FEED THE FUTURE"

 For decades, the world's focus has been more on food aid -- donating excess
grains and other agricultural supplies to poor nations. Over the last few years,
that focus has shifted towards better positioning poor farmers to feed
themselves.

 The goals include increasing food productivity, developing rural roads,
building processing and storage plants, and broadening access to markets to
provide higher incomes and long-term food security for people in poor countries.


 The key targets are an estimated 600 million people who live in poverty in
rural areas of Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia and depend on agriculture for
their livelihoods.

 The need for improved crop productivity was underscored by a 2008 spike in food
prices tied to production shortages. In July 2009 the United States pledged $3.5
billion (2.2 billion pounds) over three years in funding for world food security
programs. Another $18.5 billion was pledged by other wealthy nations.

 But keeping the pledge is getting harder as the global economy has faltered and
cuts hit U.S. and European budgets.

 "We do have to keep up the effort to secure funding," said Jonathan Shrier,
acting special representative for Global Food Security at the U.S. State
Department.

 The World Bank is also overseeing a fund dubbed the Global Agriculture and Food
Security Program (GAFSP). The United States is the largest donor, but Canada,
Spain, South Korea, Australia, Ireland and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
have also pledged funds that total $970 million.

 But more than $400 million of the pledged dollars have not come in, including
close to $300 million from the United States. A GAFSP report issued last month
said several countries had to be turned away due to the shortage of funds.

 "In terms of the global food security debate, agriculture is paramount," said
Emily Alpert, London-based senior policy manager for agriculture for ONE, an
advocacy organisation for development in Africa. "More funding is extremely
critical for addressing poverty reduction and food insecurity."

 Alongside that effort, the administration of Barack Obama last year launched a
"Feed the Future" initiative that is targeting 19 countries for agricultural
development assistance.

 U.S. officials are putting $10 million to $15 million in an irrigation system
for 8,000 farmers in Tanzania, for example. And they are helping teach farmers
in Kenya new crop production and management techniques and improving access to
better seeds that have helped the farmers triple their incomes off "orange
fleshed" sweet potatoes.

 The U.S. program has also helped launch an insurance program for cattle herders
in northern Kenya, and is helping fund development of heat- and
drought-resistant corn and other cereal crops.

 The program is considered a bright spot in global agricultural development but
its funding is in doubt.

 "We're feeling good about the strategic planning process we've made. We think
we can make a huge impact," said Paul Weisenfeld, head of the Bureau for Food
Security, which oversees the Feed the Future initiative.

 "Our concern about budget cuts is if we back away it will potentially have an
impact on donors worldwide. That is our big concern," he said.

 PRIVATE EFFORTS

 With the uncertainty surrounding the sustainability and expansion of government
funding, private investments into agricultural research and development are
rising.

 The Bill &#38; Melinda Gates Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation and other
charitable groups have committed billions of dollars for programs to improve the
nutrition and yields of maize, sorghum, rice, wheat and other crops.

 And many corporations have dived in. Monsanto, the world's largest seed
company, and DuPont, also a major seed company and one of the world's largest
chemical concerns, have development projects under way to improve food security
in Africa and elsewhere.

 Drought-tolerant crops and crops that use fertilizer more efficiently are among
the projects on the drawing board.

 Earlier this month, DuPont announced a partnership aimed at training 1,000
African educators to work with youth in five African counties to teach them
innovative farming practices.

 "There is no silver bullet. We need to work together," said DuPont Executive
Vice President James C. Borel. "We collectively need to do everything we can.

 "A handful of companies can't be expected to carry the load."

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Extra billions can be fed, but who will pay?

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 1171 words



HIGHLIGHT: In China, dairy cows revolve on carousels in synchronized milking; in
Kenya, small farmers are planting a new high-yielding sweet potato; and in
laboratories in Iowa, scientists play with plant genetics to create corn that
grows well even in drought.



 These projects, and scores more, are shaping a new century of agriculture.
Whether it be cattle herders in sub-Saharan Africa or rice growers in rural
Asia, farmers and ranchers need help to produce enough nutritious food to feed a
population forecast by the United Nations to hit 7 billion on October 31.



 The United Nations further predicts the population will grow to some 9 billion
by 2050. With no increase in arable land, an already taxed supply of fresh water
and fears of ongoing drought and harmful climate change, figuring out how to
feed that many people is a top priority for both government and private
interests, Reuters reports.

 But just as research, development and expansion of agricultural programs are
most critical, the public dollars pledged to this effort remain a pittance of
what is needed, and are in fact in danger of sharp decline, experts say.

 "We are talking about adding 2.6 billion people between now and 2050. That is
two Chinas," said Robert Thompson, who serves on the International Food &#38;
Agricultural Trade Policy Council and is former director of rural development
for the World Bank.

 In the 1980s, about 25 percent of U.S. foreign aid went to agriculture, but
that fell to 6 percent by 1990 and was only about 1 percent last year, Thompson
said. And the share of world bank lending going to agriculture is down from
about 30 percent in 1978 to less than 10 percent, he said.

 "We have to raise productivity," Thompson said. "I think we can do it all if we
invest enough in research. But at the moment we aren't."

 Moves by U.S. lawmakers to slash spending are threatening food security
programs being set up in poor countries, and will likely lead other nations to
similarly trim pledged agricultural development dollars, say experts in the
field.

 While charitable foundations, nonprofit development groups and private-sector
corporations are funnelling billions into agricultural programs, without the
heft of significant funding from the world's wealthy nations, needs will go
unmet, according to food and agricultural experts.

 "There is by far not enough investment made," said Claude Fauquet, scientific
director at the U.S.-based Donald Danforth Plant Science Centre, which is
developing a cassava for Africa that is enriched with beta carotene.

 "We estimate that already today there are 1 billion people in the world
suffering from malnutrition," said Fauquet. "This will not go down unless we
invest more."

 The Danforth Centre, which has a budget of about $4 million a year, will be
asking its donors, including the U.S. government, for increased contributions in
2012, he said.

 "FEED THE FUTURE"

 For decades, the world's focus has been more on food aid -- donating excess
grains and other agricultural supplies to poor nations. Over the last few years,
that focus has shifted towards better positioning poor farmers to feed
themselves.

 The goals include increasing food productivity, developing rural roads,
building processing and storage plants, and broadening access to markets to
provide higher incomes and long-term food security for people in poor countries.


 The key targets are an estimated 600 million people who live in poverty in
rural areas of Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia and depend on agriculture for
their livelihoods.

 The need for improved crop productivity was underscored by a 2008 spike in food
prices tied to production shortages. In July 2009 the United States pledged $3.5
billion (2.2 billion pounds) over three years in funding for world food security
programs. Another $18.5 billion was pledged by other wealthy nations.

 But keeping the pledge is getting harder as the global economy has faltered and
cuts hit U.S. and European budgets.

 "We do have to keep up the effort to secure funding," said Jonathan Shrier,
acting special representative for Global Food Security at the U.S. State
Department.

 The World Bank is also overseeing a fund dubbed the Global Agriculture and Food
Security Program (GAFSP). The United States is the largest donor, but Canada,
Spain, South Korea, Australia, Ireland and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
have also pledged funds that total $970 million.

 But more than $400 million of the pledged dollars have not come in, including
close to $300 million from the United States. A GAFSP report issued last month
said several countries had to be turned away due to the shortage of funds.

 "In terms of the global food security debate, agriculture is paramount," said
Emily Alpert, London-based senior policy manager for agriculture for ONE, an
advocacy organisation for development in Africa. "More funding is extremely
critical for addressing poverty reduction and food insecurity."

 Alongside that effort, the administration of Barack Obama last year launched a
"Feed the Future" initiative that is targeting 19 countries for agricultural
development assistance.

 U.S. officials are putting $10 million to $15 million in an irrigation system
for 8,000 farmers in Tanzania, for example. And they are helping teach farmers
in Kenya new crop production and management techniques and improving access to
better seeds that have helped the farmers triple their incomes off "orange
fleshed" sweet potatoes.

 The U.S. program has also helped launch an insurance program for cattle herders
in northern Kenya, and is helping fund development of heat- and
drought-resistant corn and other cereal crops.

 The program is considered a bright spot in global agricultural development but
its funding is in doubt.

 "We're feeling good about the strategic planning process we've made. We think
we can make a huge impact," said Paul Weisenfeld, head of the Bureau for Food
Security, which oversees the Feed the Future initiative.

 "Our concern about budget cuts is if we back away it will potentially have an
impact on donors worldwide. That is our big concern," he said.

 PRIVATE EFFORTS

 With the uncertainty surrounding the sustainability and expansion of government
funding, private investments into agricultural research and development are
rising.

 The Bill &#38; Melinda Gates Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation and other
charitable groups have committed billions of dollars for programs to improve the
nutrition and yields of maize, sorghum, rice, wheat and other crops.

 And many corporations have dived in. Monsanto, the world's largest seed
company, and DuPont, also a major seed company and one of the world's largest
chemical concerns, have development projects under way to improve food security
in Africa and elsewhere.

 Drought-tolerant crops and crops that use fertilizer more efficiently are among
the projects on the drawing board.

 Earlier this month, DuPont announced a partnership aimed at training 1,000
African educators to work with youth in five African counties to teach them
innovative farming practices.

 "There is no silver bullet. We need to work together," said DuPont Executive
Vice President James C. Borel. "We collectively need to do everything we can.

 "A handful of companies can't be expected to carry the load."

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Extra billions can be fed, but who will pay?

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 1171 words



HIGHLIGHT: In China, dairy cows revolve on carousels in synchronized milking; in
Kenya, small farmers are planting a new high-yielding sweet potato; and in
laboratories in Iowa, scientists play with plant genetics to create corn that
grows well even in drought.



 These projects, and scores more, are shaping a new century of agriculture.
Whether it be cattle herders in sub-Saharan Africa or rice growers in rural
Asia, farmers and ranchers need help to produce enough nutritious food to feed a
population forecast by the United Nations to hit 7 billion on October 31.



 The United Nations further predicts the population will grow to some 9 billion
by 2050. With no increase in arable land, an already taxed supply of fresh water
and fears of ongoing drought and harmful climate change, figuring out how to
feed that many people is a top priority for both government and private
interests, Reuters reports.

 But just as research, development and expansion of agricultural programs are
most critical, the public dollars pledged to this effort remain a pittance of
what is needed, and are in fact in danger of sharp decline, experts say.

 "We are talking about adding 2.6 billion people between now and 2050. That is
two Chinas," said Robert Thompson, who serves on the International Food &#38;
Agricultural Trade Policy Council and is former director of rural development
for the World Bank.

 In the 1980s, about 25 percent of U.S. foreign aid went to agriculture, but
that fell to 6 percent by 1990 and was only about 1 percent last year, Thompson
said. And the share of world bank lending going to agriculture is down from
about 30 percent in 1978 to less than 10 percent, he said.

 "We have to raise productivity," Thompson said. "I think we can do it all if we
invest enough in research. But at the moment we aren't."

 Moves by U.S. lawmakers to slash spending are threatening food security
programs being set up in poor countries, and will likely lead other nations to
similarly trim pledged agricultural development dollars, say experts in the
field.

 While charitable foundations, nonprofit development groups and private-sector
corporations are funnelling billions into agricultural programs, without the
heft of significant funding from the world's wealthy nations, needs will go
unmet, according to food and agricultural experts.

 "There is by far not enough investment made," said Claude Fauquet, scientific
director at the U.S.-based Donald Danforth Plant Science Centre, which is
developing a cassava for Africa that is enriched with beta carotene.

 "We estimate that already today there are 1 billion people in the world
suffering from malnutrition," said Fauquet. "This will not go down unless we
invest more."

 The Danforth Centre, which has a budget of about $4 million a year, will be
asking its donors, including the U.S. government, for increased contributions in
2012, he said.

 "FEED THE FUTURE"

 For decades, the world's focus has been more on food aid -- donating excess
grains and other agricultural supplies to poor nations. Over the last few years,
that focus has shifted towards better positioning poor farmers to feed
themselves.

 The goals include increasing food productivity, developing rural roads,
building processing and storage plants, and broadening access to markets to
provide higher incomes and long-term food security for people in poor countries.


 The key targets are an estimated 600 million people who live in poverty in
rural areas of Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia and depend on agriculture for
their livelihoods.

 The need for improved crop productivity was underscored by a 2008 spike in food
prices tied to production shortages. In July 2009 the United States pledged $3.5
billion (2.2 billion pounds) over three years in funding for world food security
programs. Another $18.5 billion was pledged by other wealthy nations.

 But keeping the pledge is getting harder as the global economy has faltered and
cuts hit U.S. and European budgets.

 "We do have to keep up the effort to secure funding," said Jonathan Shrier,
acting special representative for Global Food Security at the U.S. State
Department.

 The World Bank is also overseeing a fund dubbed the Global Agriculture and Food
Security Program (GAFSP). The United States is the largest donor, but Canada,
Spain, South Korea, Australia, Ireland and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
have also pledged funds that total $970 million.

 But more than $400 million of the pledged dollars have not come in, including
close to $300 million from the United States. A GAFSP report issued last month
said several countries had to be turned away due to the shortage of funds.

 "In terms of the global food security debate, agriculture is paramount," said
Emily Alpert, London-based senior policy manager for agriculture for ONE, an
advocacy organisation for development in Africa. "More funding is extremely
critical for addressing poverty reduction and food insecurity."

 Alongside that effort, the administration of Barack Obama last year launched a
"Feed the Future" initiative that is targeting 19 countries for agricultural
development assistance.

 U.S. officials are putting $10 million to $15 million in an irrigation system
for 8,000 farmers in Tanzania, for example. And they are helping teach farmers
in Kenya new crop production and management techniques and improving access to
better seeds that have helped the farmers triple their incomes off "orange
fleshed" sweet potatoes.

 The U.S. program has also helped launch an insurance program for cattle herders
in northern Kenya, and is helping fund development of heat- and
drought-resistant corn and other cereal crops.

 The program is considered a bright spot in global agricultural development but
its funding is in doubt.

 "We're feeling good about the strategic planning process we've made. We think
we can make a huge impact," said Paul Weisenfeld, head of the Bureau for Food
Security, which oversees the Feed the Future initiative.

 "Our concern about budget cuts is if we back away it will potentially have an
impact on donors worldwide. That is our big concern," he said.

 PRIVATE EFFORTS

 With the uncertainty surrounding the sustainability and expansion of government
funding, private investments into agricultural research and development are
rising.

 The Bill &#38; Melinda Gates Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation and other
charitable groups have committed billions of dollars for programs to improve the
nutrition and yields of maize, sorghum, rice, wheat and other crops.

 And many corporations have dived in. Monsanto, the world's largest seed
company, and DuPont, also a major seed company and one of the world's largest
chemical concerns, have development projects under way to improve food security
in Africa and elsewhere.

 Drought-tolerant crops and crops that use fertilizer more efficiently are among
the projects on the drawing board.

 Earlier this month, DuPont announced a partnership aimed at training 1,000
African educators to work with youth in five African counties to teach them
innovative farming practices.

 "There is no silver bullet. We need to work together," said DuPont Executive
Vice President James C. Borel. "We collectively need to do everything we can.

 "A handful of companies can't be expected to carry the load."

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Extra billions can be fed, but who will pay?

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 1171 words



HIGHLIGHT: In China, dairy cows revolve on carousels in synchronized milking; in
Kenya, small farmers are planting a new high-yielding sweet potato; and in
laboratories in Iowa, scientists play with plant genetics to create corn that
grows well even in drought.



 These projects, and scores more, are shaping a new century of agriculture.
Whether it be cattle herders in sub-Saharan Africa or rice growers in rural
Asia, farmers and ranchers need help to produce enough nutritious food to feed a
population forecast by the United Nations to hit 7 billion on October 31.



 The United Nations further predicts the population will grow to some 9 billion
by 2050. With no increase in arable land, an already taxed supply of fresh water
and fears of ongoing drought and harmful climate change, figuring out how to
feed that many people is a top priority for both government and private
interests, Reuters reports.

 But just as research, development and expansion of agricultural programs are
most critical, the public dollars pledged to this effort remain a pittance of
what is needed, and are in fact in danger of sharp decline, experts say.

 "We are talking about adding 2.6 billion people between now and 2050. That is
two Chinas," said Robert Thompson, who serves on the International Food &#38;
Agricultural Trade Policy Council and is former director of rural development
for the World Bank.

 In the 1980s, about 25 percent of U.S. foreign aid went to agriculture, but
that fell to 6 percent by 1990 and was only about 1 percent last year, Thompson
said. And the share of world bank lending going to agriculture is down from
about 30 percent in 1978 to less than 10 percent, he said.

 "We have to raise productivity," Thompson said. "I think we can do it all if we
invest enough in research. But at the moment we aren't."

 Moves by U.S. lawmakers to slash spending are threatening food security
programs being set up in poor countries, and will likely lead other nations to
similarly trim pledged agricultural development dollars, say experts in the
field.

 While charitable foundations, nonprofit development groups and private-sector
corporations are funnelling billions into agricultural programs, without the
heft of significant funding from the world's wealthy nations, needs will go
unmet, according to food and agricultural experts.

 "There is by far not enough investment made," said Claude Fauquet, scientific
director at the U.S.-based Donald Danforth Plant Science Centre, which is
developing a cassava for Africa that is enriched with beta carotene.

 "We estimate that already today there are 1 billion people in the world
suffering from malnutrition," said Fauquet. "This will not go down unless we
invest more."

 The Danforth Centre, which has a budget of about $4 million a year, will be
asking its donors, including the U.S. government, for increased contributions in
2012, he said.

 "FEED THE FUTURE"

 For decades, the world's focus has been more on food aid -- donating excess
grains and other agricultural supplies to poor nations. Over the last few years,
that focus has shifted towards better positioning poor farmers to feed
themselves.

 The goals include increasing food productivity, developing rural roads,
building processing and storage plants, and broadening access to markets to
provide higher incomes and long-term food security for people in poor countries.


 The key targets are an estimated 600 million people who live in poverty in
rural areas of Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia and depend on agriculture for
their livelihoods.

 The need for improved crop productivity was underscored by a 2008 spike in food
prices tied to production shortages. In July 2009 the United States pledged $3.5
billion (2.2 billion pounds) over three years in funding for world food security
programs. Another $18.5 billion was pledged by other wealthy nations.

 But keeping the pledge is getting harder as the global economy has faltered and
cuts hit U.S. and European budgets.

 "We do have to keep up the effort to secure funding," said Jonathan Shrier,
acting special representative for Global Food Security at the U.S. State
Department.

 The World Bank is also overseeing a fund dubbed the Global Agriculture and Food
Security Program (GAFSP). The United States is the largest donor, but Canada,
Spain, South Korea, Australia, Ireland and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
have also pledged funds that total $970 million.

 But more than $400 million of the pledged dollars have not come in, including
close to $300 million from the United States. A GAFSP report issued last month
said several countries had to be turned away due to the shortage of funds.

 "In terms of the global food security debate, agriculture is paramount," said
Emily Alpert, London-based senior policy manager for agriculture for ONE, an
advocacy organisation for development in Africa. "More funding is extremely
critical for addressing poverty reduction and food insecurity."

 Alongside that effort, the administration of Barack Obama last year launched a
"Feed the Future" initiative that is targeting 19 countries for agricultural
development assistance.

 U.S. officials are putting $10 million to $15 million in an irrigation system
for 8,000 farmers in Tanzania, for example. And they are helping teach farmers
in Kenya new crop production and management techniques and improving access to
better seeds that have helped the farmers triple their incomes off "orange
fleshed" sweet potatoes.

 The U.S. program has also helped launch an insurance program for cattle herders
in northern Kenya, and is helping fund development of heat- and
drought-resistant corn and other cereal crops.

 The program is considered a bright spot in global agricultural development but
its funding is in doubt.

 "We're feeling good about the strategic planning process we've made. We think
we can make a huge impact," said Paul Weisenfeld, head of the Bureau for Food
Security, which oversees the Feed the Future initiative.

 "Our concern about budget cuts is if we back away it will potentially have an
impact on donors worldwide. That is our big concern," he said.

 PRIVATE EFFORTS

 With the uncertainty surrounding the sustainability and expansion of government
funding, private investments into agricultural research and development are
rising.

 The Bill &#38; Melinda Gates Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation and other
charitable groups have committed billions of dollars for programs to improve the
nutrition and yields of maize, sorghum, rice, wheat and other crops.

 And many corporations have dived in. Monsanto, the world's largest seed
company, and DuPont, also a major seed company and one of the world's largest
chemical concerns, have development projects under way to improve food security
in Africa and elsewhere.

 Drought-tolerant crops and crops that use fertilizer more efficiently are among
the projects on the drawing board.

 Earlier this month, DuPont announced a partnership aimed at training 1,000
African educators to work with youth in five African counties to teach them
innovative farming practices.

 "There is no silver bullet. We need to work together," said DuPont Executive
Vice President James C. Borel. "We collectively need to do everything we can.

 "A handful of companies can't be expected to carry the load."

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Extra billions can be fed, but who will pay?

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 1171 words



HIGHLIGHT: In China, dairy cows revolve on carousels in synchronized milking; in
Kenya, small farmers are planting a new high-yielding sweet potato; and in
laboratories in Iowa, scientists play with plant genetics to create corn that
grows well even in drought.



 These projects, and scores more, are shaping a new century of agriculture.
Whether it be cattle herders in sub-Saharan Africa or rice growers in rural
Asia, farmers and ranchers need help to produce enough nutritious food to feed a
population forecast by the United Nations to hit 7 billion on October 31.



 The United Nations further predicts the population will grow to some 9 billion
by 2050. With no increase in arable land, an already taxed supply of fresh water
and fears of ongoing drought and harmful climate change, figuring out how to
feed that many people is a top priority for both government and private
interests, Reuters reports.

 But just as research, development and expansion of agricultural programs are
most critical, the public dollars pledged to this effort remain a pittance of
what is needed, and are in fact in danger of sharp decline, experts say.

 "We are talking about adding 2.6 billion people between now and 2050. That is
two Chinas," said Robert Thompson, who serves on the International Food &#38;
Agricultural Trade Policy Council and is former director of rural development
for the World Bank.

 In the 1980s, about 25 percent of U.S. foreign aid went to agriculture, but
that fell to 6 percent by 1990 and was only about 1 percent last year, Thompson
said. And the share of world bank lending going to agriculture is down from
about 30 percent in 1978 to less than 10 percent, he said.

 "We have to raise productivity," Thompson said. "I think we can do it all if we
invest enough in research. But at the moment we aren't."

 Moves by U.S. lawmakers to slash spending are threatening food security
programs being set up in poor countries, and will likely lead other nations to
similarly trim pledged agricultural development dollars, say experts in the
field.

 While charitable foundations, nonprofit development groups and private-sector
corporations are funnelling billions into agricultural programs, without the
heft of significant funding from the world's wealthy nations, needs will go
unmet, according to food and agricultural experts.

 "There is by far not enough investment made," said Claude Fauquet, scientific
director at the U.S.-based Donald Danforth Plant Science Centre, which is
developing a cassava for Africa that is enriched with beta carotene.

 "We estimate that already today there are 1 billion people in the world
suffering from malnutrition," said Fauquet. "This will not go down unless we
invest more."

 The Danforth Centre, which has a budget of about $4 million a year, will be
asking its donors, including the U.S. government, for increased contributions in
2012, he said.

 "FEED THE FUTURE"

 For decades, the world's focus has been more on food aid -- donating excess
grains and other agricultural supplies to poor nations. Over the last few years,
that focus has shifted towards better positioning poor farmers to feed
themselves.

 The goals include increasing food productivity, developing rural roads,
building processing and storage plants, and broadening access to markets to
provide higher incomes and long-term food security for people in poor countries.


 The key targets are an estimated 600 million people who live in poverty in
rural areas of Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia and depend on agriculture for
their livelihoods.

 The need for improved crop productivity was underscored by a 2008 spike in food
prices tied to production shortages. In July 2009 the United States pledged $3.5
billion (2.2 billion pounds) over three years in funding for world food security
programs. Another $18.5 billion was pledged by other wealthy nations.

 But keeping the pledge is getting harder as the global economy has faltered and
cuts hit U.S. and European budgets.

 "We do have to keep up the effort to secure funding," said Jonathan Shrier,
acting special representative for Global Food Security at the U.S. State
Department.

 The World Bank is also overseeing a fund dubbed the Global Agriculture and Food
Security Program (GAFSP). The United States is the largest donor, but Canada,
Spain, South Korea, Australia, Ireland and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
have also pledged funds that total $970 million.

 But more than $400 million of the pledged dollars have not come in, including
close to $300 million from the United States. A GAFSP report issued last month
said several countries had to be turned away due to the shortage of funds.

 "In terms of the global food security debate, agriculture is paramount," said
Emily Alpert, London-based senior policy manager for agriculture for ONE, an
advocacy organisation for development in Africa. "More funding is extremely
critical for addressing poverty reduction and food insecurity."

 Alongside that effort, the administration of Barack Obama last year launched a
"Feed the Future" initiative that is targeting 19 countries for agricultural
development assistance.

 U.S. officials are putting $10 million to $15 million in an irrigation system
for 8,000 farmers in Tanzania, for example. And they are helping teach farmers
in Kenya new crop production and management techniques and improving access to
better seeds that have helped the farmers triple their incomes off "orange
fleshed" sweet potatoes.

 The U.S. program has also helped launch an insurance program for cattle herders
in northern Kenya, and is helping fund development of heat- and
drought-resistant corn and other cereal crops.

 The program is considered a bright spot in global agricultural development but
its funding is in doubt.

 "We're feeling good about the strategic planning process we've made. We think
we can make a huge impact," said Paul Weisenfeld, head of the Bureau for Food
Security, which oversees the Feed the Future initiative.

 "Our concern about budget cuts is if we back away it will potentially have an
impact on donors worldwide. That is our big concern," he said.

 PRIVATE EFFORTS

 With the uncertainty surrounding the sustainability and expansion of government
funding, private investments into agricultural research and development are
rising.

 The Bill &#38; Melinda Gates Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation and other
charitable groups have committed billions of dollars for programs to improve the
nutrition and yields of maize, sorghum, rice, wheat and other crops.

 And many corporations have dived in. Monsanto, the world's largest seed
company, and DuPont, also a major seed company and one of the world's largest
chemical concerns, have development projects under way to improve food security
in Africa and elsewhere.

 Drought-tolerant crops and crops that use fertilizer more efficiently are among
the projects on the drawing board.

 Earlier this month, DuPont announced a partnership aimed at training 1,000
African educators to work with youth in five African counties to teach them
innovative farming practices.

 "There is no silver bullet. We need to work together," said DuPont Executive
Vice President James C. Borel. "We collectively need to do everything we can.

 "A handful of companies can't be expected to carry the load."

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Extra billions can be fed, but who will pay?

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 1171 words



HIGHLIGHT: In China, dairy cows revolve on carousels in synchronized milking; in
Kenya, small farmers are planting a new high-yielding sweet potato; and in
laboratories in Iowa, scientists play with plant genetics to create corn that
grows well even in drought.



 These projects, and scores more, are shaping a new century of agriculture.
Whether it be cattle herders in sub-Saharan Africa or rice growers in rural
Asia, farmers and ranchers need help to produce enough nutritious food to feed a
population forecast by the United Nations to hit 7 billion on October 31.



 The United Nations further predicts the population will grow to some 9 billion
by 2050. With no increase in arable land, an already taxed supply of fresh water
and fears of ongoing drought and harmful climate change, figuring out how to
feed that many people is a top priority for both government and private
interests, Reuters reports.

 But just as research, development and expansion of agricultural programs are
most critical, the public dollars pledged to this effort remain a pittance of
what is needed, and are in fact in danger of sharp decline, experts say.

 "We are talking about adding 2.6 billion people between now and 2050. That is
two Chinas," said Robert Thompson, who serves on the International Food &#38;
Agricultural Trade Policy Council and is former director of rural development
for the World Bank.

 In the 1980s, about 25 percent of U.S. foreign aid went to agriculture, but
that fell to 6 percent by 1990 and was only about 1 percent last year, Thompson
said. And the share of world bank lending going to agriculture is down from
about 30 percent in 1978 to less than 10 percent, he said.

 "We have to raise productivity," Thompson said. "I think we can do it all if we
invest enough in research. But at the moment we aren't."

 Moves by U.S. lawmakers to slash spending are threatening food security
programs being set up in poor countries, and will likely lead other nations to
similarly trim pledged agricultural development dollars, say experts in the
field.

 While charitable foundations, nonprofit development groups and private-sector
corporations are funnelling billions into agricultural programs, without the
heft of significant funding from the world's wealthy nations, needs will go
unmet, according to food and agricultural experts.

 "There is by far not enough investment made," said Claude Fauquet, scientific
director at the U.S.-based Donald Danforth Plant Science Centre, which is
developing a cassava for Africa that is enriched with beta carotene.

 "We estimate that already today there are 1 billion people in the world
suffering from malnutrition," said Fauquet. "This will not go down unless we
invest more."

 The Danforth Centre, which has a budget of about $4 million a year, will be
asking its donors, including the U.S. government, for increased contributions in
2012, he said.

 "FEED THE FUTURE"

 For decades, the world's focus has been more on food aid -- donating excess
grains and other agricultural supplies to poor nations. Over the last few years,
that focus has shifted towards better positioning poor farmers to feed
themselves.

 The goals include increasing food productivity, developing rural roads,
building processing and storage plants, and broadening access to markets to
provide higher incomes and long-term food security for people in poor countries.


 The key targets are an estimated 600 million people who live in poverty in
rural areas of Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia and depend on agriculture for
their livelihoods.

 The need for improved crop productivity was underscored by a 2008 spike in food
prices tied to production shortages. In July 2009 the United States pledged $3.5
billion (2.2 billion pounds) over three years in funding for world food security
programs. Another $18.5 billion was pledged by other wealthy nations.

 But keeping the pledge is getting harder as the global economy has faltered and
cuts hit U.S. and European budgets.

 "We do have to keep up the effort to secure funding," said Jonathan Shrier,
acting special representative for Global Food Security at the U.S. State
Department.

 The World Bank is also overseeing a fund dubbed the Global Agriculture and Food
Security Program (GAFSP). The United States is the largest donor, but Canada,
Spain, South Korea, Australia, Ireland and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
have also pledged funds that total $970 million.

 But more than $400 million of the pledged dollars have not come in, including
close to $300 million from the United States. A GAFSP report issued last month
said several countries had to be turned away due to the shortage of funds.

 "In terms of the global food security debate, agriculture is paramount," said
Emily Alpert, London-based senior policy manager for agriculture for ONE, an
advocacy organisation for development in Africa. "More funding is extremely
critical for addressing poverty reduction and food insecurity."

 Alongside that effort, the administration of Barack Obama last year launched a
"Feed the Future" initiative that is targeting 19 countries for agricultural
development assistance.

 U.S. officials are putting $10 million to $15 million in an irrigation system
for 8,000 farmers in Tanzania, for example. And they are helping teach farmers
in Kenya new crop production and management techniques and improving access to
better seeds that have helped the farmers triple their incomes off "orange
fleshed" sweet potatoes.

 The U.S. program has also helped launch an insurance program for cattle herders
in northern Kenya, and is helping fund development of heat- and
drought-resistant corn and other cereal crops.

 The program is considered a bright spot in global agricultural development but
its funding is in doubt.

 "We're feeling good about the strategic planning process we've made. We think
we can make a huge impact," said Paul Weisenfeld, head of the Bureau for Food
Security, which oversees the Feed the Future initiative.

 "Our concern about budget cuts is if we back away it will potentially have an
impact on donors worldwide. That is our big concern," he said.

 PRIVATE EFFORTS

 With the uncertainty surrounding the sustainability and expansion of government
funding, private investments into agricultural research and development are
rising.

 The Bill &#38; Melinda Gates Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation and other
charitable groups have committed billions of dollars for programs to improve the
nutrition and yields of maize, sorghum, rice, wheat and other crops.

 And many corporations have dived in. Monsanto, the world's largest seed
company, and DuPont, also a major seed company and one of the world's largest
chemical concerns, have development projects under way to improve food security
in Africa and elsewhere.

 Drought-tolerant crops and crops that use fertilizer more efficiently are among
the projects on the drawing board.

 Earlier this month, DuPont announced a partnership aimed at training 1,000
African educators to work with youth in five African counties to teach them
innovative farming practices.

 "There is no silver bullet. We need to work together," said DuPont Executive
Vice President James C. Borel. "We collectively need to do everything we can.

 "A handful of companies can't be expected to carry the load."

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Extra billions can be fed, but who will pay?

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 1171 words



HIGHLIGHT: In China, dairy cows revolve on carousels in synchronized milking; in
Kenya, small farmers are planting a new high-yielding sweet potato; and in
laboratories in Iowa, scientists play with plant genetics to create corn that
grows well even in drought.



 These projects, and scores more, are shaping a new century of agriculture.
Whether it be cattle herders in sub-Saharan Africa or rice growers in rural
Asia, farmers and ranchers need help to produce enough nutritious food to feed a
population forecast by the United Nations to hit 7 billion on October 31.



 The United Nations further predicts the population will grow to some 9 billion
by 2050. With no increase in arable land, an already taxed supply of fresh water
and fears of ongoing drought and harmful climate change, figuring out how to
feed that many people is a top priority for both government and private
interests, Reuters reports.

 But just as research, development and expansion of agricultural programs are
most critical, the public dollars pledged to this effort remain a pittance of
what is needed, and are in fact in danger of sharp decline, experts say.

 "We are talking about adding 2.6 billion people between now and 2050. That is
two Chinas," said Robert Thompson, who serves on the International Food &#38;
Agricultural Trade Policy Council and is former director of rural development
for the World Bank.

 In the 1980s, about 25 percent of U.S. foreign aid went to agriculture, but
that fell to 6 percent by 1990 and was only about 1 percent last year, Thompson
said. And the share of world bank lending going to agriculture is down from
about 30 percent in 1978 to less than 10 percent, he said.

 "We have to raise productivity," Thompson said. "I think we can do it all if we
invest enough in research. But at the moment we aren't."

 Moves by U.S. lawmakers to slash spending are threatening food security
programs being set up in poor countries, and will likely lead other nations to
similarly trim pledged agricultural development dollars, say experts in the
field.

 While charitable foundations, nonprofit development groups and private-sector
corporations are funnelling billions into agricultural programs, without the
heft of significant funding from the world's wealthy nations, needs will go
unmet, according to food and agricultural experts.

 "There is by far not enough investment made," said Claude Fauquet, scientific
director at the U.S.-based Donald Danforth Plant Science Centre, which is
developing a cassava for Africa that is enriched with beta carotene.

 "We estimate that already today there are 1 billion people in the world
suffering from malnutrition," said Fauquet. "This will not go down unless we
invest more."

 The Danforth Centre, which has a budget of about $4 million a year, will be
asking its donors, including the U.S. government, for increased contributions in
2012, he said.

 "FEED THE FUTURE"

 For decades, the world's focus has been more on food aid -- donating excess
grains and other agricultural supplies to poor nations. Over the last few years,
that focus has shifted towards better positioning poor farmers to feed
themselves.

 The goals include increasing food productivity, developing rural roads,
building processing and storage plants, and broadening access to markets to
provide higher incomes and long-term food security for people in poor countries.


 The key targets are an estimated 600 million people who live in poverty in
rural areas of Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia and depend on agriculture for
their livelihoods.

 The need for improved crop productivity was underscored by a 2008 spike in food
prices tied to production shortages. In July 2009 the United States pledged $3.5
billion (2.2 billion pounds) over three years in funding for world food security
programs. Another $18.5 billion was pledged by other wealthy nations.

 But keeping the pledge is getting harder as the global economy has faltered and
cuts hit U.S. and European budgets.

 "We do have to keep up the effort to secure funding," said Jonathan Shrier,
acting special representative for Global Food Security at the U.S. State
Department.

 The World Bank is also overseeing a fund dubbed the Global Agriculture and Food
Security Program (GAFSP). The United States is the largest donor, but Canada,
Spain, South Korea, Australia, Ireland and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
have also pledged funds that total $970 million.

 But more than $400 million of the pledged dollars have not come in, including
close to $300 million from the United States. A GAFSP report issued last month
said several countries had to be turned away due to the shortage of funds.

 "In terms of the global food security debate, agriculture is paramount," said
Emily Alpert, London-based senior policy manager for agriculture for ONE, an
advocacy organisation for development in Africa. "More funding is extremely
critical for addressing poverty reduction and food insecurity."

 Alongside that effort, the administration of Barack Obama last year launched a
"Feed the Future" initiative that is targeting 19 countries for agricultural
development assistance.

 U.S. officials are putting $10 million to $15 million in an irrigation system
for 8,000 farmers in Tanzania, for example. And they are helping teach farmers
in Kenya new crop production and management techniques and improving access to
better seeds that have helped the farmers triple their incomes off "orange
fleshed" sweet potatoes.

 The U.S. program has also helped launch an insurance program for cattle herders
in northern Kenya, and is helping fund development of heat- and
drought-resistant corn and other cereal crops.

 The program is considered a bright spot in global agricultural development but
its funding is in doubt.

 "We're feeling good about the strategic planning process we've made. We think
we can make a huge impact," said Paul Weisenfeld, head of the Bureau for Food
Security, which oversees the Feed the Future initiative.

 "Our concern about budget cuts is if we back away it will potentially have an
impact on donors worldwide. That is our big concern," he said.

 PRIVATE EFFORTS

 With the uncertainty surrounding the sustainability and expansion of government
funding, private investments into agricultural research and development are
rising.

 The Bill &#38; Melinda Gates Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation and other
charitable groups have committed billions of dollars for programs to improve the
nutrition and yields of maize, sorghum, rice, wheat and other crops.

 And many corporations have dived in. Monsanto, the world's largest seed
company, and DuPont, also a major seed company and one of the world's largest
chemical concerns, have development projects under way to improve food security
in Africa and elsewhere.

 Drought-tolerant crops and crops that use fertilizer more efficiently are among
the projects on the drawing board.

 Earlier this month, DuPont announced a partnership aimed at training 1,000
African educators to work with youth in five African counties to teach them
innovative farming practices.

 "There is no silver bullet. We need to work together," said DuPont Executive
Vice President James C. Borel. "We collectively need to do everything we can.

 "A handful of companies can't be expected to carry the load."

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Red Bluff Daily News (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 9, 2009 Friday

Funding boost expands WIC

BYLINE: Geoff Johnson, Red Bluff Daily News, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 446 words


Oct. 9--At a time when California is reducing or eliminating many of its social
services, the local Women, Infant and Children (WIC) program may soon be
expanding its services into Rancho Tehama and Los Molinos.

Tehama County currently boasts two WIC centers, one in Red Bluff and one in
Corning, which provide food and nutritional education to low-income mothers and
their children.

The program is receiving a funding boost from the federal government, amounting
to a sevenpercent increase in base funding across the state in what Health
Services Agency Assistant Program Director Jayme Bottke said is the United
States Department of Agriculture's attempt to meet the demand for WIC services.

At the same time, the local program applied for and received one-time grant
amounting to more than $173,000 over the next two years, also from the
Agriculture Department.

The funding should allow the local WIC center to hire on a certified lactation
consultant, a nurse for home visits for high-risk newborns and mothers with
needs and a nutrition assistant, Health Services Agency Assistant Executive
Director Jayme Bottke said.

Although it will require additional planning, the agency also hopes to use the
funds to take its mobile unit to Rancho Tehama and Los Molinos, Bottke said. If
the agency can follow through with the idea, the unit would likely visit the
areas several times a month.

The services it would offer and the amount of time it could spend in a given
location is something the department is still examining, Bottke said.

Along with the funding, the agency has also been granted permission to extend
its services to more clients, giving WIC about 75 more open slots starting
Tuesday.

Bottke said figures on local acceptance rate into the WIC program were
unavailable Wednesday, but she did say demands for WIC services have increased
as the economy has worsened.

The organization has a history of dealing with a greater demand than its funds
will allow it to serve, she said.

I don't hesitate in saying that we will likely be serving 100 percent of our new
numbers and hoping for more increases (in funding) in the future, Bottke said.

Staff Writer Geoff Johnson can be reached at 527-2153, extension 114, or at
gjohnson@redbluffdailynews.com

To see more of the Red Bluff Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.redbluffdailynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Red Bluff Daily News,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091009-JE-Funding-boost-expands-WIC-1009

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JE


                                 Copyright 2009


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 July 26, 1990

Government admits low spending on research

BYLINE: By NIGEL WILLIAMS, Science Correspondent

LENGTH: 492 words


The Government conceded yesterday that British industrial research and
development is falling behind that of other European countries and Japan, as
claimed previously by independent bodies.

In its annual review of government spending on research and development, the
Cabinet Office reveals that the Pounds 4.5 billion spent in 1988/89 was more
than Pounds 200 million less in real terms than the previous year.


For the first time, the report sets out the number of United States patents
granted to different countries as a measure of research and development output.

The figures show that between 1984 and 1988, the number of US patents granted to
British inventors had not increased in 15 years but those granted to West
Germany had more than doubled and those given to Japanese inventors had
increased 10-fold.

The report shows that the Government gives more money to military research and
development than to any other field 45.3 per cent rising to 47.6 per cent in
1993. This represents a rise from Pounds 1,991 million to Pounds 1,997 million
in real terms during the same period. The proportion is higher than for most of
Britain's competitors, including Japan, Italy, West Germany and France.

But spending on civilian scientific research is planned to fall by 13 per cent
in real terms by 1993. Funding of work by the research councils, University
Funding Council, and Polytechnic and College Funding Council will be reduced
from Pounds 1,505 million to Pounds 1,378 million a real-terms cut of 8 per
cent.

Research by civil departments will be reduced by 21 per cent to Pounds 819
million as part of the Goverment's continuing effort to move out of
'near-market' research.

Agricultural research has been particularly hard hit. The report reveals that
700 research jobs are to be shed from the Ministry of Agriculture by 1993 and
the Agriculture and Food Research Council, which has cut staff by 25 per cent
since 1983, is planning to cut 660 jobs.

However, Britain's contribution to European Community-directed research
programmes is forecast to increase from Pounds 128 million in 1988 to Pounds 222
million in 1993, but this will not make up for the planned reductions in
domestic expenditure.

Another comparison that will fuel the debate about the state of Britain's
research efforts is revealed in a breakdown of research priorities by the
Organisation of Economic Co-operation and Development. In 1988, Italy, France,
West Germany and Japan spent more than Britain on the 'advancement of knowledge'
curiosity-driven research which is vital to a country's science base. West
Germany spent Pounds 2,500 million almost two and half times as much as Britain.
Japan, often thought to focus narrowly on applied research, spent the same
amount.

There is little comfort for the research councils, like the Medical Research
Council, who are finding it increasingly difficult to attract able students.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Woodward News (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Specialty crop grants available

BYLINE: Kevin Weiss Staff Writer, The Woodward News, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 600 words


March 13--The Oklahoma Department of Agriculture Food & Forestry (ODAFF) has
announced funding opportunities for those in the specialty crop industry through
the United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program.

"The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program is a great opportunity to fund research,
education and outreach projects that benefit Oklahoma's specialty crop farmers,"
said Jason Harvey, an agriculture marketing coordinator for ODAFF. "These funds
also improve the quality and availability of locally produced fruits and
vegetables to consumers."

Eligible applicants include non-profit organizations, local, state and federal
government entities, for-profit organizations and colleges and universities.

"It has to have an educational component and it can't just benefit a single
organization or single institution or individual," said ODAFF Market Development
Director Jamey Allen. "It could be an individual farmer that gets funding, but
you'd have to have that component of 'okay I'm working with the extension office
in my county and we're going to hold a workshop following this trial,' and then
open that up to regional farmers or even statewide."

Projects involving the following specialty crops are eligible: fruits,
vegetables, tree nuts, culinary herbs and spices, medicinal plants, as well as
nursery, floriculture and horticulture crops.

The focus of grant proposals are essentially endless and can range anywhere from
research to marketing to nutrition to food safety and more.

"A university could conduct research on feasibility of cultivating a specialty
crop or a single grower could request funds to demonstrate the viability of
organic small fruit production," said Allen. "A single company might request
funds to provide an alternative pollination strategy for specialty crops or
there might be an organization that would conduct an advertising campaign that
might benefit other specialty crop members."

In the past, the USDA would provide Oklahoma around $300,000 for the program.
However, last year the state was allocated over $600,000, Allen said.

She credited the Agricultural Act of 2014 as one reason the state was given over
double the funds.

"The USDA provides these grants to state departments of Ag just to entice the
competitiveness of specialty crops," she said. "Some states don't take advantage
of that specialty crop money and Oklahoma's been really good about trying to use
every bit of the monies that's allocated to us; I also think our state received
an increase in the amount because the of new Farm Bill that went into effect."

While the USDA hasn't released the amount that will be allocated to Oklahoma for
2015, Allen expects the ODAFF to receive an amount similar to 2014's figure.

"No one will exactly say to us, 'you're going to get $630,000 this year,' but we
anticipate we will get that much money," she said.

Allen added that $120,000 is the most that can be allocated for a single
project.

"Usually, the amounts would range from $30,000 to $120,000 for each grant
recipient," she said. "Every year, we have about 12 to 15 projects and that's
how much the $600,000 or so will usually fund."

Grant proposals must be received by the ODAFF no later than 5 p.m. on April 21.

Specialty Crop Grant Program applications can be found at
http://www.ag.ok.gov/mktdev/scg.htm.

For additional information, you can call Jason Harvey at (405)-522-5563 or email
him at jason.harvey@ag.ok.gov

___ (c)2015 The Woodward News (Woodward, Okla.) Visit The Woodward News
(Woodward, Okla.) at woodwardnews.net Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150313-ZR-Specialty-crop-grants-available-0313-20150313

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZR


                        Copyright 2015 The Woodward News


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             November 17, 1982, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

FOR THE HEALTH AND THE FEEDING OF AMERICANS

SECTION: Section A; Page 34, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 575 words


To the Editor:

I'm sure the intent of your Oct. 21 editorial ''The Worm in the Bud'' was to
increase awareness of the plight of agricultural research and the attendant
hazards, and that is commendable. However, you show a serious lack of
appreciation concerning the research of both the U.S. Department of Agriculture
and the National Institutes of Health.

Both organizations maintain large central facilities (Beltsville and Bethesda,
Md.) and most of the most productive work of each is done by many small
laboratories at colleges and universities throughout the country. (Contrary to
the impression you give, the N.I.H. extramural program is scattered far more
than the U.S.D.A.'s.)

The sizes of the laboratories involved are not greatly different.  Most employ
one to 50 persons, although N.I.H. supports some larger labs because it has more
funds earmarked for extramural research.  Both programs are subject to the whim
of Congress.

The major difference is formula funding (by state, according to the Hatch and
McIntire-Stennis Acts, in the U.S.D.A.; according to a peer review system by
N.I.H.).  Peer review is supposed to insure the highest quality of work, but
there is considerable argument over whether or not it does. Peer review is
tremendously expensive to administer, the best scientists contribute
considerable time to it (effectively decreasing their research effort) and the
reporting requirements take an additional 20 percent of the research effort of
all investigators.

The reviewers are in competition with each other and all other applicants for
funds. Really new ideas are at a disadvantage because they are not popular and
because risk of failure is involved. Still, N.I.H. maintains that ''we have no
better system,'' and those of us involved as research scientists and as peer
reviewers have not suggested a better method. But a large portion of the
research budget and research time and effort of our best scientists is destroyed
by the system.

The formula funding in U.S.D.A. research overcomes most of the objections and
costs of peer review and is far more efficient financially. Project review by a
few administrators does keep the work fairly well accountable, and although the
average project may not rank scientifically as high as the average project
funded by N.I.H., the overall productivity and scientific achievement is
comparable on a dollar-for-dollar basis.

The past successes of each show that agricultural research has fed the nation
for less, while medical research has increased costs. Of course, that's not the
whole story. People who would have died of TB, smallpox, etc., now survive to
require attention for other diseases.  The products of the two are evidently not
comparable.

Still, except for the mechanics of funding, the labs utilized by each are
comparable. And it is clear that future health is dependent on both, and that
their financing is shaky. What is not clear is that either system of financing
is better or more productive.

My view is based on 37 years of research experience with both systems at three
land-grant universities' colleges of agriculture.  Most of my funding is for
medical research and is supported by N.I.H.; there is little available other
than for salaries (no supplies, equipment, etc.) from the U.S.D.A.
W. E.C. MOORE, University Distinguished Professor, Dept. of Anaerobic
Microbiology Virginia Polytechnic Institute, Blacksburg, Va., Nov. 9, 1982

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: drawing

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    July 24, 1996, Wednesday, Final Edition

A Drought We Can't Afford

Daniel S. Greenberg

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 679 words


Science will provide. That's the confident assurance of the optimists in
response to worrisome indications that demand is en route to outpacing food
production.

Pre-harvest stocks of grain have declined for the third straight year and now
are at the lowest level on record, according to Worldwatch Institute. To satisfy
its growing appetite for meat, China has shifted from a net exporter to a net
importer of grain, even as urban growth takes over farmlands. In the United
States and elsewhere, increases in per-acre yield have leveled off from the
fabulous gains of the past three decades. Throughout the world, food prices have
risen substantially as supply fails to keep pace with population growth and
upscale tastes.

Worrisome? Yes. But history records the capaci ty of science to mock Malthusian
gloom with miracles of productivity. Surely it will deliver a late-century
encore for the Green Revolution and other science-based breakthroughs in
agriculture.

It can, but don't count on it.

The scientific enterprise that revolutionized American agriculture is decaying
from political and fiscal neglect, though alarms have been sounding all across
the political spectrum and in independent think tanks for at least a decade.
Nonetheless, agricultural science consistently ranks near the bottom in
government research priorities, and that's what hurts, since Washington provides
the bankroll for the fundamental science that ignites agricultural revolutions.

At about $ 1.2 billion this year, the research budget of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture accounts for a mere 2 percent of all federal research spending and
is lower in purchasing power than it was five years ago. In Washington politics,
agricultural research is barely noticed among such giants of federal research as
defense ($ 35 billion), space ($ 14 billion) and health ($ 12 billion).

One reason for the absence of broad interest is that the economics of
agriculture research is dominated by entrenched insiders. The system for
distributing research money to universities is largely preordained by ancient
formulas that guarantee shares for each of 76 land-grant colleges and
universities, regardless of the scientific quality or relevance of their
research.

Decades of efforts to enliven agricultural research with the competitive
requirements built into medical research have produced grudgingly small funds
from Congress. Whereas university scientists must scramble to get research money
from the National Institutes of Health, the bulk of agriculture's academic
research money simply comes in the mail for just being there. Agricultural
research was years behind in joining the biotechnology revolution.

Continuing a White House tradition, the Clinton administration has devoted
little attention to agricultural research. The top research post in the
Department of Agriculture has been filled on an acting basis by one or another
temporary appointee throughout most of the Clinton administration. The only
full-fledged occupant left recently after less than a year on the job. Given the
logjam of nominees on Capitol Hill, the post is not likely to be filled before
Election Day.

What's striking about the many recent studies of agricultural research is their
unanimity of dismay about the inadequacy of government support. A review of
agricultural research published late last year by the conservative American
Enterprise Institute concludes that a "significant increase in federal funding,
or federal government action to stimulate increased funding by state government
or industry, seems to be warranted." The study also sounded the customary
reformist call for more competition for research funds.

Similar recommendations are contained in a report soon to be published by the
nonpartisan, scholarly National Academy of Sciences.

No one disagrees with these findings -- except the dug-in beneficiaries of our
antiquated system of agricultural research.

Daniel S. Greenberg is editor and publisher of Science & Government Report, a
Washington newsletter.


LOAD-DATE: July 24, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, james m. thresher

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces Approximately $23 Million
Available for Citrus Greening Research

LENGTH: 775  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

ORLANDO, Fla., April 1, 2015 - At an Orlando grocery store filled with Florida
citrus, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the availability of
$23 million in USDA funding to support research and extension projects for
producers fighting citrus greening disease. Huanglongbing (HLB), commonly known
as citrus greening, threatens the future viability of the citrus industry in the
United States, having infected more than 75 percent of the Florida citrus crop.
This funding is available through the Citrus Disease Research and Extension
Program (CDRE), part of the 2014 Farm Bill.

"Citrus greening threatens citrus production in the United States and other
nations," said Vilsack. "It will take continued collaboration with growers,
state governments, and researchers to find viable solutions to end this harmful
disease. Only long-term solutions through research will help to stop this
disease that threatens the livelihoods of thousands of citrus producers and
workers and billions of dollars in sales."

Since the initial detection of Huanglongbing in Florida in 2005, the disease has
affected the vast majority of Florida's citrus-producing areas. HLB has also
been detected in Georgia, Louisiana, South Carolina, and small areas in Texas
and one residential tree in California. It has also been detected in Puerto
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and 14 states in Mexico. A total of 15 states or
territories are under full or partial quarantine due to the detected presence of
the Asian citrus psyllid, a vector for HLB: Alabama, American Samoa, Arizona,
California, Florida, Georgia, Guam, Hawaii, Louisiana, Mississippi, Northern
Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, South Carolina, Texas, and the U.S. Virgin
Islands.

The CDRE grants will be administered by the National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA). NIFA will give priority to projects that are multistate,
multi-institutional, or trans-disciplinary and include clearly defined
mechanisms to communicate results to producers. Successful applicants will be
expected to engage stakeholders to ensure solutions are commercially feasible.
Projects should also include an economic analysis of the costs associated with
proposed solutions.

In fiscal year 2014, NIFA awarded $23 million to fight citrus greening through
CDRE. Examples of funded projects include a grant to the University of Florida
to develop a bactericide that can be applied to infected citrus trees to reduce
or eliminate pathogens, a project at Kansas State University to develop a
therapeutic delivery system that will prevent Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus
from infecting plants or prevent the development of HLB in infected citrus, and
a grant at the University of California-Davis that focuses on using new genetic
approaches to managing the Asian citrus psyllid that causes HLB.

Pre-applications that include a Stakeholder Relevance Statement are due on June
1, 2015. Applicants who are invited to submit full applications based on an
industry relevancy review of the pre-applications will be required to submit
full applications by Aug. 14, 2015. See the request for applications on the NIFA
website for more information.

The SCRI program addresses critical needs of the specialty crop industry by
awarding grants to support research and extension activities that address key
challenges of national, regional, and multi-state importance in sustaining all
components of food and agriculture, including conventional and organic food
production systems.

The Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement
each provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief
to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access
to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative
public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made
products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to
help improve quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future. For more information,
visit www.nifa.usda.gov.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 10, 2012 Friday

Agriculture in United States losing ground in innovation

BYLINE: Tom Cherveny, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 561 words


Aug. 10--America used to account for 21 percent of all research and development
focused on agriculture in the world. Today, it is China that holds that lead
position. The U.S. investment has shrunk to 14 percent, according to Dr. Brian
Buhr, head of the Department of Applied Economics at the University of
Minnesota. Buhr was part of a panel of U of M department heads speaking at
Farmfest on Thursday.

They urged more investment in research funding, as well as strengthening the
partnerships between producers, private industry and education that made
possible many of the innovations we now benefit by.

Buhr said that Minnesota's investment in its Agricultural Experiment Stations
has remained stagnant or in decline since 1990. It is currently at about $45
million a year.

Unfortunately, private industry investment in agricultural R & D is stagnant as
well, according to Buhr.

Part of the problem is complacency, he said. Companies are not making
investments in long-term research due to the pressures for short-term profits.

Yet the need for long-term research has never been more important for
agriculture. "Some of these issues that we see emerging are very long term
issues, sort of glacier in speed,'' said Buhr. He cited climate change,
resistance by pests to controls, and a growing world population and shrinking
resource base to produce food as examples.

Buhr said public investment in research needs to grow. Market incentives do not
often exist for private industry to make R & D investments that requires 20 or
more years before returns can be realized.

A regulatory system that unnecessarily lengthens the time it takes to bring
innovations to the market is a problem as well, he said.

No state has more to gain from innovation than Minnesota, according to research
by the College of Applied Economics. For every $1 in public funds expended on
agricultural R & D, a $50 return is realized. That compares to a $22 to $1 ratio
nation-wide, according to Buhr.

Agricultural productivity grew by 1.75 percent to 2 percent annually in the
1990's due to innovations resulting from basic research undertaken 10 and 20
years earlier. Today, agriculture is seeing productivity gains slow to about .5
percent per year, Buhr pointed out.

There is a ''brain drain'' evident as well. There are declines in the numbers of
students in agricultural and biology graduate programs, said Dr. Michael White,
head of the Department of Animal Sciences at the University of Minnesota.

The University speakers also noted that the challenges of putting agricultural
instructors in high schools across the state are growing too. The vast majority
of graduates in the College of Agriculture's educational program are lured to
higher paying positions in private industry.

All of this comes as Dr. Eric Kaler, president of the University of Minnesota,
announced that he wants the University to ramp up its commitment to agriculture.

"With our concentration of growers, food producers and large, multi-national
corporations in the food space, I think Minnesota is equipped to become the
Silicone Valley of the food industry,'' said Kaler. "And I am going to advance
that idea with state leaders as we move in to the next legislative session.''

___ (c)2012 West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minn.) Visit West Central Tribune
(Willmar, Minn.) at www.wctrib.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120810-YM-Agriculture-in-United-States
-losing-ground-in-innovation-0810-20120810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2012 West Central Tribune


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 18, 2013

Development grants available

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 183  words


Jasper Schneider, United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development state director, announced that applications are being accepted for
grants to finance and facilitate the development of new and existing businesses.

"Small businesses are the backbone of the economy in rural communities,"
Schneider said. "The grant funding is focused on making sure that Main Street
businesses have the tools they need."

Funding is being made available through the Rural Business Enterprise Grant
program. The program provides grants for technical assistance, establishment of
revolving loan funds, equipment purchases and the acquisition of land,
buildings, and infrastructure to enhance business development. Public bodies,
non-profit entities and Native American tribes may apply for grants ranging from
$10,000 to $500,000.

In 2013, four North Dakota entities received grants totaling more than $200,000.
Grant applications are due on March 1, 2014. More information about how to apply
is available at www.rur-dev.usda.gov/BCP_rbeg.html or by calling the USDA Rural
Development office at (701) 530-2037.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2013 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     August 13, 1993, Friday, DAILY EDITION

U.S. EXPECTED TO URGE MORE CORN PLANTING: Floods cut grain reserves

BYLINE: Vicki Allen Reuter

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 292 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


The U.S. government is expected to encourage farmers to plant more corn next
year to replenish the country's reserves, which will be cut by the disastrous
Midwest floods of 1993, analysts say.

They also believe that Washington will be pressured to buy up low-quality grains
damaged by the floods that destroyed US$2.5 billion of corn and soybeans. Some
wheat is fit only for livestock feed.

Analysts said things could get even worse in the fall when the late crops will
be vulnerable to an early killer freeze.

Because of these problems, observers said the Agriculture Department will likely
need to compensate farmers by buying up feed wheat and low-grade corn for export
donation programs.

The government will also have to give farmers huge cash payments for
quality-loss, they said.

''They're under pressure to do a feed wheat program, and if they do that I think
they may have to do that for corn as well,'' said Randy Russell, consultant at
Lesher & Associates. ''I think this year, quality disaster payments will be made
and it will be significant amounts.''

In a report issued Wednesday, the department estimated that this year's corn
crop will be down 22% from a year ago and the soybean crop is forecast to be
down 13%. The cuts stemmed from the floods as well as the Southeast's drought.

The government has already launched a program to compensate farmers for their
losses this year.

Congress has passed a bill that appropriates US$1.4 billion and gives the
Agriculture Department authority to borrow from its own revolving fund to meet
additional costs.

The department estimates it will spend a total of US$2.5 billion on this year's
disaster payments, which compensate farmers for 42% of their losses.


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1993 Financial Post Ltd.


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 8, 2011

NRCS Provides Funding for Conservation Efforts in the Ogallala Aquifer

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 233  words


The USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) in Colorado will provide
approximately $400, 000 to conserve the water in the Ogallala Aquifer. The NRCS
will fund this initiative through its Environmental Quality Incentives Program
(EQIP).

Colorado, Nebraska, Wyoming, Oklahoma, Kansas, New Mexico, and Texas rely on the
Ogallala Aquifer for water. In Colorado, the Ogallala Aquifer initiative offers
an additional funding opportunity for agriculture producers.

"This funding allows producers to install conservation practices that directly
benefit the water quality and water quantity issues in this aquifer," said Dawn
Jackson, Assistant State Conservationist for Programs, NRCS Denver.

Interested agriculture producers are encouraged to visit their local NRCS field
office and fill out a 2011 EQIP application. The applications for this funding
cycle will be accepted until July 22, 2011. These applications will be ranked
and considered for funding by August 5, 2011. Applications accepted after July
22, 2011 will be deferred to the next funding cycle.

NRCS field office staff will work with interested individuals to develop a
conservation plan that has a positive impact on the Ogallala Aquifer and meets
the individual's overall objectives.

For more information please contact your local NRCS office or visit the NRCS
Colorado website at http://www.co.nrcs.usda.gov/p rograms/eqip/eqip.html.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Natural Resources

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 Kiowa County Press


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Stonewall County Courier (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 26, 2011

Rural Community Facilities Program is a lifeline

BYLINE: Stonewall County Courier staff

LENGTH: 577  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture, known for its drought and disaster
assistance to farmers, is providing hundreds of millions of dollars to
cash-strapped towns and public safety agencies to buy police patrol cars, equip
fire stations and renovate courthouses.

Part of a broad mission directed by the agency's Rural Community Facilities
Program, the mix of grants and loans is offering a lifeline to small communities
across the country that are struggling in a difficult economy.

Since FY 2006, the program has doled out $770million in public safety funding,
including $39million for 1,235 police cars and $120.5million for 1,149
firetrucks, according to department records. Though not widely known outside
rural areas served by the program, the funding is drawing new interest from
financially stressed communities and as traditional sources of public safety aid
-- from the U.S. Justice Department and Department of Homeland Security -- are
being reduced.

"The first time i heard of this program, 1 was surprised," said Seneca Falls, N.
Y., Police Chief Frederick Capozzi, an advocate for the agriculture program.
"You have to be broad-minded when you're looking for money. And we're all
looking for money for training and equipment."

Capozzi, who heads a 13-per-son department, said the agriculture funding is
providing crucial aid to agencies supported by small community tax bases, where
a new firetruck or police car often is a prohibitive expense.

"There are things we just can't afford to buy," said Capozzi, whose own village
government will be largely eliminated in December as part of a cost-savings
move.

The agriculture aid programs are designed to assist communities with populations
of up to 20,000 with a variety of functions specific to rural America.

The programs include loans and grants for more traditional agricultural-oriented
services involving water, drainage and waste systems.

Assistance also is provided for funding "essential community facilities," such
as fire protection and law enforcement services, according to the agency's
program documents.

Police Chief Frederick Capozzi says agriculture funding is crucial to smaller
communities.

Last month, the department announced an extensive package of aid for 15 Texas
communities, including an $8.1 million loan and a $35,000 grant to renovate the
Starr County Courthouse in far south Texas' Rio Grande City.

The largest aid recipient in the package, Port Isabel, was awarded a total of
$26 million in loans for the construction of a jail and law enforcement complex,
along with a visitor and community center.

In addition to "reliable emergency services and equipment," Tammye Trevino, an
Agriculture Department rural administrator, said the projects would likely
create jobs and attract businesses .

Cheryl May, director of the National Center for Rural Law Enforcement, said the
wide range of aid addresses needs specific to rural communities.

May said an agriculture grant helped create the Rural Executive Management
Institute, a roving training program that helps prepare police chiefs and
sheriffs for their roles in rural communities.

"The challenges facing rural agencies are much different than in urban
departments," May said, adding that an estimated 900 officers have cycled
through the institute's training sessions. "There is often little money and a
majority of the agencies are operating with fewer than 10 officers.

"Having this funding available just does a lot of good," May said.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCC

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2011 The Stonewall County Courier


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                              June 26, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Livestock producers looking for help

BYLINE: Cassandra Kyle, Saskatchewan News Network

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 439  words

DATELINE: SASKATOON


Saskatchewan's livestock industry needs federal assistance in line with funding
sent to Ontario's auto industry and B.C.'s forestry sector, provincial
Agriculture Minister Bob Bjornerud said Thursday.

Cattle and hog producers are dealing with a frustrating combination of low
prices and the introduction of country of origin labelling (COOL) in the United
States. Additionally the H1N1, or so-called swine flu, scare is affecting pork
sales and poor spring weather is causing a pasture and hay shortage affecting
Saskatchewan's cattle industry, the minister said.

Financial assistance to livestock producers from Saskatchewan's cattle and hog
support program is making its way into the hands of affected producers, but the
dollar amounts going to livestock operations could have been higher had the
federal government agreed to increase its funding through the program, Bjornerud
said.

"I guess my argument was you're giving assistance to the auto industry and some
of the other sectors ... our cattle industry in Saskatchewan is as important to
us as the auto industry is in Ontario," Bjornerud said Thursday.

The minister, speaking after a presentation at the Agricultural Producers
Association of Saskatchewan (APAS) mid-term convention in Saskatoon, said some
producers -- especially in the cattle sector -- are closing their operations and
walking away as the economics are too dire to continue. In recent weeks, he
said, the provincial government has opened additional pasture land and, working
with the federal department of Agriculture and Agri-Food, made changes to crop
insurance to allow cows to graze on fields where the crop has failed.

Bjornerud plans to ask for more federal funding for livestock producers when he
meets with federal Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz in Ontario on July 8 and 9.

Laurent Pellerin, president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture, said
Canada's livestock industry needs immediate financial help. It's not just the
beef and pork sectors in Saskatchewan that are facing difficulties, he said at
the APAS convention, but all of the cattle and hog sectors across the country.

The pork industry, specifically, is facing huge hurdles, Pellerin explained.

"We need new cash, money, liquidity at the farm level to make sure the farmer
will be able to pay their bills next week, next month, because that's really the
crucial question for hog farmers: How will I pay my bills next week?" he said.

In a statement to The StarPhoenix Thursday, Ritz said there's always ways to
improve programs that help farmers, adding the federal government is always
willing to work with farmers to tweak existing programs.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2009 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2016 Monday

Washington: Sen. Moran Sees Consequences of Historic Wheat Harvest Firsthand,
Calls on USDA and USAID to Prioritize Wheat Shipments in Food Aid

LENGTH: 553  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jerry Moran has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Jerry Moran (R-Kan.) - chairman of the Senate Agriculture
Appropriations Subcommittee - called on the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Secretary Thomas Vilsack and U.S. Agency for International Development
(USAID) Administrator Gayle Smith today to prioritize donations of wheat in U.S.
food aid to reduce food insecurity across the globe and the oversupply of wheat
that is contributing to low prices.





 "As I've been traveling across Kansas, I've witnessed the historic wheat
harvest, surplus of high-quality wheat and resulting low wheat prices," Sen.
Moran said. "I'm hopeful we can utilize the current abundance of wheat stocks to
provide even greater assistance to those in need to reduce food insecurity and
support wheat farmers in Kansas and across the country."



 The Senate Fiscal Year 2017 Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug
Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill supports food aid by
providing additional funding for the Food for Peace program and maintaining
elevated funding levels for the McGovern-Dole Food For Education Program.



 The text of the letter is below and available here.



 Dear Secretary Vilsack and Administrator Smith:



 Thank you for your leadership in administering our nation's food aid programs.
The United States leads the world in the fight against global hunger,
contributing nearly half of all in-kind donations to food insecure nations. Our
country's food aid programs embody the inherent generosity of the American
people.



 The U.S. wheat industry has a long and successful history of partnering with
the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID), and private humanitarian organizations in helping to reduce
global hunger. Wheat is the most consumed commodity worldwide, making up 20
percent of the calories and 20 percent of the protein consumed by the world's
poorest. Approximately 600,000 metric tons of wheat were donated through U.S.
food aid during the most recent marketing year.



 The Consolidated Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2016 directly supported
U.S. food aid efforts by providing a significant increase in funding for the
delivery of food aid to populations in need. The Senate FY2017 Agriculture,
Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies
Appropriations bill continues our strong support for food aid by providing
additional funding for the Food for Peace program and maintaining elevated
funding levels for the McGovern-Dole Food For Education Program.



 Following a historic wheat harvest in Kansas and other states, there is a
surplus of high quality wheat available on the market. The current abundance of
wheat stocks offers an opportunity to provide even greater assistance to those
in need through increased shipments of wheat. During the procurement process for
in-kind commodity donations in the future, I encourage you to prioritize the
utilization of wheat to help those in need.



 Thank you for your consideration of this request, and once again, for your
leadership in making U.S. food aid a source of pride for Americans.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Thomas Tribune (Oklahoma)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 16, 2012

Deadline for Ag grants Oct. 1

BYLINE: The Thomas Tribune staff

LENGTH: 213  words


The Agricultural Enhancement and Diversification Program (AEDP) helps fund
qualified agriculture-related projects across the state with zero percent
interest loans and grants. The program goal is to expand the state's value-added
sector and encourage farm diversification.

There are four types of funding sources available including a farm
diversification grant, a marketing and utilization loan, a cooperative marketing
loan, and the basic and applied research loan/grant. The application process is
fairly simple and applications are accepted quarterly. The next deadline is Oct.
1.

AEDP funds can be used for a variety of projects. Requirements for the program
stipulate that funding be used to produce agriculture-related products and must
create rural economic development. Applicants must be 21 years of age and must
reside in and be a legal resident of Oklahoma. The application form and
additional information about each loan can be found at
www.ag.ok.gov/mktdev/aedp.htm.

Program coordinator Jason Harvey can be reached at 405-522-5563 or jason.
harvey@ag.ok.gov to assist in the completion and review of applications prior to
submission.

The Agricultural Enhancement and Diversification Program is administered by the
Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food, and Forestry.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TMS

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 The Thomas Tribune


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           November 15, 2011 Tuesday

new england in brief

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1169 words


Tuesday November 15, 2011

Funding caps lifted on federal disaster aid

MONTPELIER (AP) -- The big question about post-Irene federal disaster aid for
Vermont has been answered in the state's favor.

Sen. Patrick Leahy on Monday announced that a House-Senate conference committee
on Capitol Hill had agreed to a new federal highway funding package that lifts
funding caps for disaster relief that had had Vermont officials very worried.

Gov. Peter Shumlin says he's elated, and is heaping praise on Leahy, Sen. Bernie
Sanders and Rep. Peter Welch for their work in securing the funding.

The state has been estimating up to $250 million in repair costs for
federal-aid-eligible roads and bridges. Officials were worried about a $100
million-per-state cap on disaster funding from the federal highway
administration. The provision approved Monday lifts that cap.

Vt. AG looking at open meeting law complaint

BENNINGTON (AP) -- The state Attorney General's office is investigating a
complaint against six southwest Vermont school boards regarding their compliance
with the state's Open Meeting Law.

The boards and Southwest Vermont Supervisory Union Superintendent Catherine
McClure denied wrongdoing at the Oct 28 meeting at Mount Anthony Union Middle
School.

The only item for discussion was updating the boards on teacher negotiations.
The complaint alleges the boards did not allow the public into the meeting room
prior to the executive session, didn't give time for the public to speak, and
the location of the meeting was moved without advanced warning.

The letter does not state who made the complaint.

Teachers who went on strike for nine days overwhelmingly ratified a new
three-year labor contract last week.

Parts of Vt., N.H., Maine designated disaster areas

CONCORD, N.H. (AP) -- Farms parts of New Hampshire, Vermont and Maine are
eligible for low-interest loans to cover losses from flooding, hail and heavy
rains, including Tropical Storm, that started on May 1.

The United States Department of Agriculture designated eight counties in New
Hampshire, five in Vermont and two in Maine as natural disaster areas on Nov. 9.

The designation means the qualified farmers in those counties are eligible for
low emergency loans from United State Department of Agriculture's Farm Service
Agency.

The areas covered are Belknap, Coos, Hillsborough, Strafford, Carroll, Grafton,
Rockingham and Sullivan counties in New Hampshire and Caledonia, Essex, Orange,
Windham and Windsor counties in Vermont. Qualified farmers in Oxford and York
counties also are eligible.

Economists to discuss New England forecasts

MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) -- Economists from around New England will present their
forecasts for the region at a conference in Manchester, N.H.

The New England Economic Partnership is sponsoring the Fall Economic Outlook
Conference on Friday. University of New Hampshire Professor Ross Gittell and
economist Dennis Delay of the New Hampshire Center for Public Policy Studies are
among the presenters.

Mark Zandi, the chief economist for Moody's Analytics, will discuss the outlook
for the nation.

Seabrook plant to conduct siren test

SEABROOK, N.H. (AP) -- The Seabrook Station nuclear power plant and the states
of New Hampshire and Massachusetts will be conducting a test of 121 public alert
sirens within a 10-mile area around the plant known as the Emergency Planning
Zone.

The siren demonstration scheduled for Wednesday is intended to increase public
awareness of what the sirens sound like and what to do if they should be used in
a real emergency. The sirens will be sounded at 12:30 p.m. with a steady tone
for three to five minutes.

No public action is needed.

50 laid off by N.H.'s Dartmouth-Hitchcock

LEBANON, N.H. (AP) -- About 50 Dartmouth-Hitchcock employees have lost their
jobs as the health system works to close a $100 million budget deficit.

Dartmouth-Hitchcock CEO James Weinstein said earlier this month that up to 100
positions would be eliminated over the next two months. The layoffs started
Monday, with about 50 workers, none of whom are directly connected to patient
care.

Dartmouth-Hitchcock has 8,500 employees. More than three-quarters of them work
at Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center in Lebanon, and the rest are located
primarily at larger clinics in Manchester, Concord, Nashua and Keene.

Weinstein says some of the terminated workers might be eligible to fill other
vacant positions.

Several other hospitals also have announced layoffs since the state budget took
effect July 1, and at least one has cut services to needy patients.

Aids Memorial Quilt squares coming to Keene

CONCORD, N.H. (AP) -- Portions of the mammoth Aids Memorial Quilt will be
arriving in Keene to commemorate World Aids Day Dec. 1.

AIDS Services for the Monadnock Region will bring 10 12-foot-square panels of
the quilt to the city.

Making of the quilt began in San Francisco in 1987 to serve as a memorial to
those who had died of AIDS.

When first displayed on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. later that year,
it was larger than a football field and drew half a million visitors. By 1996 it
had grown to cover the entire National Mall.

If assembled today as one quilt, it would weigh 56 tons and measure 56 miles if
all panels were laid end-to-end.

N.H.governor will veto video slots bills

CONCORD, N.H. (AP) -- Hoping to squelch efforts to expand gambling, Gov. John
Lynch is promising to veto bills that would legalize video slots in New
Hampshire.

Lynch told Republican legislative leaders Monday that the state does not have an
adequate regulatory structure in place. He also reiterated past concerns about
New Hampshire's qualify of life being affected and of the potential for
proliferation.

The House appears ready to abandon its longstanding opposition to casinos. A
committee is recommending legalizing two casinos equipped with video slots and
using some of the state's profits to reduce business taxes.

A Senate committee last week indicated it wants to keep its options open on
legalizing four casinos with a maximum of 10,000 video slot machines. The Senate
bill does not earmark profits to cut taxes.

Warren unveils 1st ad for senate campaign

BOSTON (AP) -- Massachusetts U.S. Senate candidate Elizabeth Warren is launching
her first television ad of the campaign.

The 60-second ad describes how she got married when she was 19, had two kids and
worked her way through college before attending law school.

The ad, set to begin airing Tuesday, describes Warren's efforts to create the
federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.

In the ad, Warren also says she's worked to expose how Wall Street and big banks
are crushing middle class families.

Last week a political action committee associated with former President George
W. Bush's longtime political director Karl Rove began running a 30-second
television ad targeting Warren by linking her to Occupy Wall Street protesters.

Warren's campaign said it's already raised $300,000 to counter the $600,000
estimated to be spent by the Rove-affiliated group on the anti-Warren ad.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sligo Champion

                               December 16, 2014
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Sligo farmers received (EURO)32,292,718.14 in 2014

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 81

LENGTH: 221 words


FINE Gael Sligo-Leitrim TD, Tony McLoughlin TD, has said that beef and sheep
farmers in Co.Sligo are to receive payments this week, bringing the total amount
of funding received by Sligo farmers this year to (EURO)32,292,718.14.

"Beef and sheep farmers in Sligo are to receive payments this week under the
Beef Genomics Scheme and the Grassland Sheep Scheme. Minister for Agriculture,
Simon Coveney, has announced (EURO)704,160. for Sligo beef farmers and
(EURO)521,347.49 for Sligo sheep farmers.

"This funding will no doubt be welcome in what has been a difficult year for
beef farmers in particular.

"The payments going out this week bring to (EURO)32,292,718.14 the total amount
of funding going to County Sligo farmers this year. This includes Single Farm
Payments, the Agri-Environment Options Scheme I and II (AEOS), the Rural
Environment Protection Scheme (REPS) and the Disadvantaged Area Scheme (DAS).

"Agriculture is the lifeblood of the Co. Sligo economy and this Government is
committed to supporting our farmers. We will continue to provide these crucial
supports for farmers and incentivise increased productivity.

"2015 is set to be a really promising year for farmers with the abolition of
milk quotas in April and the opening up of new markets for Irish beef including
the United States. There is also great potential

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SGC


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Arizona Range News (Wilcox, Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 4, 2013

USDA Value-Added Producer grants for Arizona producers

BYLINE: Arizona Range News staff

LENGTH: 665  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the availability of nearly $10.5
million in U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) grants to help agricultural
producers enter into value-added activities designed to give them a competitive
business edge.

"U.S. agriculture is responsible for millions of American jobs - both directly
and indirectly, "Vilsack said. "Supporting farmers and related businesses
strengthens rural economies and helps fuel innovation and product development.
It's also an important part of USDA programs that link farmers to their
communities, and it underscores the many benefits of local and regional food
systems."

The funding is being made available through the Value-Added Producer Grant
program. Grants are available to help agricultural producers create new
products, expand marketing opportunities, support further processing of existing
products or goods, or to develop specialty and niche products. They may be used
for working capital and planning activities. The maximum working capital grant
is $200,000; the maximum planning grant is $75,000.

Eligible applicants include independent producers, farmer and rancher
cooperatives, and agricultural producer groups. Funding priority is given to
socially disadvantaged and beginning farmers or ranchers, and to small- to
medium-size family farms, or farmer/rancher cooperatives.

The Value-Added Producer Grant program is one of many USDA programs that support
the development of strong local and regional food systems as part of the Know
Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative. Launched in 2009, the initiative
strengthens ties between agricultural producers and their local communities,
helping meet growing consumer demand and creating opportunities for small
business development. Initiatives like this create new income opportunities for
farmers, generate wealth that will stay in rural communities, and increase
access to healthy, local foods in underserved communities. All of these actions
boost local economies.

Today's announcement comes as more than 1,400 communities nationwide gear up to
support Small Business Saturday, a day dedicated to championing small businesses
on one of the busiest shopping weekends of the year. This year's Small Business
Saturday is Nov. 30.

Rural Development is encouraging applications from Tribal organizations as well
as applications that support regional food hubs. Applications supporting
value-added activities related to bio-based products are also encouraged.

Since 2009, the Obama Administration has provided agricultural producers with
almost $80 million in Value Added Producer Grant assistance that has supported
more than 600 innovative, value-added projects.

Additional examples of how VAPGs assist local and regional food producers are
available on the USDA Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Compass, which is
searchable by zip code and key word.

Grant applications are due by Feb. 24, 2014. More information about how to apply
is available on page 70260 of the November 25 http://www.gpo.
gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2013-11-25/pdf/2013-28175.pdf Federal Register, or by
contacting any USDA Rural Development state office.

Secretary Vilsack said that today's announcement is another reminder of the
importance of USDA programs such as the Value-Added Producer Grant program for
rural America. A comprehensive new Food, Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand
the rural economy, Vilsack added, saying that's just one reason why Congress
must get a comprehensive Bill done as soon as possible.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AZR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Arizona Range News


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                 July 31, 2012

                             Agri-Source Fuels, LLC

                                    FL 33523
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Agri-Source Fuels Receives Grant For Biofuel Plant In Florida, U.S.

   Date: 1/20/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Agri-Source Fuels, LLC, a company engaged in the production of biodiesel
fuel, received grant of $5 million for the construction of biofuel plant in
Florida, United States. The grant was provided by United States Department of
Agriculture, through its Bio-energy Program for Advanced Biofuels.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."


Agri-Source Fuels Receives $4 Million Grant For Biodiesel Plant, U.S.

   Date: 1/22/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Agri-Source Fuels, LLC, a company engaged in the production of biodiesel
fuel, received grant of $5 million for the construction of biofuel plant in
Florida, United States. The grant was provided by United States Department of
Agriculture, through its Bio-energy Program for Advanced Biofuels.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *

Investments


 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2012


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Preston Citizen (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 9, 2012

PHS receives greenhouse grant;
Companies pitch in money to help expand horticulture program

BYLINE: Preston Citizen staff

LENGTH: 450  words


The Preston High School Agriculture Department received word it has received a
grant from Monsanto Corporation to help with the expenses of building an
additional greenhouse near the Bill Craner Agriculture Building.

"We don't know exactly how much the grant will be and probably won't until June
or July. But we will get at least $5,000. We got another $750 grant from NUCOR.
The funding will help defray the expenses of building a new greenhouse, which
will cost about $11,000. We have talked about this possibility for some time
now.

"The new greenhouse will be 28 X 56 feet. The existing one is 18 X 30 feet.
Foundation work will start sometime this summer," said Josh Evans, horticultural
instructor in the ag department. "We are pleased with the funding."

A greenhouse, adjacent to the Craner building on the high school campus, was
constructed in the fall of 2009. Several students have been busy this spring
planting a variety of flowers and vegetables.

Several weeks ago students took seed-starting mix and placed the soil in trays
in the vo-ag shop, where they had room to spread out to do their work. A variety
of plants were selected by the group and planted. The trays were then moved into
the greenhouse for the seeds to germinate.

Evans spearheaded the project and said students have planted several different
warm weather annuals and a few perennials. He said the students are currently
selling plants to the general public.

"We have tomatoes and peppers. We also have several really nice hanging baskets
that are in full bloom. There are zinnias, petunias, moss rose, marigold, and
ally-sum as well."

Contact Evans at the Craner Ag Building Monday through Thursday from 7:30 a.m.
to 4 p.m. to purchase plants.

Evans said interest in the greenhouse and associated classes has exceeded his
expectations since the program started over three years ago. "We now have about
50 students. When we get the new facility up and running this coming fall we
will be able to accommodate 75 students."

"A greenhouse fits in well with the overall ag department. It's allowed us to
expand our curriculum. I've found young ladies really enjoy the class," he said.

Funds for the original greenhouse came from a grant awarded to the ag program
from Monsanto way back in 2002, according to ag instructor Larin Crossley. He
said he and other district officials were in the middle of planning for the new
ag-science building at that time. Monies were held by the Preston Education
Foundation until the building was completed and existing programs were up and
running.

"One of the biggest limiting factors to our 'plant' curriculum has been the size
of the existing greenhouse," he said. "Now that won't be a problem."

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PRZ

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 The Preston Citizen


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                             June 14, 2011 Tuesday

U.S. Dishes Out $100 Million for Agro Support

LENGTH: 586  words


THE United States of America will provide US$100 million over the next five
years in funding to agriculture and nutrition programmes in Zambia to support
the Government's continued efforts to reduce rural poverty and enhance economic
growth.

US Ambassador to Zambia Mark Storella said the investment would support Zambia's
Sixth National Development Plan priorities for the agriculture sector to fight
poverty and improve food security.

Mr Storella said this at Mount Makulu Central Research Station in Lusaka
yesterday when he and Livestock and Fisheries Minister Bradford Machila launched
two agricultural programmes aimed at reducing rural poverty and bringing
benefits of economic growth to all Zambians.

The two projects, which fall under Feed the Future Initiative, are food security
research project (FSRP) and agricultural research and development programme
aimed at addressing the root causes of poverty and hunger.

Mr Storella said the two projects launched yesterday represented a $33.5 million
investment of the American government in long-term agriculture-driven economic
development.

"The Feed the Future partnership in Zambia will support nearly 200,000 Zambian
households to rise above the poverty line.

"Over the next five years, Feed the Future investments will assist efforts to
decrease the percentage of malnourished children under the age of five by one
third," he said.

Mr Storella said the projects would enhance production, marketing and
consumption of nutritious crops, including orange-fleshed sweet potatoes and
pro-vitamin A rich orange maize.

He said FSRP would improve evidence-based decision making by supporting
development of crop forecasts, living conditions monitoring survey, and data
resources.

FSRP was launched in 1999 as a collaborative research capacity building and
policy outreach project with direct funding from the American government.

In 2009, Sweden also started funding the project through Swedish International
Development Agency.

Mr Storella said Zambia Agricultural Research and Development Programme would
promote adoption of improved crop varieties and management of staple crops for
higher yields and environmental sustainability.

"The importance of our shared goals cannot be overstated. Zambia has made
tremendous economic gains but even as the country approaches middle-income
status, four in five rural children remain poor.

"The Feed the Future initiative marks a new era in partnership between the
American and the Zambian people in fighting poverty and improving food
security," he said.

And Mr Machila said achieving food security was a key challenge for Zambia, and
that the Government had placed emphasis on supporting agricultural growth to
reduce poverty and hunger.

He said the move would also enable the country to achieve its long-term goal of
becoming a prosperous middle-income nation by 2030, considering the success
scored towards national food security as seen from the maize bumper harvest of
2009/2010 and 2010/2011.

Mr Machila said new technologies like drought maize or crops with enhanced
nutritional content had the potential to improve the lives of thousands of
Zambian families in rural areas.

Feed the Future deputy coordinator Julie Howard said Zambia was one of the 20
feed the future focus countries selected worldwide in recognition of its
enormous agricultural potential and its significant food security challenges.

Swedish Embassy head of bilateral cooperation, counsellor Per Lundell called for
improved policy dialogue on agricultural marketing.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                     October 6, 2002 Sunday, FINAL Edition

Briefcase

SECTION: BUSINESS; Briefcase; Pg. 2F

LENGTH: 472 words


New owner of bankrupt rail line expands holdings

The Montreal, Maine & Atlantic Railway has concluded an agreement to acquire
Canadian Pacific Railway lines between the United States-Canadian border at
Richford, Vt., through Brookport, Quebec, to St. Jean, Quebec. It also will
acquire the north-south line from St. Rosalie through Farnham to Stanbridge in
Quebec, which was previously leased to Quebec Southern Railway.

In July, the rail line signed an agreement with the bankruptcy trustees of the
Bangor & Aroostook system and Quebec Southern to purchase substantially all of
their rail assets. These lines connect with Canadian Pacific Railway tracks at
Richford and at Brookport.

The deal puts all those tracks under the same ownership since Canadian Pacific
Railway and Rail World Inc., a Chicago-based railway investment and management
company, is the parent corporation of MMA. The deal is subject to confirmation
by the federal bankruptcy court in Portland overseeing the Bangor & Aroostook
case on Tuesday.
USDA awards grants to Lakeville, Pleasant Point

U.S. Sens Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins announced that the Town of Lakeville
will receive $43,450 and the Pleasant Point Passamaquoddy Reservation receive
$100,000 in grant funding from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA)
Office of Rural Development.

Rural Development funds will be used by the Town of Lakeville to build a garage
that will house the town's road maintenance and recycling apparatus. Pleasant
Point Passamaquoddy Reservation will utilize its grant to renovate and install a
sprinkler system for a multi-purpose building on the reservation. The Pleasant
Point project will be supplemented by $28,000 in local funds.
$1 million to fund study of corridors to Acadia

The U.S. Department of Transportation will release nearly $1 million in funding
to the Maine Department of Transportation for ongoing planning for improvements
to the Bangor to Bar Harbor highway corridor, according to U.S. Sens. Olympia
Snowe and Susan Collins

The Federal Transit Administration will provide $990,644 for the project, which
will fund a study to determine options available to relieve heavy congestion
stemming from the popularity of Acadia National Park and Down East. Snowe and
Collins secured the funding in the legislation for fiscal year 2002, and
maintained the funding even though companion House legislation contained no
similar funding.

The Maine Department of Transportation will use the funding to study transit
options for the Bangor to Bar Harbor corridor, including potential rail links
for the corridor.

The senators have previously secured $490,536 in funding for an environmental
analysis of the corridor required by law, bringing total funding so far for this
initiative to $1.4 million.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 The Foothills Sun-Gazette (Exeter, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 11, 2015

USDA grants a lot of green to fight citrus greening;
Department of Ag funds $30 million in promising tools, research, long term
solutions for deadly disease

BYLINE: The Foothills Sun-Gazette staff

LENGTH: 742  words


U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $30 million in funding for 22
projects, including two in California, to help citrus producers combat a
devastating citrus disease last week.

On Feb. 9, Vilsack announced the funding to help turn the tide in the spread of
Huanglong-bing (HLB), also known as citrus greening, the most pressing threat to
U.S. citrus production. The money will fund promising projects that could offer
near-term solutions as well as research funding that may develop long-terms
solutions. The promising near-term tools and solutions are funded through the
HLB Multiagency Coordination Group while the research projects are funded
through the Specialty Crop Research Initiative Citrus Disease Research and
Education (CDRE) program, which is made available through the Agricultural Act
of 2014 (Farm Bill).

"Our HLB Multi-Agency Coordination Group has worked closely with the citrus
industry to select and fund projects that we think will make a real difference
for growers against HLB," said Vilsack. "Funding these projects through
cooperative agreements puts us one step closer to putting real tools to fight
this disease into the hands of citrus growers." Vilsack continued, "Through the
CDRE research we are announcing today, we are also investing in long-term
solutions to diseases that threaten the long-term survival of the citrus
industry."

The largest chunk of the money, $23 million, was funded through the USDA's
National Institute of Food and Agriculture for research and education projects
to find lasting solutions to citrus greening disease. Examples of funded
projects include developing HLB-resistant citrus cultivars, the development of
field detection system for HLB, using heat as a treatment for prolonging
productivity in infected citrus trees, creating a new antimicrobial treatment,
among others. Among The recipients were University of California-Davis and the
University of California-Riverside. UC Davis received $4.5 million to develop
new approaches to fighting HLB on a cellular level and new, informative outreach
and extension information. UC Riverside was granted $1.6 million to study
sustainable citrus cultivation in areas where HLB is not fully established and
develop easy-to-operate devices to capture psyllids as well as technologies for
wide-scale testing for growers and nurseries.

CDRE is a supplement to the Specialty Crop Research Initiative (SCRI). The focus
of this year's funding was specifically on citrus greening disease. Because
there are wide differences in the occurrence and progression of HLB among the
states, there were regional as well as national priorities for CDRE. In addition
to these projects, USDA's HLB Multi-Agency Coordination Group funded fifteen
projects that support thermotherapy, best management practices, early detection,
and pest control efforts for a total of more than $7 million. All of them are
designed to provide near-term tools and solutions to help the citrus industry
fight HLB. The projects include: -Two projects to provide improved delivery of
thermotherapy to HLB infected trees, a promising treatment that has shown to
help infected trees regain productivity after treatment. One of these projects
will test thermotherapy on a grove-wide scale.

-Six projects to provide citrus producers with best management practices in
Florida citrus groves, including one to lower the pH of irrigation water so
roots can better tolerate HLB infection, three that will support different
combinations of integrated management approaches for sustaining production in
trees in different stages of infection and two that will test strategies for
preventing tree death due to HLB infection. One of those will field test
root-stocks that have shown ability to tolerate HLB infection. The other will
use technologies to rapidly propagate the tolerant material for field use by the
industry-Three projects to increase early detection of HLB, including training
dogs to detect HLB infected trees, developing a root sampling and testing
strategy and a study comparing the effectiveness of different early detection
methods.

Four projects to provide tools to kill ACP, the vector of HLB, including a
biocontrol fungus, a specialized trap, increasing the use of field cages to
release the insect Tamarixia radiate in residential areas in Texas and the
release of a second biocontrol insect known as Diaphorencyrtus aligarhensis
(both tiny parasicitc wasps) in California.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FSG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2015 The Foothills Sun-Gazette


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 28, 2014

Native American housing entities receive funding

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 259  words


Senator John Hoeven today announced that the Coalition of Indian Housing
Authorities of North Dakota (CI-HAND) has been awarded a federal grant totaling
$177,614. The federal funding, which is awarded through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program (RBEG), will be
used to establish a revolving loan fund to provide technical assistance to small
and emerging businesses that benefit Native Americans living on or near
reservations.

"This federal grant will help to create jobs in our rural communities and help
small businesses that provide opportunities for Native Americans in our state,"
said Hoeven. "Developing opportunities in our rural areas is important to
maintaining the high quality of life we value in North Dakota and keeping our
economy growing."

The RBEG program provides grants for a broad array of projects that support
economic development in rural communities, such as financing and facilitating
development of rural businesses, helping fund distance learning networks and
helping fund employment related adult education programs.

As a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee and a conferee on the 2014 farm
bill conference committee, Senator Hoeven helped to negotiate the final version
of the farm bill, which reauthorized funding for the RBEG program. Hoeven also
serves as a member of the U.S. Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture
, where he is working to secure funds that empower North Dakota communities to
improve educational and economic opportunity for their residents.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Turtle Mountain Star


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Washington: With the End of the School Year Approaching, Stabenow Announces
Nearly $7 Million in Funding To Help More Than 83,000 Michigan Children Receive
Healthy Meals During Summer Months

LENGTH: 530 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow has issued the following news
release:



 Today, United States Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, joined local partners and
school children participating in the Flint Police Activities League to announce
$6.9 million in federal funding to help 83, 701 Michigan children receive
healthy meals this summer. Thanks to this funding, nearly 16,000 Flint school
children and 43,000 Detroit school children will now be eligible for expanded
access to healthy meals during the upcoming summer months.  Stabenow, who made
the announcement at the Haskell Youth Center in Flint, was joined by United
States Department of Agriculture's Under Secretary for Food and Nutrition
Services Kevin Concannon.





 "This investment comes at a critical time for thousands of children in
Michigan," Stabenow said. "Children often go hungry in the summer when they no
longer have access to nutritious meals at school. We need to ensure that no
child goes hungry because school is out. That's why I made expanding summer
meals a priority in my bipartisan child nutrition bill and will work to get that
bill passed through the Senate as soon as possible.



 "This announcement is also important for many children affected by the public
health crisis in Flint," Stabenow continued. "We know that good nutrition is
critical to helping combat the effect of lead exposure. That's why I urged
Secretary Vilsack to make this important nutrition investment and I thank him
and President Obama for making the children and families in Flint a top
priority."



 Today's announcement is great news for the more than 83,000 Michigan students
who will now be eligible to participate in the Summer Electronic Benefit
Transfer (EBT) for Children program in 2016. Children who participate must be
eligible for free and reduced priced meals during the school year and will
receive either $30 or $60 per month to spend on specific food items -  approved
through the WIC program- that helps ensure children continue eating healthy
meals while school is out.



 Since 2013, Michigan has served as one of six states piloting the Summer EBT
program.  Building on Michigan's success with the summer meal program, Stabenow
has lead the efforts to expand the program nationally in her bipartisan child
nutrition reauthorization bill which passed the Senate Agriculture Committee
unanimously in January. That bill is currently waiting for a full Senate vote.



 Stabenow has worked to bring much needed federal nutrition programs and
nutrition education to aid in Flint's recovery. In February, following calls by
Stabenow to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, the United States Department of
Agriculture announced that it was taking additional steps to help low-income
families in Flint.  Stabenow has also lead the charge on making sure that
ready-to-feed formula is available to mothers in Flint using the WIC program.
Ready-to-feed is critical so families do not have to mix infant formula with
water.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Washington: With the End of the School Year Approaching, Stabenow Announces
Nearly $7 Million in Funding To Help More Than 83,000 Michigan Children Receive
Healthy Meals During Summer Months

LENGTH: 530 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow has issued the following news
release:



 Today, United States Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, joined local partners and
school children participating in the Flint Police Activities League to announce
$6.9 million in federal funding to help 83, 701 Michigan children receive
healthy meals this summer. Thanks to this funding, nearly 16,000 Flint school
children and 43,000 Detroit school children will now be eligible for expanded
access to healthy meals during the upcoming summer months.  Stabenow, who made
the announcement at the Haskell Youth Center in Flint, was joined by United
States Department of Agriculture's Under Secretary for Food and Nutrition
Services Kevin Concannon.





 "This investment comes at a critical time for thousands of children in
Michigan," Stabenow said. "Children often go hungry in the summer when they no
longer have access to nutritious meals at school. We need to ensure that no
child goes hungry because school is out. That's why I made expanding summer
meals a priority in my bipartisan child nutrition bill and will work to get that
bill passed through the Senate as soon as possible.



 "This announcement is also important for many children affected by the public
health crisis in Flint," Stabenow continued. "We know that good nutrition is
critical to helping combat the effect of lead exposure. That's why I urged
Secretary Vilsack to make this important nutrition investment and I thank him
and President Obama for making the children and families in Flint a top
priority."



 Today's announcement is great news for the more than 83,000 Michigan students
who will now be eligible to participate in the Summer Electronic Benefit
Transfer (EBT) for Children program in 2016. Children who participate must be
eligible for free and reduced priced meals during the school year and will
receive either $30 or $60 per month to spend on specific food items -  approved
through the WIC program- that helps ensure children continue eating healthy
meals while school is out.



 Since 2013, Michigan has served as one of six states piloting the Summer EBT
program.  Building on Michigan's success with the summer meal program, Stabenow
has lead the efforts to expand the program nationally in her bipartisan child
nutrition reauthorization bill which passed the Senate Agriculture Committee
unanimously in January. That bill is currently waiting for a full Senate vote.



 Stabenow has worked to bring much needed federal nutrition programs and
nutrition education to aid in Flint's recovery. In February, following calls by
Stabenow to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, the United States Department of
Agriculture announced that it was taking additional steps to help low-income
families in Flint.  Stabenow has also lead the charge on making sure that
ready-to-feed formula is available to mothers in Flint using the WIC program.
Ready-to-feed is critical so families do not have to mix infant formula with
water.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Funding could curb hunger in Luna County

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 501 words


DEMING &GT;&GT; Luna County is one of eight counties across the nation selected
to begin a new grant-funded program intended to link family farmers with members
of the community who lack healthy access to food.

Every county in the nation was invited to apply for the Growing Food Connections
funding, and Luna County was among 27 other applications accepted to argue for
the award at a national selection conference. The highly competitive process was
capped by Luna County Manager Charles "Tink" Jackson's passion to bring the
program and funding locally. Jackson's argument for the program, coupled with
research and fact-finding by county staff, secured Luna County's place in the
nationwide effort.

"This county was built on the hard work of farmers, ranchers and the others
involved in the complex world of agriculture," Jackson said. "We plan to support
the hard work of today's ag community in Luna County while addressing the
serious issues around healthy food access."

Luna County's rich agricultural traditions, coupled with the county's vision to
increase access to healthy foods for area residents, create an ideal environment
to strengthen the local food systems. This new program will join the county's
existing multi-pronged approach, through Luna County Healthy Kids Healthy
Communities, to combating food insecurity and creating healthy food access.

"We have found that our local leaders want tools and resources, not handouts,"
said Julia Freedgood, assistant vice president for programs with American
Farmland Trust. "And, that's what GFC will do   help local governments develop a
vision and a game plan to benefit farmers and ranchers and community residents
who are underserved by our current food system."

American Farmland Trust is a national organization dedicated to promoting sound
farming practices and keeping farmers on the land. The group is one of the
partners under the program funded by the United States Department of Agriculture
. The partnerships will bring national expertise in food policy and planning to
Luna County to assist with the creation of locally created and controlled plans
and policies to support family farmers and enhance food security.

At the county level, the process will be facilitated by a committee of local
residents currently being created. If you are interested in serving on the
committee, contact Jessica Etcheverry at (575) 546-0494.

"I'm excited to begin working with members of our community to address the
issues they see and the problems we can alleviate together with good planning
and teamwork," said Etcheverry, Luna County's Community Projects director.
"Don't be shy; please contact me so we can begin collaborating toward these
important goals."

Luna County is one of two counties in New Mexico awarded the program. The other
is neighboring Dona Ana County. With the exception of the New Mexico counties
and a county in Kansas, all of the other sites are in the Southern United States
or East Coast.

Bill Armendariz contribvuted to this article.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy Photo Charles "Tink" Jackson, Luna County Manager, stands in a
Luna County farm field to emphasize the partnership between local agriculture
and the community to address food insecurities on a local scale.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Robesonian (Lumberton North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 7, 2011 Tuesday

County establishes nonprofitto find funding for businesses

BYLINE: Bob Shiles, The Robesonian, Lumberton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 593 words


June 07--LUMBERTON -- The Robeson County Board of Commissioners on Monday
established an organization Monday night that is intended to help with economic
development.

Millicent Collins, the county's grant administrator, said obtaining the
nonprofit status for the Robeson County Business Development Foundation could
tax six months. She said the nonprofit will help small businesses get started or
expand by working with them to obtain funding. The members foundation's board
will be made up of county commissioners.

"This will increase economic and community development," Collins said. "This
will be a whirlwind when it gets started. With the county's high unemployment
rate, people need jobs and sustainability."

According to Collins, the county will apply for funding from the United States
Department of Agriculture and other agencies, and use this money to provide
grants or loans to eligible small businesses. The no-interest grants/loans will
be a minimum of $10,000, with maximum totals varying. How many projects will be
awarded for funding will depend on the amount of money the county can get to
serve as seed money, Collins said.

Collins said examples of businesses that could qualify for the grants would be
restaurants, catering businesses, day cares and mom-and-pop businesses.

Collins said that once the application for the foundation is approved, the board
will set guidelines on eligibility requirements for the grants and loans, and
will decide what kind of projects will be considered for funding.

In other business, the commissioners:

-- Approved a subscription and licensing agreement between Geographic
Technologies Group and the Robeson County Sheriff's Office. The agreement
provides GIS mapping of crimes committed in the county. The service will provide
crime-related information that will be available free to the public.

-- Heard a report from Margaret Kelly, the aging program administrator for the
Lumber River Council of Governments, concerning LRCG's county funding for the
coming year. Kelly said that the state's proposed budget is funding her agency
with the same amount of money as the current fiscal year. As a result, LRCG's
aging programs for the county will be funded at the same rate, Kelly said.

-- Heard a brief update from Adlia Strickland of the N.C. Forestry Service
concerning his agency's activities in Robeson County during the past year. The
commissioners then voted to send a letter to state officials requesting that
funding be provided for the forestry agency to build a new shelter and office in
Robeson County.

-- Approved Sandalwood Development's request to rezone a 37.96-tract and a
2.6-acre tract in Parkton from Residential Agriculture to residential Single
Family. The zoning change allows for 15,000-square-foot lots with county water.

-- Heard a brief presentation from Kara Denise Jones, the new executive director
of American Indian Mothers, concerning her organization's activities and need
for funding. Jones said her organization provides community service outreach in
the areas of agriculture, housing, education and nutrition.

-- Passed a resolution honoring Mattie McRae Ishmael on her 100th birthday

Staff writer Bob Shiles can be reached at (910) 272-6117 or
bshiles@heartlandpublications.com

To see more of The Robesonian, go to http://www.robesonian.com/. Copyright (c)
2011, The Robesonian, Lumberton, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110607-QK-County-establishes-nonprofitto-find-funding
-for-businesses-0607-20110607

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QK


                         Copyright 2011 The Robesonian


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Carroll County Times (Westminster, Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 7, 2016 Saturday

Organic farmers encouraged to apply for cost share program

BYLINE: Michel Elben, Carroll County Times, Westminster, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 272 words


May 07--Maryland farmers and processors with organic certifications are now
eligible for cost share reimbursement from the United States Department of
Agriculture's Organic Certification Cost Share Program.

The program is funded by the 2014 Farm Bill and can assist Maryland farmers in
paying for organic certification or recertification.

"This is a great opportunity for all Maryland farmers interested in organic
certification," Maryland Secretary of Agriculture Joe Bartenfelder said in a
prepared statement. "With strong demand for organic products, this program will
provide a boost to our rural economies and provide all Marylanders with more
access to fresh, local products."

According to a Maryland Department of Agriculture news release, farms and
businesses that produce, process or package certified organic agricultural
products are eligible to be reimbursed for up to 75 percent of their costs -- up
to $750 per scope (crop, livestock, handler) -- for certification between Oct.
1, 2015, and Sept. 30, 2016.

Reimbursements will be awarded on a first-come, first-served basis until funding
is exhausted. The application for the cost share funding, as well as other
information about the program, is available at www.mda.maryland.gov.

Questions regarding cost share funds for organic certification may be directed
to Deanna Baldwin at deanna.baldwin@maryland.gov or 410-841-5769.

michel.elben@carrollcountytimes.com

410-857-7873

twitter.com/MichelElben

___ (c)2016 the Carroll County Times (Westminster, Md.) Visit the Carroll County
Times (Westminster, Md.) at www.carrollcountytimes.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160507-WX-Organic-farmers-encouraged-to-apply-for-cost-share-program-0507-2016
0507

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WX


                      Copyright 2016 Carroll County Times


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Times-Journal (Condon, Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 10, 2013

Federal shutdown closes local offices

BYLINE: The Times-Journal staff

LENGTH: 217  words


On October 1, the offices of the United States Department of Agriculture were
ordered closed due to a lack of a funding package from the U.S. Congress. The
Gilliam Soil and Water Conservation District rents office space from Natural
Resource Conservation Service, and as such, according to Gilliam SWCD Manager
Wally Powell, is impacted by this closure.

"It appears that until a funding package is passed, the offices will remain
closed," said Powell on Monday.

Powell indicated that the SWCD is currently looking for temporary space and will
provide notification to area landowner/clients should space be attained.

Until such time, according to Powell, Sandy McKay, Roger Lathrop, Cheryl Baker,
and Powell will work from their homes conducting business as usual.

"We see no slowdown in services provided to the landowner," Powell said.

Gilliam SWCD employee cell numbers and emails include:

Walter Powell, 509-520-6002, gillswcdmanager@gmail.com;

Cheryl Baker, 541-701-7875, condonswcd@gmail.com;

Roger Lathrop, 541-701-7843, Roger.lathrop@oacd.org; and

Sandy McKay, 541-910-0038, gilliamwc@gmail.com

Powell encourages landowners to call or e-mail Gilliam SWCD employees should the
services of the District or Watershed Council be needed.

"Our thanks for your patience as we move through this process," said Powell.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJC

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 The Times-Journal


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Aberdeen Times (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 8, 2014

Agriculture Secretary Vilsack announced new support for Americas specialty crop
producers

BYLINE: The Aberdeen Times staff

LENGTH: 127  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack hosted a media conference call on Thursday,
Oct. 2 to announce new funding to help grow Florida's, and the nation's,
specialty crop industries. Specialty crops include fruits and vegetables, as
well as nuts and nursery products. The funding is being provided through the
2014 Farm Bill's marquee specialty crop programs, which substantially increased
specialty crop support for fruit and vegetable growers.

The 2014 Farm Bill provided historic support to strengthen rural communities by
supporting local and regional markets and improving access to fresh, healthy,
and nutritious high quality products for millions of Americans. It is one of
relatively few bipartisan pieces of legislation passed during this session of
Congress.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ABD

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 The Aberdeen Times


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       May 4, 1999, Tuesday, Home Edition

Editorials;
 Sometimes, a gift is just a gift

BYLINE: Staff

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 343 words

Last December, a federal jury told independent counsel Donald Smaltz that he had
overreached in his prosecution of former Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy. The
jury acquitted Espy of all 30 corruption counts filed by Smaltz in connection
with the acceptance of gifts from businesses regulated by the Department of
Agriculture. Jurors rejected Smaltz's contention that Espy committed a crime
even if he was never asked to do favors for the gift- givers and neither
promised nor took action to benefit them.

The U.S. Supreme Court gave Smaltz a similar message last week. It rejected his
argument that an almond growers' group could be convicted of illegally giving
Espy gifts even if there was no evidence that the gifts influenced Espy to take
official action or that they were intended to influence Espy. The court
appropriately decided that the law governing the acceptance of gratuities by
public officials should be used as "a scalpel" to cut away corruption rather
than as "a meat ax" that allows prosecutors to chop away at anything that might
remotely smell rotten.

As Justice Antonin Scalia pointed out, Smaltz's overly broad reading of the law
would have made it illegal for the college football national champions to give
the president a souvenir jersey because the administration might have a say in
whether the school receives federal research grants.

The high court's ruling should put the brakes on overzealous prosecutors such as
Smaltz. But it need not and should not be interpreted as a green light for
lowering the ethical standards public officials are expected to meet.

Ethics regulations against accepting gratuities that create the appearance of
influence peddling remain in force. They simply call for administrative
punishment rather than criminal sanctions. And when there is evidence of quid
pro quo gift-giving, vigorous prosecution remains possible and appropriate.

The Supreme Court has said a gift is not necessarily a bribe, and that a
prosecutor ought to use discretion and sound judgment to tell the difference.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 25, 2014

Organizations encouraged to support farmers, ranchers to apply for grant funding

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 407  words


This week, U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich announced that grant
funding is available for New Mexico organizations conducting programs to support
the next generation of farmers and ranchers. Through the Beginning Farmer and
Rancher Development Program (BFRDP), which Udall and Heinrich championed in the
2014 Farm Bill, more than $19 million was reauthorized to assist
non-governmental, community-based and school-based organizations that conduct
programs to help educate and train beginning farmers and ranchers. Grant
applications are due June 12. In recent years, New Mexico has had one of the
highest percentages of principal farm operators over age 65 in the country,
highlighting the need to support the upcoming generation of farmers."The
continued strength of our agriculture industry is vitally important to the
economy munity and school-based orga of many rural New Mexico communities,"
Udall said.

"This program provides valuable funding for education and training initiatiyes
to help the next generation of farmers and ranchers establish themselves, and
start their ranching and farming operations on a sturdy foundation that will
prepare them for future growth and economic well-being. I encourage qualifying
New Mexico organizations to apply for these grants.Ensuring the next generation
of farmers and ranchers have access to training and education opportunities is
important to continuing New Mexico's long tradition in agriculture," Heinrich
said. "These investments will help strengthen our state's economy, cultivate
business partnerships, and promote innovative techniques that adapt to our
changing climate. I encourage our agricultural comnizations to seize this
opportunity and apply for these grants."

The National Institute of Food and Agriculture within the U.S. Department of
Agriculture will award grants on a competitive basis to organizations
coordinating programs to educate and train those aiming to start farming, and
those who have been farming or ranching for 10 years or fewer. All applicants
are required to provide funds or in-kind support from non-federal sources equal
to at least 25 percent of the federal funds requested. Five percent of the
available funding will be allocated to programs and services for
limited-resource and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers, while an
additional 5 percent will be allocated for programming and services for military
veteran farmers and ranchers.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Hidalgo County Herald


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: USDA Commits $56 Million for Local and Community Food Projects,
Organic Research

LENGTH: 859  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the New York Times Food for Tomorrow Conference, Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack today announced more than $56 million in grants to strengthen local and
regional food systems, support farmers markets, and fund organic research. Since
2009, USDA has invested over $1 billion in more than 40,000 local food
businesses and infrastructure projectsThis is an external link or third-party
site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website..





 "Since this Administration launched the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food
initiative in 2009 to coordinate USDA efforts to support local and regional food
systems, there has been a dramatic increase in consumer demand for buying
local," said Vilsack. "Over the years, we've seen how these new market
opportunities are helping to drive job growth in agriculture, increase
entrepreneurship in rural communities, and expand food access and choice. This
latest round of grants will expand the capacity of farmers and businesses to
serve this growing market, help revitalize local economies around the country,
and support efforts around the country to provide fresh, healthy food to all
Americans."



 The Food for Tomorrow conference brings together a range of leaders to discuss
important issues and trends affecting how we feed our nation and the world. At
the event, Vilsack made three significant funding announcements.



     $26 million in Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program grants for
more than 100 projects that will support rural economies, increase market
opportunities for farmers, and help close supply chain gaps in communities
across the country. These competitive grants are divided equally between the
Farmers Market Promotion Program (FMPP) and the Local Food Promotion Program
(LFPP) and are administered by USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service, which
works to improve market opportunities for U.S. growers and producers.

     $21.4 million for Organic Research and Extension Program grants for 26
projects to help organic farmers and ranchers improve business operations and
bring more organic food to the table of consumers. The grants are funded through
the Organic Agriculture Research and Extension Initiative (OREI) and the Organic
Transitions Program (ORG), two programs administered by USDA's National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA).

     $8.6 Million in Community Food Projects grants to 33 projects that help
make healthy, nutritious foods available to people from low-income
neighborhoods. The grants, offered through NIFA's Community Food Projects
Competitive Grant Program (CFP), support projects that foster self-sustaining
solutions to food security in at-risk communities. Recent analysis shows the
U.S. is making tremendous headway in battling hunger and food insecurity across
America, decreasing food insecurity through healthy diets and nutrition
education.



 In conjunction with the funding announcements, Vilsack announced $48.1 million
in available fiscal year 2017 funding through the Specialty Crop Research
Initiative (SCRI) to support systems-based research and extension activities
that accelerate science-based solutions and new technology for the specialty
crop industry. Specialty crops are defined as fruits and vegetables, tree nuts,
dried fruits, and horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture. The
Specialty Crop Research Initiative was authorized in the 2014 Farm Bill to
invest in long-term solutions that address problems in the overlapping systems
of production, distribution and processing, and consumers and markets.



 USDA is committed to helping organic agriculture grow and thrive. USDA strongly
supports the organic sector through a wide variety of programs, including
conservation grants, organic crop insurance, certification cost-share, organic
market news, and simplified microloans. To learn more about USDA support for
organic agriculture, visit the updated organic portal at www.usda.gov/organic.



 USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food (KYF2) Initiative coordinates the
Department's work to develop strong local and regional food systems. Over the
course of the Obama Administration, USDA has invested close to $1 billion in
40,000 local food-related projects on farms and in communities across the
country. Information on local and regional supply chain resources is available
on the newly-revamped KYF2 website and the KYF2 Compass can help users locate
USDA investments in their community. More information on how USDA investments
are connecting producers with consumers, expanding rural economic opportunities,
and increasing SNAP access at farmers markets is available in the New Markets,
New OpportunitiesThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. Medium chapter. Under
this Administration, USDA has also significantly expanded its efforts to improve
access to safe, healthy food for all Americans.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: USDA Commits $56 Million for Local and Community Food Projects,
Organic Research

LENGTH: 859  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the New York Times Food for Tomorrow Conference, Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack today announced more than $56 million in grants to strengthen local and
regional food systems, support farmers markets, and fund organic research. Since
2009, USDA has invested over $1 billion in more than 40,000 local food
businesses and infrastructure projectsThis is an external link or third-party
site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website..





 "Since this Administration launched the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food
initiative in 2009 to coordinate USDA efforts to support local and regional food
systems, there has been a dramatic increase in consumer demand for buying
local," said Vilsack. "Over the years, we've seen how these new market
opportunities are helping to drive job growth in agriculture, increase
entrepreneurship in rural communities, and expand food access and choice. This
latest round of grants will expand the capacity of farmers and businesses to
serve this growing market, help revitalize local economies around the country,
and support efforts around the country to provide fresh, healthy food to all
Americans."



 The Food for Tomorrow conference brings together a range of leaders to discuss
important issues and trends affecting how we feed our nation and the world. At
the event, Vilsack made three significant funding announcements.



     $26 million in Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program grants for
more than 100 projects that will support rural economies, increase market
opportunities for farmers, and help close supply chain gaps in communities
across the country. These competitive grants are divided equally between the
Farmers Market Promotion Program (FMPP) and the Local Food Promotion Program
(LFPP) and are administered by USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service, which
works to improve market opportunities for U.S. growers and producers.

     $21.4 million for Organic Research and Extension Program grants for 26
projects to help organic farmers and ranchers improve business operations and
bring more organic food to the table of consumers. The grants are funded through
the Organic Agriculture Research and Extension Initiative (OREI) and the Organic
Transitions Program (ORG), two programs administered by USDA's National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA).

     $8.6 Million in Community Food Projects grants to 33 projects that help
make healthy, nutritious foods available to people from low-income
neighborhoods. The grants, offered through NIFA's Community Food Projects
Competitive Grant Program (CFP), support projects that foster self-sustaining
solutions to food security in at-risk communities. Recent analysis shows the
U.S. is making tremendous headway in battling hunger and food insecurity across
America, decreasing food insecurity through healthy diets and nutrition
education.



 In conjunction with the funding announcements, Vilsack announced $48.1 million
in available fiscal year 2017 funding through the Specialty Crop Research
Initiative (SCRI) to support systems-based research and extension activities
that accelerate science-based solutions and new technology for the specialty
crop industry. Specialty crops are defined as fruits and vegetables, tree nuts,
dried fruits, and horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture. The
Specialty Crop Research Initiative was authorized in the 2014 Farm Bill to
invest in long-term solutions that address problems in the overlapping systems
of production, distribution and processing, and consumers and markets.



 USDA is committed to helping organic agriculture grow and thrive. USDA strongly
supports the organic sector through a wide variety of programs, including
conservation grants, organic crop insurance, certification cost-share, organic
market news, and simplified microloans. To learn more about USDA support for
organic agriculture, visit the updated organic portal at www.usda.gov/organic.



 USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food (KYF2) Initiative coordinates the
Department's work to develop strong local and regional food systems. Over the
course of the Obama Administration, USDA has invested close to $1 billion in
40,000 local food-related projects on farms and in communities across the
country. Information on local and regional supply chain resources is available
on the newly-revamped KYF2 website and the KYF2 Compass can help users locate
USDA investments in their community. More information on how USDA investments
are connecting producers with consumers, expanding rural economic opportunities,
and increasing SNAP access at farmers markets is available in the New Markets,
New OpportunitiesThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. Medium chapter. Under
this Administration, USDA has also significantly expanded its efforts to improve
access to safe, healthy food for all Americans.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 2, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Webinar to Assist Potential Applicants for Conservation Funding

LENGTH: 333  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Labor has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, June 2, 2015 - An upcoming webinar on the Regional Conservation
Partnership Program (RCPP) will help potential applicants as they seek available
funding. During the current round, the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) will invest up to $235 million to improve the nation's water quality,
combat drought, enhance soil health, support wildlife habitat and protect
agricultural production. Partners will match the Federal investment.

"This webinar is a great opportunity to directly engage with our partners," said
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "Our goal is to leverage available Federal
funding and produce more high-performing on-the-ground conservation solutions."

USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) will host the webinar, open
to both conservation partners and the general public, on Thursday, June 4, 2015
from 2 p.m. to 3:30 p.m. EST. To join the webinar, visit
https://usdanrcs.adobeconnect.com/r75qxphcya9/This is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.. Login to Adobe Connect using the Guest option and enter your name.

NRCS recently simplified the application process by creating new online tools: a
pre-proposal fillable form, RCPP pre-application data entry tool and
pre-proposal data entry tool instructions. These tools support partners as they
fill out and submit their pre-proposal application.

RCPP empowers local leaders to work with multiple partners -- such as private
companies, local and tribal governments, universities, non-profit groups and
other non-government partners -- along with farmers, ranchers, and forest
landowners to design solutions that work best for their region. Local partners
and the federal government both invest funding and manpower to projects to
maximize their impact.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 2, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Webinar to Assist Potential Applicants for Conservation Funding

LENGTH: 333  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Labor has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, June 2, 2015 - An upcoming webinar on the Regional Conservation
Partnership Program (RCPP) will help potential applicants as they seek available
funding. During the current round, the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) will invest up to $235 million to improve the nation's water quality,
combat drought, enhance soil health, support wildlife habitat and protect
agricultural production. Partners will match the Federal investment.

"This webinar is a great opportunity to directly engage with our partners," said
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "Our goal is to leverage available Federal
funding and produce more high-performing on-the-ground conservation solutions."

USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) will host the webinar, open
to both conservation partners and the general public, on Thursday, June 4, 2015
from 2 p.m. to 3:30 p.m. EST. To join the webinar, visit
https://usdanrcs.adobeconnect.com/r75qxphcya9/This is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.. Login to Adobe Connect using the Guest option and enter your name.

NRCS recently simplified the application process by creating new online tools: a
pre-proposal fillable form, RCPP pre-application data entry tool and
pre-proposal data entry tool instructions. These tools support partners as they
fill out and submit their pre-proposal application.

RCPP empowers local leaders to work with multiple partners -- such as private
companies, local and tribal governments, universities, non-profit groups and
other non-government partners -- along with farmers, ranchers, and forest
landowners to design solutions that work best for their region. Local partners
and the federal government both invest funding and manpower to projects to
maximize their impact.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    The North Weld Herald (Eaton, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 16, 2014

Grants available to support agriculture

BYLINE: The Northwood Anchor staff

LENGTH: 243  words


The Colorado Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for funding
through its new "Enrich Colorado Ag Grant Program." Grant funds will help
Colorado companies conduct research and develop new uses and markets for food
and agricultural products that are grown, raised or processed in Colorado.

"The program is ideal for Colorado's farmers, ranchers and food processors,
providing funds to assist with feasibility studies and sales promotions," said
Tom Lipetzky, Markets Division Director. "Our goal is to help Colorado's food
and agricultural suppliers position their business to take advantage of local,
regional, national and international market opportunities."

Projects eligible for funding include, but are not limited to, feasibility
studies and technical projects such as assessing the potential of establishing
an agricultural value-added business project; and marketing and sales promotion
projects such as first-time participation in trade shows, new product launches
and promotions supporting the development of new sales channels. The maximum
award per project is $17,000.

A matching contribution of cash and in-kind resources equal to at least 50
percent of the total project budget is required. Applications are due by 3:30
p.m. on February 28, 2014.

For more information including an application and program guidelines, contact
the Colorado Department of Agriculture Markets Division at (303) 239-4371 or
visit www.coloradoagriculture.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NWH

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 The North Weld Herald


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

Hoyer Announces Federal Funding for Chesapeake Bay

LENGTH: 287  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Steny Hoyer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Congressman Steny H. Hoyer (MD-5) today announced $12 million in federal funding
from the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) to improve water quality
in the Chesapeake Bay, including $5.5 million to accelerate the Chesapeake Bay
Watershed Implementation Plan. The funding is part of the new USDA Regional
Conservation Partnership Program (RCPP) to support wildlife habitat, improve the
nation's water quality, and enhance the environment.

"The future of the Chesapeake Bay plays a critical role in the health and
well-being of Marylanders," said Congressman Steny Hoyer. "Protecting the water
quality of the Chesapeake Bay is essential to preserving and restoring the
economic vitality of the Bay and this grant will help Maryland farmers
contribute to that restoration for generations to come. This funding will help
ongoing conservation efforts to keep our water clean, and promote economic
growth in agriculture, the tourism industry, recreation, and other industries."

The Chesapeake Bay Watershed is the largest estuary in North America. It covers
64,000 square miles and includes more than 150 rivers and streams that drain
into the Bay. The Chesapeake Bay Watershed was designated last year as one of
eight Critical Conservation Areas eligible for funding as part of the RCPP, an
initiative authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill. The conservation projects as a
result of the funding are designed by local partnerships to meet the natural
resource challenges specifically for their area.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 17, 2015 Saturday

Hoyer Announces Federal Funding for Chesapeake Bay

LENGTH: 287  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Steny Hoyer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Congressman Steny H. Hoyer (MD-5) today announced $12 million in federal funding
from the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) to improve water quality
in the Chesapeake Bay, including $5.5 million to accelerate the Chesapeake Bay
Watershed Implementation Plan. The funding is part of the new USDA Regional
Conservation Partnership Program (RCPP) to support wildlife habitat, improve the
nation's water quality, and enhance the environment.

"The future of the Chesapeake Bay plays a critical role in the health and
well-being of Marylanders," said Congressman Steny Hoyer. "Protecting the water
quality of the Chesapeake Bay is essential to preserving and restoring the
economic vitality of the Bay and this grant will help Maryland farmers
contribute to that restoration for generations to come. This funding will help
ongoing conservation efforts to keep our water clean, and promote economic
growth in agriculture, the tourism industry, recreation, and other industries."

The Chesapeake Bay Watershed is the largest estuary in North America. It covers
64,000 square miles and includes more than 150 rivers and streams that drain
into the Bay. The Chesapeake Bay Watershed was designated last year as one of
eight Critical Conservation Areas eligible for funding as part of the RCPP, an
initiative authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill. The conservation projects as a
result of the funding are designed by local partnerships to meet the natural
resource challenges specifically for their area.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

Nevada: Research Projects to Improve Plant Feedstocks for Bioenergy Production

LENGTH: 517  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the U.S. Department of Energy
(DOE) today announced the selection of 10 projects that are being awarded
funding aimed at accelerating genetic breeding programs to improve plant
feedstocks for the production of biofuels, biopower, and biobased products. The
investment is part of the Obama Administration's broader effort to diversify the
nation's energy portfolio and accelerate development of new clean energy
technologies designed to decrease dependence on foreign oil, providing a more
secure future for America's energy needs and enhancing rural economies.

"Innovative research is a critical link to stimulating rural economies and
creating jobs across America," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "These
awards are part of the Obama Administration's 'all of the above' energy policy.
These projects will not only support our efforts to provide a sustainable and
domestic energy source for the nation, but also improve the lives of rural
residents."

"Biofuels and bio-based products offer the potential of homegrown American
resources that can reduce our dependence on imported oil and also cut carbon
emissions," said Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz. "This advanced research is
helping us to lay the groundwork for biomass as an important part of the
low-carbon future."

The $12.6 million in research grants are awarded under a joint DOE-USDA program
that began in 2006 focused on fundamental investigations of biomass genomics,
with the aim of harnessing nonfood plant biomass for the production of fuels
such as ethanol or renewable chemical feedstocks. Dedicated feedstock crops tend
to require less intensive production practices and can grow on poorer quality
land than food crops, making this a critical element in a strategy of
sustainable biofuels production that avoids competition with crops grown for
food.

The projects are located in California, Colorado, Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota,
Missouri, New York, Texas, and Virginia. DOE's Office of Science will provide
$10.6 million in funding for eight projects, while USDA's National Institute of
Food and Agriculture (NIFA) will award $2 million to fund two projects. Initial
funding will support research projects for up to three years. The full list of
awardees and project descriptions can be found online at:
http://genomicscience.energy.gov/research/DOEUSDA/index.shtml.

New projects to be funded this year will build upon gains in genetic and genomic
resources for bioenergy and biofuels. The projects will accelerate the breeding
of optimized dedicated bioenergy feedstocks through a better understanding of
complex interactions between bioenergy feedstock plants and their environment,
allowing the development of new regionally-adapted bioenergy feedstock cultivars
with maximal biomass or seed oil yield and traits leading to more sustainable
production systems, such as minimal water usage and nutrient input requirements.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 17, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: Research Projects to Improve Plant Feedstocks for Bioenergy Production

LENGTH: 517  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the U.S. Department of Energy
(DOE) today announced the selection of 10 projects that are being awarded
funding aimed at accelerating genetic breeding programs to improve plant
feedstocks for the production of biofuels, biopower, and biobased products. The
investment is part of the Obama Administration's broader effort to diversify the
nation's energy portfolio and accelerate development of new clean energy
technologies designed to decrease dependence on foreign oil, providing a more
secure future for America's energy needs and enhancing rural economies.

"Innovative research is a critical link to stimulating rural economies and
creating jobs across America," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "These
awards are part of the Obama Administration's 'all of the above' energy policy.
These projects will not only support our efforts to provide a sustainable and
domestic energy source for the nation, but also improve the lives of rural
residents."

"Biofuels and bio-based products offer the potential of homegrown American
resources that can reduce our dependence on imported oil and also cut carbon
emissions," said Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz. "This advanced research is
helping us to lay the groundwork for biomass as an important part of the
low-carbon future."

The $12.6 million in research grants are awarded under a joint DOE-USDA program
that began in 2006 focused on fundamental investigations of biomass genomics,
with the aim of harnessing nonfood plant biomass for the production of fuels
such as ethanol or renewable chemical feedstocks. Dedicated feedstock crops tend
to require less intensive production practices and can grow on poorer quality
land than food crops, making this a critical element in a strategy of
sustainable biofuels production that avoids competition with crops grown for
food.

The projects are located in California, Colorado, Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota,
Missouri, New York, Texas, and Virginia. DOE's Office of Science will provide
$10.6 million in funding for eight projects, while USDA's National Institute of
Food and Agriculture (NIFA) will award $2 million to fund two projects. Initial
funding will support research projects for up to three years. The full list of
awardees and project descriptions can be found online at:
http://genomicscience.energy.gov/research/DOEUSDA/index.shtml.

New projects to be funded this year will build upon gains in genetic and genomic
resources for bioenergy and biofuels. The projects will accelerate the breeding
of optimized dedicated bioenergy feedstocks through a better understanding of
complex interactions between bioenergy feedstock plants and their environment,
allowing the development of new regionally-adapted bioenergy feedstock cultivars
with maximal biomass or seed oil yield and traits leading to more sustainable
production systems, such as minimal water usage and nutrient input requirements.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 The Foothills Sun-Gazette (Exeter, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 25, 2015

Citrus greening disease research receives grant;
USDA begins funding research to prevent bacterial disease Huang longbing

BYLINE: The Foothills Sun-Gazette staff

LENGTH: 532  words


Two new research projects aimed at preventing and diagnosing the devastating
citrus greening disease have been launched at the University of California,
Davis, funded by more than $5 million in grants from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. USDA recently announced a new $30 million effort to combat the
bacterial disease, also known as Huanglongbing, which is ravaging citrus groves
in Florida and threatening the citrus industry throughout the U.S. There is
currently no cure for the disease, which causes citrus trees to gradually
decline in health; produce bitter, misshapen fruit; and then die. Preventing
infections:

The new funding includes a $4.5 million grant over three years to a research
team led by plant pathologist Bryce Falk. The grant, presented by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crops Research Initiative, will be used to
develop non-transgenic techniques that either kill Asian citrus psyllids or
prevent the tiny insects from spreading the disease to citrus trees. "This grant
allows us to advance our collaborative research, which already has identified
certain RNA molecules that reduce the survival of adult Asian citrus psyllids as
they move onto citrus trees," Falk said. Findings from the research are expected
to help reduce the need for pesticides, in citrus groves and lower the overall
costs for citrus growers, he said. The grant will also support mathematical
modeling and economic analysis, as well as extension and outreach efforts to
assist growers and quickly move research developments into use in citrus groves.
Co-leading the project with Falk is William Dawson of the University of Florida.

Other members of the research team are Karen letter of UC Davis; Peggy Lemaux of
UC Berkeley; Beth Grafton-Cardwell and James Ng, both of UC Riverside; and
scientists from Florida.

Better diagnosing citrus greening: In a second project, UC Davis biochemist
Carolyn Slupsky is using nuclear magnetic resonance technology to better
understand the effect of microbes on the metabolism of the organisms they
inhabit - in this case, the cirrus psyllid and the citrus tree. She will focus
on investigating short-term treatments that affect how insects acquire and
transmit the bacteria that cause citrus greening disease.

The research will examine how such treatments impact the extent of the disease,
as measured through changes in metabolism in both the insect and the tree. "This
grant will help us find safe and effective short-term and long-term solutions
for citrus greening disease, which will be important for maintaining the citrus
industry in the United States," Slupsky said. This $10 million project, led by
Kansas State University, also includes university and USDA researchers at
Cornell University and at the USDA-ARS US Horticultural Laboratory in Fort
Pierce, Florida. The funding includes $655,000 to support work in Slupsky's
laboratory. Citrus greening disease has only been detected once in California,
appearing in 2012 in a residential tree in the Southern California community of
Hacienda Heights. However, the Asian citrus psyllid has been found in 14
California counties, resulting in quarantines of all or part of those counties.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FSG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2015 The Foothills Sun-Gazette


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Gillibrand Urges USDA and ARC To Fund The Center For Craft Food and
Beverage At Hartwick College In Oneonta

LENGTH: 745  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand today wrote to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) and the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) urging them to
fund the Center for Craft Food and Beverage at Hartwick College located in
Oneonta, New York. The Senator wrote to USDA Secretary Thomas J. Vilsack and ARC
Federal Co-Chair Earl Gohl urging them to provide the federal funds necessary to
purchase additional analytical equipment for grain testing, research, and
processing specifically for farmers to cultivate value-added crops, including
malting barley and other practices important to the craft food and beverage
industry. The Center for Craft Food and Beverage aims to become a quality
testing site and technical assistance center for craft food and beverage
producers, focusing on locally-grown and locally-sourced material. Once the
funding is approved, the Center will use the federal funds to purchase a
laboratory scale micro-malting system.





 "The demand for New York barley and other small grains from craft brewers
continues to increase and testing labs like the Center at Hartwick College will
be vital to help farmers get their products to beverage producers," said Senator
Kirsten Gillibrand, the first New York Senator to serve on the Senate
Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years. "Once the Center for Craft Food and
Beverage is expanded, growers and small businesses will have the additional
support they need to compete in the farm brewery and craft food and beverage
industry. The Center will help lower the cost of production, ensure the
consistent, high quality of New York grains, and help our producers build their
brands and compete in New York and beyond."





 Earlier this month, Senator Gillibrand announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture will be expanding conventional barley crop insurance to 13 new
counties this year and an additional 16 counties for crop year 2017.
Additionally, RMA will begin offering coverage for malting barley in four
counties beginning in 2017. Surrounding counties added to the conventional
barley crop insurance include Oneida 2016 and Chenango and Broome in 2017.
Otsego will be added to the malting barley expansion list in 2017.



 Gillibrand's letters to USDA Secretary, Thomas J. Vilsack and ARC Federal
Co-Chair Earl Gohl are included below.











 The Honorable Tom Vilsack



 Secretary of Agriculture



 United States Department of Agriculture



 1400 Independence Ave., S.W.

 Washington, DC 20250











 Dear Secretary Vilsack,







             I write in support of the application submitted by Hartwick College
for funding from the Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG) Program through the
United States Department of Agriculture. This funding will help Hartwick College
purchase additional analytical equipment to test and research the growth and
improvement of New York State farming, malting, and brewing industries.







             Hartwick College is located in Otsego County, which is a rural area
in upstate New York that is economically disadvantaged. In 2013, the Center for
Craft Food and Beverage at Hartwick College opened to help facilitate the growth
of the craft food and beverage products in upstate New York. The Center has a
specific focus on locally-grown and sourced material and as the demand for local
raw materials among craft brewers grows, testing labs like those at the Center
for Craft Food and Beverage will become a necessity to assist farmers in getting
their products to New York's craft beverage producers.







             The requested funding will be used to support Hartwick College's
Center for Craft Food and Beverage's purchase of more analytical equipment,
including a laboratory scale micro-malting system. The Center needs new
analytical equipment to continue to test and research the growth and improvement
of New York State's farming, malting, and craft brewing industries. This will
also help ensure that local producers have access to affordable and accurate
information about the value of their crops. By purchasing more analytical
equipment, the Center for Craft Food and Beverage will lower costs related to
the production of craft food and beverage, add value to craft food and beverage
products, and promote New York State products.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           February 1, 2003, Saturday

SAFETY CASH BID

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 322 words

HIGHLIGHT: GEORGE BUSH


PRESIDENT George Bush is seeking record-level support for the United States
Department of Agriculture's meat and poultry food safety programmes as well as
increase efforts to strengthen agricultural systems in his FY2004 budget, writes
David McCoy.

Agriculture Secretary, Ann M Veneman, said that, under the proposals, the USDA's
food safety budget would increase to $ 797 million (pounds 494m), an increase of
$ 42m (pounds 26m) over the FY2003 request and represented a $ 148m (pounds 91m)
- 20 per cent - increase in food safety programmes since FY2000.

Speaking at the US Poultry and Egg Association International Poultry Exposition
at Atlanta, Georgia, Ms Veneman said that the FY2004 request would fund 7,680
food safety inspectors, provide specialised training for the inspection
workforce, increase microbiological testing and sampling, strengthen foreign
surveillance programmes and increase public education efforts.

In addition, the USDA's budget will also include $ 70 million (pounds 43
million) in new funding through other USDA programmes to strengthen agricultural
protection systems that would include increased laboratory security measures,
biosecurity, animal disease and vaccine research; and additional animal and
plant pests and disease monitoring programmes.

"The President cares deeply about ensuring a strong food safety programme and
the protection of agriculture against potential threats," said Mr Veneman.

"This additional funding continues to build upon a strong record of achievement
in further strengthening our protection systems to ensure the integrity of our
food systems.

"We must continue to invest in food safety, research and pest and disease
protection programmes to ensure strong systems are in place to protect consumers
and the food and agricultural sector from potential threats."

The Bush Administration releases its formal budget proposals on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 24, 2016 Friday

Washington: USDA, Interior Announce More Than $47 Million in Investments for
Water Conservation, Energy Efficiency, Drought Response & Agriculture Operations
Across the West

LENGTH: 921 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 June 23, 2016 - The U.S. Departments of Agriculture (USDA) and Interior today
announced more than $47 million in investments to help water districts and
producers on private working lands better conserve water resources. The funds
include $15 million in USDA funds and $32.6 million from the Bureau of
Reclamation for local projects to improve water and energy efficiency and
provide a strengthened federal response to ongoing and potential drought across
13 states in the West.





 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and Reclamation Commissioner Estevan Lopez
announced the funding in Brighton, Colo. The Bureau of Reclamation funding will
support 76 local projects through the Department of the Interior's WaterSMART
program. Funding from USDA's Natural Resource Conservation Service (NRCS) will
support on-farm water delivery system improvements through its Environmental
Quality Incentives Program, in tandem with the 76 Interior-funded projects.
Vilsack and Lopez were joined by a local water authority and landowner who spoke
about the importance of the federal funding in the cost share program.



 "By working with communities and producers to more wisely manage the water they
have, we help ensure that this and future generations will have sufficient
supplies of clean water for drinking, agriculture, economic activities,
recreation, and ecosystem health," said Secretary Vilsack. "As drought continues
across the west, our farmers and ranchers are stepping up to the plate to
partner with communities and strengthen efficiency to better conserve our water
supply."



 "Water and energy efficiency are intricately linked," Commissioner L&oacute;pez
said. "When we conserve water, we also conserve the energy it takes to move it.
One way we can achieve these efficiencies is to bring federal resources to the
table for local projects that focus on saving water. This program represents one
more way we're focusing resources on projects to provide resiliency in the face
of drought."



 Interior's funding is made available through competitive grant programs, which
are part of the WaterSMART sustainable water initiative. The grants and
selection process are managed by Interior's Bureau of Reclamation, which is the
nation's largest wholesale water supplier, providing one in five western farmers
with irrigation water for 10 million acres of farmland and potable water to more
than 31 million Americans across 17 western states.



 Of the 76 new projects announced today, Reclamation has selected 53 projects in
11 states to receive a total of $25.6 million in WaterSMART Water and Energy
Efficiency Grants which, when leveraged with local and other funding sources,
will complete more than $128 million in efficiency improvements. In addition to
the new grants announced today, Reclamation will provide $2.1 million to support
previously selected WaterSMART projects. Together, these projects are expected
to enable water savings of more than 123,000 acre-feet. More details on the
program and projects announced today can be found on the WaterSMART Water and
Energy Efficiency Grants website.



 Alongside the 53 water and energy efficiency grants, Reclamation also selected
23 additional cost share grants through its WaterSMART Drought Response Program,
totaling $4.9 million, which when leveraged with cost-share funding will provide
a total of $23.5 million in efforts associated with the program. More detail on
the program and the projects announced today can be found on the Drought
Response Program website.



 Through its EQIP program, NRCS is investing $5.2 million in on-farm assistance
to complement several projects that have been funded previously by BOR, and will
provide an additional $10 million in 2017 to support some of the Reclamation
projects announced today. NRCS is able to complement WaterSMART investments by
targeting assistance in areas where WaterSMART sponsors indicated that water
delivery system improvements might facilitate future on-farm improvements. NRCS
will work with producers in select WaterSMART project areas to offer financial
and technical assistance for practices that increase on-farm efficiencies, such
as improving irrigation systems.



 USDA works with private landowners to implement voluntary conservation
practices that conserve and clean the water we drink. USDA support--leveraged
with historic outside investments--boosts producer incomes and rewards them for
their good work. At the same time, USDA investments have brought high quality
water and waste services to rural communities, which are vital to their
continued health and economic viability. For information on USDA's drought
mitigation efforts, visit USDA Drought Programs and Assistance. To learn more
about how NRCS is helping private landowners adapt to changing climate
conditions including drought, visit the NRCS' drought resources.



 This partnership is a priority action identified in the President's Memorandum
Building National Capabilities for Long-Term Drought Resilience and accompanying
the Federal Drought Action Plan. USDA, as permanent co-chair, is working with
DOI and other members of the National Drought Resilience Partnership to better
coordinate drought-related programs and policies, help communities reduce the
impact of current drought events and prepare for future droughts.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              July 8, 2013 Monday

Sudanese leader directs increase of funding for agriculture

LENGTH: 242 words


Text of report in English by Sudanese government newspaper Sudan Vision website
on 6 July

[Report by Muhammad Babikir: "President Directs Increase of Funding for
Agriculture"]

President of the republic, FM Umar al -Bashir, announced that the monetary
policy in the country will be reviewed to raise funding for agriculture.

Minister of Agriculture Dr. Abd-al- Halim Ismail Al-Muta'afi said the president
promised to discuss the matter with competent authorities. The minister said the
total funding for the current agricultural season exceeded SDG 2bn [454,289,366
US dollar], adding that funding from the Central Bank for agriculture reached
SDG 150m [34,071,690 US dollar]. He said 1500 tractors, other farming implements
and machinery are also being distributed. 32,000 harvesters are expected to
arrive in the country this year, the minister said.

Meanwhile, the national assembly on Wednesday [3 July] referred the statement of
the ministry of agriculture and irrigation to the competent committee for
further consideration and report.

In his report to the house, the minister of agriculture outlined the summer
season plan and the ongoing efforts and measures to implement the plan in the
irrigation and rain-fed sectors.

Al-Muta'afi also highlighted necessary measures being taken by the ministry to
combat swarms of desert locusts expected to come from Egypt and Yemen as
anticipated by FAO.

Source: Sudan Vision website, Khartoum, in English 6 Jul 13

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    News Letter Journal (Newcastle, Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 19, 2012

Waitin on a sign

BYLINE: News Letter Journal staff

LENGTH: 899  words


Agricultural producers in this region were hurting weeks before the Oil Creek
Fire destroyed a significant amount of forage through the heart of the county,
and local representatives of state and federal agencies say work had begun to
secure resources for drought and disaster relief well ahead of the blaze.

Peggy Livingston, the director of the United States Department of Agriculture's
Farm Services Agency, said she has been working to secure financial relief for
local producers for some time, but until the Secretary of Agriculture declares a
disaster because of the drought that has stricken the region this year, funds
won't be available.

"What we're waiting on right now, the big thing, is the Secretarial designation.
That's not ' finalized," she told the News Letter Journal, indicating that if a
designation is made, emergency loans will be available from FSA. There is also
the possibility that Emergency Conservation District Program funds, which don't
require repayment, could become available as well.

A disaster declaration from the Secretary of Agriculture will make all family
sized farm operators eligible to be considered for low interest emergency loans
from FSA.

"In addition, if you sell or exchange more livestock in a given year than you
normally would because of a drought or other weather-related conditions, you may
be able to postpone reporting the gain from the additional animal sales until
the following year," Livingston said.

To qualify, an individual has to farm as their principal trade or business, and
they have to use the cash method of accounting. They have to show that, under
their usual business practices, they would not have sold or exchanged the
additional animals this year except for the weather-related conditions.

"Always consult with your tax advisor to evaluate your individual situation,"
Livingston suggested.

The Weston County FSA Office has also submitted a request for Emergency
Conservation Program funds, but that request still needs to be approved at the
State FSA Office level before being forwarded to the national office.

"If received, this funding will provide cost share for producers who need to
restore fences, replace water tanks or storage tanks, and above-ground pipelines
that were destroyed in die fire. In addition to these practices, funding may
also be available for water enhancement measures to permit grazing of pastures
in which the normal water source is depleted. This may include well drilling for
livestock water plus one tank at the well sight, solar panels to provide power
to pump water for livestock or water hauling for livestock," Livingston
reported.

She indicated that she will publicize a disaster declaration in the News Letter
Journal if and when it comes, and will also let people know if Emergency
Conservation Program funding becomes available. She also suggested that passage
of the 2012 Farm Bill could reactivate other disaster programs that expired in
September of last year.

Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack announced last week tiiat a package of
program improvements designed to deliver faster and more flexible assistance to
farmers devastated by natural disasters, including wildfires, has been
implemented.

"Secretary Vilsack announced three significant improvements to decades-old USDA
programs and processes related to Secretarial disaster designations: a final
rule that simplifies the process for Secretarial disaster designations and will
result in a 40 percent reduction in processing time for most counties affected
by disasters; a reduced interest rate for emergency loans; and lowers the
payment reduction on Conservation Reserve Program lands qualified for emergency
haying and grazing in 2012," a press release from the United States Department
of Agriculture reported.

The release also said Burned Area Emergency Response specialists are working in
a number of western states, including Wyoming, to prevent additional damage to
life, property or natural resources.

"They will be looking for changes in soil properties and the soil's capacity to
absorb precipitation to mitigate erosion potential. BAER teams are staffed by
specially trained professionals: hydrologists, soil scientists, engineers,
biologists, vegetation specialists, archeologists, and others who rapidly
evaluate the burned area and prescribe emergency stabilization treatments," the
release stated.

The release didn't indicate if any of the teams are active in Weston County, and
Livingston pointed out that a significant portion of the west was struggling
under drought conditions and being impacted by wildfires.

"Everybody is asking for these things, nationwide," she said, suggesting that
producers should get in their requests quickly if a disaster declaration is made
because the amount of resources available could be limited.

"It may give them a little bit of a bright spot, but nothing is a given here,
just because of the economic times," she said.

Regardless of whether or not a disaster declaration comes from Vilsack in the
near future, Livingston urges producers to stay in touch with her office, and
share information that could help assistance find its way here.

"I would encourage anybody who has any questions or concerns to contact me. I'm
documenting the things they've told us in die office to get a feel for this,
otherwise its difficult for me to even know how much money to ask for," she
encouraged.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLJ

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 News Letter Journal


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            August 27, 2005 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Research grant may help wheat survive Sask. winter

BYLINE: Murray Lyons, Saskatchewan News Network

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 430  words

DATELINE: SASKATOON


SASKATOON -- A killing frost turned a good Saskatchewan wheat crop into millions
of bushels of low value feed wheat in 2004, but understanding plant genomics may
be able to prevent future losses from the sort of frost that caused an estimated
half billion dollars damage last August.

University of Saskatchewan crop breeder Brian Fowler this week snagged more than
$3 million from Genome Canada in the federal funding agency's third round of
grants.

His project, Use of Genomic Tools for Crop Improvement in Temperature Climates,
is focused on identifying genes that occur naturally in winter hardy varieties
of cereal grains such as rye and winter wheat and make those traits available to
better yielding varieties of winter wheat and even spring wheat.

Fowler says a plant gaining two to three degrees of cold weather tolerance can
make a huge difference.

It's the second time Fowler's group has received Genome Canada funding. The
first grant, announced in 2001, was used to develop the tools needed to exploit
genomic information in cereal crops. This time around, the money will be used
primarily to get gene traits conferring low temperature tolerance into
commercial varieties of cereal grain.

"Now we're at the point where the biology end of it starts to unfold," he said
Friday.

Fowler and his team at the university's plant sciences department have already
lined up $1.3 million in matching funding from Canada and abroad, including
Australia and the United States Department of Agriculture. "These are our
competitors, so the issue gets complicated," Fowler admitted.

Nevertheless, Fowler says crop breeding centres in Canada such as the University
of Saskatchewan Crop Development Centre will get immediate access to the
information. And if there are any patents that come out of the research, the U
of S as lead institution will have those patent rights.

Besides giving spring wheat varieties more of a fighting chance to emerge
unscathed from an unusual frost within the normal 90-day growing season, the
research is designed to put additional low temperature hardiness into winter
wheat.

Fowler says varieties developed at the U of S have taken winter wheat that can
be grown in Canada from averaging 19.5 bushels per acre in 1993 to 60 to 60
bushels today. In the past, farmers this far north have had uneven results in
trying to grow winter wheat.

Fowler says farmers have to plant into standing stubble from another cereal crop
about Sept. 1 in order for the new crop to catch the snow and be insulated while
it lies dormant in winter. That makes crop rotation problematic.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2015 Sunday

Washington: USDA Invests in Critical Dam Rehabilitation and Assessment Projects
in 23 States

LENGTH: 704  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Department of Agriculture, Food safety and Inspection Services has
issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today $73 million to be invested
this year to rehabilitate and assess dams across the nation to ensure this
critical infrastructure is protecting Americans from harm, securing public
health and expanding water supplies in drought affected areas. About 150
projects and assessments in 23 states will be funded.

"Millions of people depend on watersheds and dams for protection from floods and
to provide safe drinking water. With a changing and shifting climate, dams are
also vital to holding stores of water for use during drought," Secretary Vilsack
said. "By investing in this critical infrastructure, we are helping to ensure a
safe, resilient environment for agricultural producers and residents of rural
America."

USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) Assistant Chief Kirk Hanlin
highlighted this round of watershed rehabilitation funding on Thursday near
Alpine, Utah, where work is planned on Tibble Fork Dam to increase the water
supply and improve flood damage protection for surrounding communities. This
project is one of 19 in Utah that will receive nearly $30 million in overall
funding.

Last year, NRCS made changes to the watershed rehabilitation program to allow
for projects that also help increase water supply. Half of this year's dam
assessments, including 15 in drought-stricken California, will assess the
feasibility of using watershed rehabilitation funds to mitigate drought.

"USDA continues to look for new ways to mitigate the impacts of drought across
the West, and this change to the Watershed Rehabilitation Program allows us to
use existing infrastructure to address water quantity issues," Hanlin said.

This investment follows the Obama Administration's call last year for federal
agencies to increase investments in infrastructure to accelerate economic
growth, create jobs and improve the competitiveness of the American economy.

There are nearly 12,000 dams across the United States. In addition to nearly 50
rehabilitation projects, NRCS is conducting 100 dam assessments in 13 states
through the Watershed Rehabilitation Program.

2015 projects include:

1. Tibble Fork Dam, Utah: Tibble Fork Dam is located in the American Fork-Dry
Creek Watershed within US Forest Service lands of Utah County, Utah. The dam
provides protection against flooding within American Fork Canyon, and the
communities of Cedar Hills, American Fork, Highland and Pleasant Grove. The
rehabilitation project is expected to provide average annual benefits of
$535,000 including water supply, recreation and flood protection.

2. Trinity River-East Fork above Lavon, Texas: Located in Collin County, this
dam provides protection against flooding to an estimated 1,630 Texans who live
and work downstream. Additionally, it protects six city streets and one U.S.
Highway that together support over 39,000 vehicles daily. Among other critical
infrastructure, the dam also protects power lines, water lines and fiber optic
cables. The rehabilitation project is expected to annually provide about $1.5
million flood damage reduction benefits.

3. Delaney Multipurpose Complex Dam, Mass.: The Delaney Multipurpose Complex
consists of two dams, the Delaney Dam and the East Bolton Dam. Originally built
in 1971, the Delaney Complex does not meet current dam safety criteria. Dam
failure would result in damages to 272 buildings, nine roads, two bridges, other
public infrastructure, public utilities and potential loss of life. The dam
currently provides $382,130 in annual flood protection benefits to the
downstream communities including recreational opportunities, water supply for
irrigation, groundwater recharge and base flow for downstream wastewater
assimilation.

The states and numbers of projects: Ala. (11), Calif. (15), Colo. (2), Ga. (4),
Kan. (1), Ky. (1), La. (1), Mass. (1), Minn. (7), Miss. (2), Neb. (8), Nev. (1),
N.C. (8), Ohio (3), Okla. (18), Ore. (4), Pa. (12), S.C. (4), Texas (26), Utah
(19), Va. (3), W.Va. (1) and Wyo. (1)

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Thomas Tribune (Oklahoma)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 24, 2015

USD A Commits $2.5 Million to Expand New Farmer Education

BYLINE: The Thomas Tribune staff

LENGTH: 402  words


Training Will also Help Returning Service Members, Underserved, and Urban
Producers

Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today announced that $2.5 million in
grants is now available for projects to educate new and underserved farmers
about more than 20 U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Farm Service Agency
programs that can provide financial, disaster or technical assistance to the
agricultural community.

The grants will be awarded to nonprofits and public higher education
institutions that develop proposals to improve farmer education on topics such
as financial training, value-added production, recordkeeping, property
inheritance, and crop production practices.

"We want to partner with nonprofits, colleges and universities who share USDA's
priority of helping more Americans enter farming as a profession, whether they
are new or underserved farmers, returning Service members, minorities, women,
and urban producers or those who sell their crops locally," said Harden.

USDA will conduct four evaluation periods to review applications, with the
deadlines of Nov. 20, 2015, Jan. 22, 2015, Mar. 18, 2016, and May 27, 2016.
Awards between $20,000 and $100,000 per applicant will be available. To learn
more about the funding solicitation and the related

Farm Service Agency programs, details can be found at www.grants.gov with the
reference number USDA-FSA-CA-2015-001. For nonprofits and public institutions of
higher education that are considering participation, an online informational
session will be conducted on Sept. 28, 2015. Additional information is posted on
the Web at www.fsa.usda.gov/outreach.

This funding builds on historic investments made in rural America over the past
six years and supports programs enacted by the 2014 Farm Bill, which achieved
meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for the taxpayer.

Since enactment, the U.S. Department of Agriculture has progressively
implemented each provision of this critical legislation, including providing
disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools;
expanding access to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing
innovative public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for
rural-made products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community
facilities to help improve quality of life in rural America. For more
information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TMS

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 The Thomas Tribune


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             August 24, 2009 Monday
                                  All Editions

Michaud announces snowsled club funding

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 144 words

DATELINE: MILO


Rep. Mike Michaud recently announced that Devil Sledders Inc. of Milo and
Otisfield Trailblazers of Otisfield will receive more than $75,000 in funding
from the United States Department of Agriculture to assist the clubs with the
purchase of snowmobile trail groomers.

Devil Sledders Inc. will receive $50,000 and Otisfield Trailblazers will receive
$27,793. The funding comes from the Rural Business Enterprise Grant program,
which is administered by USDA's Rural Development Office.

Michaud said the funds will help tourism and increase economic activity for
small businesses in Milo, Otisfield and surrounding areas.

The Rural Business Enterprise Grant program provides funding for rural projects
that finance and facilitate development of small and emerging rural businesses.
It also funds distance learning networks and employment-related adult education
programs.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                             June 13, 2003, Friday

LETTER BRINGS USDA INTO TWO CITIES' DISPUTE

BYLINE: JOY COCHRAN The Ledger

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 545 words


EAGLE LAKE -- Winter Haven officials have been telling Eagle Lake officials that
annexation and providing utility services are separate issues.

If that's the case, Eagle Lake officials want to know why Winter Haven City
Manager David Greene has tried to undermine the smaller city's efforts to get
funding to expand its utility lines.

The two cities have been arguing over who should provide utilities to a 151-acre
area Winter Haven annexed this week.

Greene sent Robert Nadeau, a rural development manager for the United States
Department of Agriculture, a copy of a May 13 letter he sent to Eagle Lake City
Manager Linda Weldon addressing the dispute that has flared between the two
municipalities.

Nadeau told Weldon in a letter dated May 27 that "we are not sure why Mr. Greene
elected to copy this office with the subject correspondence." Nadeau said his
agency had determined it to be a local matter between the two cities and Eagle
Lake's request for funding would proceed.

Still, Greene again notified Nadeau on June 10, this time directly, that the
annexation had been finalized the previous day.

"I don't think Mr. Greene has any business writing such a letter to Mr. Nadeau,"
said Mark Miller, an attorney representing Eagle Lake. "Winter Haven has
absolutely no stake in whether Eagle Lake gets funding or doesn't get funding
from the USDA."

Greene would not make himself available for comment Thursday nor would Assistant
City Manager Larry Arnold. Winter Haven City Attorney John Murphy did not return
messages left by The Ledger on Thursday.

Weldon said Greene is trying to sabotage Eagle Lake's efforts to increase its
revenues by expanding its water and wastewater systems.

A 1984 agreement between the two cities calls for Winter Haven to treat
wastewater from "within the sewer service area of Eagle Lake." The agreement
places Camellia Drive, south of Lake Shipp, as the northern boundary of Eagle
Lake's sewer service area.

The cities' dispute was initiated several months ago when a developer approached
Winter Haven to provide utilities in an area planned for development.

Besides the 1984 agreement, Weldon says the city also passed an ordinance
several years ago that delineates its utilities service area. The ordinance is
required by Florida law, she said.

That law establishes a geographical area where a city can provide water and
wastewater services outside its corporate limits, Miller said.

"Under the statute it obligates the city to serve customers in that area," he
said. "There's been a long-standing understanding between Winter Haven and Eagle
Lake that that was Eagle Lake's service area territory."

But in his May 13 letter to Weldon, Greene disagrees.

"Your assertion regarding Winter Haven's legal counsel pertaining to interlocal
agreements and chapter 180 service areas is absurd," he wrote. "Obviously that
assertion could not have been interpreted from any conversation or communication
from either me or city staff."

To try to resolve the issues, officials from both cities have set a tentative
date of June 24 to meet. Miller said if a solution is not worked out then, Eagle
Lake will sue Winter Haven.

Joy Cochran can be reached at joy.cochran@theledger.com or 863-401-6970.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2003 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             May 8, 2004, Saturday

USDA BACKS NATIONAL ANIMAL ID SYSTEM . . .

SECTION: 1st Edition; NEWS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 438 words


UNITED States Department of Agriculture Undersecretary, Bill Hawks, has
announced that the agency is moving into the implementation phase of a national
animal identification system.

The nationwide system, which has been under discussion for the past two years,
has been on a fast track since the diagnosis of the first US case of BSE.

Backers want a system in place quickly that can trace back animals within 48
hours of any disease outbreak.

The announcement came as the Office of Management & Budget (OMB) approved $ 18.8
million (pounds 10.4 million) in fiscal year 2004 from the Commodity Credit
Corp. The funding was made available on an emergency basis.

Implementation would begin with evaluation of several pilot animal
identification programmes the USDA had already funded to see which were suitable
for scaling up for the national programme, Mr Hawks said.

USDA officials have repeatedly said that the national system will be designed to
accommodate all current and new technologies. Rather than "buying a system," the
USDA intends to design a framework that will establish numbering standards and
data collection and storage protocols that are "technology neutral."

News of the start-up funding and kick-off was greeted enthusiastically by
organizations that already have identification systems in place - such as
Holstein USA, which operates FAIR, an identification system used on more than
one million dairy animals.

The next step will be to begin signing co-operative agreements with states,
tribes and regional partners for parts of the system, according to Mr Hawks.
Premise numbers assignments are expected to begin this summer.

Another $ 33 million (pounds 18.4 million) has been requested for the
identification plan for fiscal 2005, although Congress has yet to act on the new
appropriations bill.

The National Pork Producers' Council (NPPC) praised the start up of funding for
the new identification programme. The key for the pork industry is the
assignment of animal premises numbers, as outlined in the industry-wide US
Animal Identification Plan (USAIP).

Rather than identifying individual animals, pork and poultry producers hope to
develop a system that identifies pens or lots of animals that are produced
together and sold as units.

The pork industry considers a premises identification system a crucial part of
protecting the nation's critical food and agriculture infrastructure.

NPPC is currently working with other livestock groups in Washington to seek $ 73
million (pounds 40.7 million) from Congress in the 2005 Agriculture
Appropriations Bill.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                             August 8, 2011 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Farmers hope to sidestep inevitable funding cuts

BYLINE: OWEN ROBERTS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 655  words


With United States administrators having co-operated at the 11th hour to raise
the debt ceiling, the jockeying has started to decide who and what will be
spared from the reported trillions of dollars that will be cut to curb
government spending. Waving frantically, trying to get some attention, is
agriculture. Of course no one wants their programs docked, and that's already
causing infighting.

For example, in one of our neighbouring states, Michigan, a group organizing
under an anti-industrial farming banner is flogging a report that claims
farmers' markets there have tripled over the past decade to 336, mirroring a
national trend. There are now about 6,100 farmers markets in the U.S. They say
the growth in farmers' markets means the federal government should invest some
of the $13 billion it spends funding big agriculture on local market support and
development instead.

It's great that farmers' markets are growing. I believe such markets bring
farming and the public together in a positive way. And given the funding climate
in the U.S., I suppose this us-versus-them attitude is inevitable. Actually,
it's nothing new to farmers. When such labels emerge, a lot of them look in the
mirror and say "Who, me? Industrial agriculture?" Any farmer who supplies food
in significant quantities even to a farmers' market could be demonized as being
industrial, if that definition includes anyone who uses modern technology to
produce food.

For now, U.S. anti-industrial agriculture advocates can tone down their
rhetoric. Farm subsidy programs are not included in the first round of budget
cuts. But that doesn't mean agriculture is exempt. Program delivery,
discretionary spending and extension services have been getting hammered for
years, and more of the same is expected as bean counters tighten the U.S.
financial belt. Agriculture's proponents inside the U.S. government are
frustrated that they're not getting credit for cuts they've already made. But
even if they do, what's likely to follow as America trims the fat will be
unprecedented if they are ever expecting to balance their books.

The blame game is about to begin in earnest in Ontario, too, with a provincial
election due this fall. I don't know about you, but I'm already dreading the
inevitable attack ads that have become so popular - and despicable - in
political campaigns. I'm ready to listen to anyone who talks about their own
policies rather than throwing mud on opponents, which is much easier to do than
intelligently explain your position. Too much is at stake to select a government
mainly on criticism of the status quo.

Green energy development on farms will be one of the targets. Because we're so
distanced from rural Ontario, some politicians will have you think Ontario's
efforts to bring green energy - solar and wind, primarily - to farms has failed.

But it hasn't. In fact, the opposite is happening. If you're on vacation this
summer driving through Ontario farmland, you'll see an abundance of stand-alone
solar panels near barns and in fields. Those are small- and medium-sized green
energy projects, popping up everywhere, including on so-called industrial or
commercial farms that activists unfairly call wasteful and inefficient. These
farms are helping lead Ontario's economic recovery. Ontario still needs to sort
out the pros and cons of wind power - the esthetics and economics, in
particular. But for solar, a big part of the green energy plan, we're becoming a
leader and the province deserves credit.

Farm groups are already gearing up for the provincial election, and vocalizing
their concerns. Listen to them, not to some concocted attack ad, to hear the
real story on how they perceive rural issues. They've long praised the province
for its leadership in agricultural insurance, and over the coming weeks we'll
hear much more about their needs and who can meet them, as they strive to keep
us fed and the environment protected.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

Marauders' comeback effort falls short in 66-60 loss to Washington Adventist

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: Central State University has issued the following news release:
 Central State University President Dr. Cynthia Jackson-Hammond joined other
1890 Land-Grant University presidents in Washington DC to share the importance
of diversifying the agriculture industry and the need for Congressional support.





 President Jackson-Hammond spoke at the Committee on Agriculture Hearing
entitled "1890 Land-Grant Institutions: Recruitment Challenges and Scholarship
Opportunities." The hearing was on Congressman David Scott's bipartisan bill
H.R. 6020, the Funding for Student Scholarships for the 1890 Land-Grant
African-American Colleges and Universities Act. The bill would provide $1M in
grant funding to each of the 19 public land-grant universities for scholarships
to help African-American students who commit to pursuing careers in agriculture.




 "There is a tremendous need to increase the number of young African-Americans
seeking careers in agriculture," said Congressman Scott. "And there is a
tremendous crisis in this country given the average age of farmers in the United
States is 60 years of age and continues to rise. H.R. 6020 will expand the
permitted uses of federal funds awarded to 1890-universities from research,
education and extension to also include scholarship grants.''



 Since receiving federal designation as an 1890 Land-Grant Institution (2014),
Central State University under President Jackson-Hammond's administration has
developed new STEM-Ag degree programs (several more are on the horizon),
extension services and a new Department of Agricultural Sciences to advance the
University's land-grant mission.



 Joining President Jackson-Hammond to offer testimony were Dr. Paul Jones, Fort
Valley State University and Dr. Juliette Bell, University of Maryland Eastern
Shore.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

Marauders' comeback effort falls short in 66-60 loss to Washington Adventist

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: Central State University has issued the following news release:
 Central State University President Dr. Cynthia Jackson-Hammond joined other
1890 Land-Grant University presidents in Washington DC to share the importance
of diversifying the agriculture industry and the need for Congressional support.





 President Jackson-Hammond spoke at the Committee on Agriculture Hearing
entitled "1890 Land-Grant Institutions: Recruitment Challenges and Scholarship
Opportunities." The hearing was on Congressman David Scott's bipartisan bill
H.R. 6020, the Funding for Student Scholarships for the 1890 Land-Grant
African-American Colleges and Universities Act. The bill would provide $1M in
grant funding to each of the 19 public land-grant universities for scholarships
to help African-American students who commit to pursuing careers in agriculture.




 "There is a tremendous need to increase the number of young African-Americans
seeking careers in agriculture," said Congressman Scott. "And there is a
tremendous crisis in this country given the average age of farmers in the United
States is 60 years of age and continues to rise. H.R. 6020 will expand the
permitted uses of federal funds awarded to 1890-universities from research,
education and extension to also include scholarship grants.''



 Since receiving federal designation as an 1890 Land-Grant Institution (2014),
Central State University under President Jackson-Hammond's administration has
developed new STEM-Ag degree programs (several more are on the horizon),
extension services and a new Department of Agricultural Sciences to advance the
University's land-grant mission.



 Joining President Jackson-Hammond to offer testimony were Dr. Paul Jones, Fort
Valley State University and Dr. Juliette Bell, University of Maryland Eastern
Shore.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                             June 13, 2003, Friday

LETTER ESCALATES CITIES' DISPUTE; EAGLE LAKE AND WINTER HAVEN BATTLE OVER
ANNEXATION AND UTILITY ISSUES.

BYLINE: JOY COCHRAN The Ledger

SECTION: East Polk; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 672 words


EAGLE LAKE -- Winter Haven officials have been telling Eagle Lake officials that
annexation and providing utility services are separate issues.

If that's the case, Eagle Lake officials want to know why Winter Haven City
Manager David Greene has tried to undermine the smaller city's efforts to get
funding to expand its utility lines.

The two cities have been arguing over who should provide utilities to a 151-acre
area Winter Haven annexed this week.

Greene sent Robert Nadeau, a rural development manager for the United States
Department of Agriculture, a copy of a May 13 letter he sent to Eagle Lake City
Manager Linda Weldon addressing the dispute that has flared between the two
municipalities.

Nadeau responded by advising Weldon in a letter dated May 27 that "we are not
sure why Mr. Greene elected to copy this office with the subject
correspondence."

Nadeau went on to say that after reviewing the issue, his agency had determined
it to be a local matter between the two cities and that Eagle Lake's request for
funding would proceed, unless Weldon advised otherwise.

Still, Greene again notified Nadeau on June 10, this time directly, that the
annexation had been finalized the previous day.

"I don't think Mr. Greene has any business writing such a letter to Mr. Nadeau,"
said Mark Miller, an attorney representing Eagle Lake in its dispute with the
larger city. "Winter Haven has absolutely no stake in whether Eagle Lake gets
funding or doesn't get funding from the USDA."

Greene would not make himself available for comment Thursday and neither would
Assistant City Manager Larry Arnold. Winter Haven City Attorney John Murphy did
not return messages left by The Ledger on Thursday.

Weldon said Greene is trying to sabotage Eagle Lake's efforts to increase its
revenues by expanding its water and wastewater systems.

Eagle Lake officials have followed the law of notification about their utility
system expansions.

"We have all the documentation that goes back to July 2002," she said. "If they
(Winter Haven) stop this, they may open themselves up to a whole lot more."

Weldon declined to elaborate, referring further comment to Miller.

A 1984 agreement between the two cities calls for Winter Haven to treat
wastewater from "within the sewer service area of Eagle Lake." The agreement
places Camellia Drive, south of Lake Shipp, as the northern boundary of Eagle
Lake's sewer service area.

The cities' dispute was initiated several months ago when a developer approached
Winter Haven to provide utilities in an area planned for development.

The 151-acre annexation finalized Monday consists of five parcels. Four of the
parcels are owned by Highland Cassidy development company. The fifth parcel,
made up of 37 acres, is owned by the State University of Iowa, and was not a
voluntary annexation.

Besides the 1984 agreement, Weldon says the city also passed an ordinance
several years ago that delineates its utilities service area. The ordinance is
required by Chapter 180 of Florida law, she said.

That law establishes a geographical area where a city can provide water and
wastewater services outside its corporate limits, Miller said.

"Under the statute it obligates the city to serve customers in that area," he
said. "There's been a long-standing understanding between Winter Haven and Eagle
Lake that that was Eagle Lake's service area territory."

But in his May 13 letter to Weldon, Greene disagrees.

"Your assertion regarding Winter Haven's legal counsel pertaining to interlocal
agreements and chapter 180 service areas is absurd," he wrote. "Obviously that
assertion could not have been interpreted from any conversation or communication
from either me or city staff."

To try to resolve the issues, officials from both cities have set a tentative
date of June 24 to meet. Miller said if a solution is not worked out then, Eagle
Lake will file a lawsuit against Winter Haven.

Joy Cochran can be reached at joy.cochran@theledger.com or 863-401-6970.


LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Greene

             Copyright 2003 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 2, 2001 Monday

Stillwater-based SST Development receives research grant from USDA

BYLINE: Max Nichols

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 643 words


SST Development Group has been awarded a $275,000 Phase II Small Business
Innovative Research grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The Stillwater-based software development and information services company
received the grant for the continued development of an advanced digital remote
sensing system for agriculture.

After receiving funding from a USDA Phase I Small Business Innovative Research
grant in 2000, SST began evaluation of the prototype SST Crop Reflectance
Imaging System. SST will use this new round of funding to transform its
prototype into a turnkey system that can be operated by the pilot of a small
aircraft, or by a ground operator in the event that the imaging system is
carried aloft by an unmanned aerial vehicle.

Dewain Davis, SST vice president, is the manager for remote sensing programs and
Frank R. Schiebe is the principal investigator for research and development.

Davis owned and operated a large irrigated farm in Kansas for 20 years and then
worked as an image processing analyst at Stennis Space Center.

Schiebe is the former director of the USDA/ARS National Agricultural Water
Quality Laboratory in Durant.

In 1994, SST was founded as a software development firm creating geographic
information system software for production agriculture. SST's analytical
software, SSToolbox, converts agricultural data into useable management
information through data collection, analysis and reporting.

"The SST Crop Reflective Imaging System provides several advantages over other
airborne systems," Schiebe said. "Since a true reflectance image represents
properties of the crop only, it provides the basis to accurately quantify crop
attributes and derive information such as comparing crop condition over time."

This is accomplished by instrumentation that provides the ability to produce
true reflectance imagery.

"True reflectance imagery is corrected (normalized) for changing illumination
conditions such as sunlight, sun angle, and so forth," he said. "The scientific
base for this has been well researched and the Crop Reflectance Imaging System
equipment has been designed to accomplish this goal in a manner that is
economical and practical."

Another important distinction of the SST Crop Reflectance Imaging System is that
it is aircraft-based, and can be flown at will whenever and as often as the need
arises, Schiebe said. The images and associated data will be available to the
grower and their consultants immediately after the flights.

According to Davis, SST has plans to implement this system through its network
of SST Information Labs, a regionally based system of information processors of
agricultural geographic information system data.

"Fourteen labs are currently operating in 11 states and one in Queensland,
Australia," Davis said. "These Labs are providing information processing to
growers and their consultants and farm input suppliers."

SST has also gained financial support from Helena Chemical Co. to test the
prototype on the West Coast and in the Midwest.

"We are coordinating efforts with Helena to test the system in the San Joaquin
Valley where high value, intensively managed cultivated crops such as broccoli,
chilies, carrots, onions, and cotton are grown," Davis said. "In addition,
imagery will be acquired for permanent crops like grape vines, almonds, pecans,
and citrus."

SST Development Group has a regional office in Des Moines, Iowa. University
researchers and instructors, crop consultants, fertilizer dealers, farm
managers, and agronomists use SST's software for management of crops as diverse
as rice, citrus, blueberries, soybeans, sugar beets, corn, tomatoes, potatoes,
and Vidalia onions.

More than 30 people are employed in software and sensor development, support,
marketing, sales, customer technical support, and business operations.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

DeLauro Statement on U.S.-Brazil Cotton Case Settlement

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Rosa Delauro, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro (D-CT) released the following statement today on the
World Trade Organization settlement between the United States and Brazil over
cotton subsidies. DeLauro, a member of the subcommittee responsible for funding
the United States Department of Agriculture, is a longtime advocate for strong
nutrition programs that support the most vulnerable in our country.

"The United States never should have been in a situation where we have to pay
off Brazil while vulnerable families suffer. Our farm subsidies need serious
reform and the last Farm Bill simply extends the status quo. The best way to
resolve this issue is to remove our market-distorting cotton payments. Taking
food out of hungry people's mouths here at home while we subsidize Big
Agribusinesses makes no sense.

"Congress used to have a bipartisan commitment to funding nutrition programs. We
need to return to those days and ensure no American goes hungry."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday

Grants Available for Michigan's Specialty Groups

LENGTH: 314  words

DATELINE: New York



 Lansing:The Michigan Home has issued the following news release:



  The Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development today announced a
request for proposals through the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program from the
United States Department of Agriculture Agriculture Marketing Service. The grant
funding is contingent on the availability of funds from USDA.





 The program is designed to enhance the competitiveness of Michigan's specialty
crops. Grant proposals must be received by MDARD no later than 3 p.m. on
Thursday, April 6, 2017, by submitting them to MDA-grants@michigan.gov



 The grants, with a maximum award of $100,000, enhance the competitiveness of
the state 's specialty crops, including but not limited to the following:
promotion; marketing; research; nutrition; trade enhancement; food safety; food
security; plant health programs; education; increased knowledge and consumption;
increased innovation; improved efficiency and reduced costs of distribution
systems; environmental concerns and conservation; product development; good
agricultural practices; good handling practices; and good manufacturing
practices.

 Funding priority will be given to projects with a focus on Market Enhancement;
Research; and Training and Education.



 Eligible applicants include non-profit organizations; local, state, and federal
government entities; and for-profit organizations. The organizations must be
legal entities recognized by the IRS, and applicants must reside and/or conduct
their business or organization in Michigan. Applications should demonstrate how
the project will potentially produce measurable impacts for the specialty crop
industry as a whole, and exclusively benefit a specific product, single
organization, institution, or individual.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Nevada: USDA Invests New Conservation Funds to Improve Lake Erie Water Quality

LENGTH: 699  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

-Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today that $2 million in
conservation funds will be sent to Ohio to help implement conservation
techniques that will help improve water quality. The Secretary said USDA is also
partnering with the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation (NFWF) to expand
"boots-on-the-ground" capacity in the area and will be contributing an
additional $1 million in technical assistance which will in turn be leveraged by
the NFWF along with other public and private entities. Earlier this month, water
service in Toledo, Ohio was disrupted by algae blooms in Lake Erie.

The new funding is the latest contribution of resources to the Lake Erie
watershed from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), which has invested $46
million in the watershed since 2009.

"The voluntary conservation efforts supported by this new funding will help
improve water quality in Lake Erie," Vilsack said. "Many farmers have
consistently stepped up to the plate on efforts to protect our water and we want
to provide support and incentives for continued action. Along with these
resources, we will be offering technical and financial assistance through our
direct relationships with farmers, and by partnering with private and public
groups on continuing conservation efforts in the Great Lakes basin."

The Ohio Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS), an agency within the
U.S. Department of Agriculture, is accepting applications from farmers this week
for resources that will help with the planting of cover crops, which experts
agree offer the best protection to prevent soil and nutrient erosion in the next
season. The funding will be allocated to the Western Lake Erie Basin (WLEB) to
help farmers and partners accelerate water quality conservation activities to
benefit Lake Erie. NRCS will be providing up to $2 million in Environmental
Quality Incentive Program (EQIP) funds in Ohio for a targeted, one-week signup.
This signup will be focused on planting cover crops on vulnerable soils this
fall in order to reduce soil and nutrient loss from farm fields.

A number of factors contribute to algae blooms. Warm water, lack of agitation,
rainfall and runoff from farms, lawns, and other sources can all contribute to
the problem. Members of the scientific community believe that global warming is
contributing to earlier blooms, not just in waterways in the United States but
elsewhere. Conservation practices such as no-till reduce the amounts of sediment
and nutrients in run-off, which is also influenced by the amount of
precipitation and the time precipitation occurs. The U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency and the USDA are working together to assist producers in
efforts to reduce runoff by planting cover crops, controlling drainage and
constructing systems like anaerobic digesters to reduce the amount of untreated
effluent entering ditches, streams, rivers and lakes.

Last week, NRCS leadership met with more than 100 farmers, agricultural groups
and fertilizer dealers in Ohio to talk about the expertise USDA can offer and to
spread the word about the best conservation practices for the watershed.

"Farmers understand how recent events may impact them and are motivated to work
with us to reduce phosphorus run-off, starting now with the planting of
additional cover crops," NRCS Chief Jason Weller said. "We created this
opportunity for farmers who want to get cover on their fields quickly, and we
will continue to create complete nutrient management plans for long-term water
quality and sustainability practices."

Along with its ongoing conservation efforts that have contributed $46 million
since 2009, in May the Great Lakes Basin was also designated by Vilsack as a
critical conservation area, or CCA, in the new 2014 Farm Bill Regional
Conservation Partnership Program. That new program will invest $1.2 billion in
innovative conservation efforts through partnerships with non-federal entities,
who are expected to match the federal investment for a total of $2.4 billion in
conservation resources.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 4, 2013

Rural co-ops receive grant

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 203  words


Jasper Schneider, United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development state director, announced that Common Enterprise Development
Corporation (CEDC) and the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric
Cooperatives (NDaREC) were selected to each receive a $200,000 grant. The
funding will be used help rural cooperatives and small businesses expand, create
jobs and strengthen their capacity to serve residents and communities.

"Both the CEDC and NDaREC have a long track record of service in North Dakota,"
said Schneider. "These grants will help them provide resources to entities that
improve social and economic conditions in rural areas."

Funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Cooperative Development Grant
(RCDG) program. The grants are awarded to non-profit entities to create and
operate centers that help establish, grow or operate rural businesses,
especially cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses. These competitively
awarded grants may be used to conduct feasibility studies, create and implement
business plans, and help businesses develop new markets for their products and
services.

For more information on USDA programs, please call (701) 530-2037 or visit
www.rur-dev.usda.gov/nd.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2013 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     April 22, 1994, Friday, DAILY EDITION

U.S. farmers dig in over GATT

BYLINE: Kelly McParland

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 429 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


The Clinton administration has a new problem to face with America's restive
farmers.

Already pressing the administration to get tough with Canada over an array of
Canadian agricultural exports, farmers have notified the White House they don't
want to get stuck with the bill for the newly minted world trade pact, either.

Following approval of the pact in Marrakech, reports indicated President Bill
Clinton planned big cuts in farm programs to offset the estimated US$13.9
billion the U.S. will lose in tariff revenue.

A group of 21 agriculture organizations wrote Clinton to protest, and recruited
a powerful group of legislative allies who warned this week that congressional
approval of the agreement will be ''seriously complicated'' if farm programs are
slashed.

''You can't afford to lose 17 votes'' for the pact, Senate agriculture committee
chairman Patrick Leahy told U.S. Trade Representative Mickey Kantor, referring
to the number of senators supporting the farmers.

'HEAVY WINNERS'

Kantor promised that farmers ''will not pick up the tab'' for the agreement. But
he added that agriculture is a among the ''heavy winners'' in the pact and the
White House feels those who benefit should help carry the cost.

Administration officials say farmers will gain billions of dollars in new
exports to markets opened up in the pact.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates wheat exports will increase US$100
million a year by 2000 and US$600 million a year by 2005. Beef exports should
increase US$1.7 billion by 2005.

Opponents counter that agriculture budgets have been shrinking for years and
benefits will be reduced further because of subsidy reductions agreed to in the
pact.

''To many in my state it appears we've given up way too much in exchange for
much too little,'' said Montana Senator Max Baucus. ''We went to war without our
armor, and came back without our clothing.''

The farmers' opposition complicates Clinton's effort to win congressional
approval for the pact in time for it to take effect Jan. 1, as pledged.

The White House must produce a formula to replace the lost revenues before it
can send the deal to Congress. Republicans have opposed suggestions the
administration be granted a waiver on replacing the funds.

NO DECISIONS

Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy said the administration has not made any
decisions on farmers' share of the bill.

He said about 5% of the lost tariffs will come from agriculture products, and
indicated farmers will be expected to foot at least that much.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        DeWitt Era-Enterprise (Arkansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 10, 2013

Arkansas Agriculture Secretary Comments on Lack of Farm Bill

BYLINE: DeWitt Era-Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 216  words


Arkansas agriculture producers and rural communities are being impacted by the
expiration of the one-year extension of the 2008 Farm Bill and the government
shutdown. The lack of a farm bill leaves producers with no direction at a time
when they need to be making critical decisions about next year's crop. The
funding problems caused by the lack of a farm bill and the government shutdown
are causing cash-flow problems for producers and small businesses across the
state. Butch Calhoun, Secretary of Agriculture for Arkansas, said "our office
has received calls from farmers who have Farm Service Agency (FSA) farm loans
and cannot draw the funds they need to pay bills and other expenses associated
with harvest because the FSA offices are closed. Technical and financial
assistance from conservation programs such as the Conservation Reserve Program
(CRP) and Environmental Quality Incentive Program (EQIP) also stops. This lack
of funding creates a hardship on many local businesses expectinp to get paid
this month. Calhoun urges Congress to "pass the continuing resolution and get
back to work on a five year farm bill or a long term extension of the 2008 farm
bill that will provide a safety net for agriculture producers and all Americans
who benefit from the food and fiber they produce".

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DEW

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 DeWitt Era-Enterprise


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        DeWitt Era-Enterprise (Arkansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 10, 2013

Arkansas Agriculture Secretary Comments on Lack of Farm Bill

BYLINE: DeWitt Era-Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 216  words


Arkansas agriculture producers and rural communities are being impacted by the
expiration of the one-year extension of the 2008 Farm Bill and the government
shutdown. The lack of a farm bill leaves producers with no direction at a time
when they need to be making critical decisions about next year's crop. The
funding problems caused by the lack of a farm bill and the government shutdown
are causing cash-flow problems for producers and small businesses across the
state. Butch Calhoun, Secretary of Agriculture for Arkansas, said "our office
has received calls from farmers who have Farm Service Agency (FSA) farm loans
and cannot draw the funds they need to pay bills and other expenses associated
with harvest because the FSA offices are closed. Technical and financial
assistance from conservation programs such as the Conservation Reserve Program
(CRP) and Environmental Quality Incentive Program (EQIP) also stops. This lack
of funding creates a hardship on many local businesses expectinp to get paid
this month. Calhoun urges Congress to "pass the continuing resolution and get
back to work on a five year farm bill or a long term extension of the 2008 farm
bill that will provide a safety net for agriculture producers and all Americans
who benefit from the food and fiber they produce".

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DEW

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 DeWitt Era-Enterprise


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces Approximately $23 Million
Available for Citrus Greening Research

LENGTH: 723  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

At an Orlando grocery store filled with Florida citrus, Agriculture Secretary
Tom Vilsack today announced the availability of $23 million in USDA funding to
support research and extension projects for producers fighting citrus greening
disease. Huanglongbing (HLB), commonly known as citrus greening, threatens the
future viability of the citrus industry in the United States, having infected
more than 75 percent of the Florida citrus crop. This funding is available
through the Citrus Disease Research and Extension Program (CDRE), part of the
2014 Farm Bill.

"Citrus greening threatens citrus production in the United States and other
nations," said Vilsack. "It will take continued collaboration with growers,
state governments, and researchers to find viable solutions to end this harmful
disease. Only long-term solutions through research will help to stop this
disease that threatens the livelihoods of thousands of citrus producers and
workers and billions of dollars in sales."

Since the initial detection of Huanglongbing in Florida in 2005, the disease has
affected the vast majority of Florida's citrus-producing areas. HLB has also
been detected in Georgia, Louisiana, South Carolina, and small areas in Texas
and one residential tree in California. It has also been detected in Puerto
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and 14 states in Mexico. A total of 15 states or
territories are under full or partial quarantine due to the detected presence of
the Asian citrus psyllid, a vector for HLB: Alabama, American Samoa, Arizona,
California, Florida, Georgia, Guam, Hawaii, Louisiana, Mississippi, Northern
Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, South Carolina, Texas, and the U.S. Virgin
Islands.

The CDRE grants will be administered by the National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA). NIFA will give priority to projects that are multistate,
multi-institutional, or trans-disciplinary and include clearly defined
mechanisms to communicate results to producers. Successful applicants will be
expected to engage stakeholders to ensure solutions are commercially feasible.
Projects should also include an economic analysis of the costs associated with
proposed solutions.

In fiscal year 2014, NIFA awarded $23 million to fight citrus greening through
CDRE. Examples of funded projects include a grant to the University of Florida
to develop a bactericide that can be applied to infected citrus trees to reduce
or eliminate pathogens, a project at Kansas State University to develop a
therapeutic delivery system that will prevent Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus
from infecting plants or prevent the development of HLB in infected citrus, and
a grant at the University of California-Davis that focuses on using new genetic
approaches to managing the Asian citrus psyllid that causes HLB.

Pre-applications that include a Stakeholder Relevance Statement are due on June
1, 2015. Applicants who are invited to submit full applications based on an
industry relevancy review of the pre-applications will be required to submit
full applications by Aug. 14, 2015. See the request for applications on the NIFA
website for more information.

The SCRI program addresses critical needs of the specialty crop industry by
awarding grants to support research and extension activities that address key
challenges of national, regional, and multi-state importance in sustaining all
components of food and agriculture, including conventional and organic food
production systems.

The Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement
each provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief
to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access
to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative
public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made
products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to
help improve quality of life in rural America.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

California: APHIS Provides $57.8 Million in Fiscal Year 2017 to Protect
Agriculture through the 2014 Farm Bill Section 10007

LENGTH: 326  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   Last week, APHIS announced it is allocating $57,762,405 from Section 10007 of
the 2014 Farm Bill in Fiscal Year (FY) 2017 to strengthen the nation's
infrastructure for invasive pest detection and surveillance, identification, and
threat mitigation, and to safeguard the nursery production system. Funding will
support projects that prevent the introduction or spread of plant pests and
diseases that threaten U.S. agriculture and the environment and ensure the
availability of a healthy supply of clean plant stock in the United States.





 The 2014 Farm Bill Section 10007 authorizes $62.5 million per year through
Fiscal Year (FY) 2017 and $75 million per year in FY 2018 and beyond. These
funds were reduced by sequestration. At least $5 million of this funding must go
to the National Clean Plant Network each year.



 This money will support 513 projects provided to partners in 53 States,
territories, and the District of Columbia. These projects are critical in
preventing the introduction or spread of plant pests and diseases that threaten
U.S. agriculture and the environment. By working with States, Federal agencies,
nongovernmental organizations, universities, non-profits and Tribal
organizations, APHIS can leverage and extend its ability to protect, detect, and
respond to plant pests and diseases with projects identified at both local and
regional levels.



 You can view the FY 2017 spending plans for Section 10007 of the 2014 Farm Bill
on the APHIS Web site at www.aphis.usda.gov/farmbill. Included is the
$53,187,500 spending plan for Section 10007's Plant Pest and Disease Management
and Disaster Prevention Program projects and the $4,574,905 spending plan for
Section 10007's National Clean Plant Network projects.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           August 18, 2010, Wednesday

WVSU research awarded more than $1 million in capacity building grants

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P7

LENGTH: 293 words


Three West Virginia State University research scientists have been awarded grant
funding from the United States Department of Agriculture.

WVSU scientists submitted a total of 12 projects to the National Institute of
Food and Agriculture's 1890 Capacity Building Grants Program. The three grant
applications were selected from a total of 332 submissions nationwide and
awarded more than $1.14 million to fund research projects at WVSU.

Each project is scheduled to begin Sept. 1 and will continue through Aug. 30,
2013.

Dr. David Huber's project, "Implementing Metagenomics-Enabled Systems Analysis
to Engineer Energy Thresholds and Resilience in Microbial Bioenergy
Communities," will develop a systems analysis of model bioenergy bioreactors to
produce predictive models that explain key properties of energy thresholds and
resilience. This will help identify renewable bioenergy, produced from
agricultural, municipal and industrial waste biomass, providing further options
for meeting global energy needs.

Dr. Gerald Hankins' project, "Development of Value-Added Peppers Using
Genomic-Driven Association Mapping," addresses the increasing demand of
vegetables with high contents of health-promoting compounds in U.S. markets
through the study of specific peppers. This project will use a
multi-disciplinary approach to characterize Ají peppers along with annum peppers
for nutritional traits that may help reduce cancer and cardiovascular diseases.

Nimmakayala's research will focus on "Stories of Crop Evolution, Biodiversity,
Domestication and Methods of Genomic-Assisted Crop Improvement for Curricula
Development."

For more information about WVSU's agricultural and environmental research
program, contact Associate Director Robert J. Barney, 304-204-4318.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces Approximately $23 Million
Available for Citrus Greening Research

LENGTH: 775  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

ORLANDO, Fla., April 1, 2015 - At an Orlando grocery store filled with Florida
citrus, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the availability of
$23 million in USDA funding to support research and extension projects for
producers fighting citrus greening disease. Huanglongbing (HLB), commonly known
as citrus greening, threatens the future viability of the citrus industry in the
United States, having infected more than 75 percent of the Florida citrus crop.
This funding is available through the Citrus Disease Research and Extension
Program (CDRE), part of the 2014 Farm Bill.

"Citrus greening threatens citrus production in the United States and other
nations," said Vilsack. "It will take continued collaboration with growers,
state governments, and researchers to find viable solutions to end this harmful
disease. Only long-term solutions through research will help to stop this
disease that threatens the livelihoods of thousands of citrus producers and
workers and billions of dollars in sales."

Since the initial detection of Huanglongbing in Florida in 2005, the disease has
affected the vast majority of Florida's citrus-producing areas. HLB has also
been detected in Georgia, Louisiana, South Carolina, and small areas in Texas
and one residential tree in California. It has also been detected in Puerto
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and 14 states in Mexico. A total of 15 states or
territories are under full or partial quarantine due to the detected presence of
the Asian citrus psyllid, a vector for HLB: Alabama, American Samoa, Arizona,
California, Florida, Georgia, Guam, Hawaii, Louisiana, Mississippi, Northern
Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, South Carolina, Texas, and the U.S. Virgin
Islands.

The CDRE grants will be administered by the National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA). NIFA will give priority to projects that are multistate,
multi-institutional, or trans-disciplinary and include clearly defined
mechanisms to communicate results to producers. Successful applicants will be
expected to engage stakeholders to ensure solutions are commercially feasible.
Projects should also include an economic analysis of the costs associated with
proposed solutions.

In fiscal year 2014, NIFA awarded $23 million to fight citrus greening through
CDRE. Examples of funded projects include a grant to the University of Florida
to develop a bactericide that can be applied to infected citrus trees to reduce
or eliminate pathogens, a project at Kansas State University to develop a
therapeutic delivery system that will prevent Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus
from infecting plants or prevent the development of HLB in infected citrus, and
a grant at the University of California-Davis that focuses on using new genetic
approaches to managing the Asian citrus psyllid that causes HLB.

Pre-applications that include a Stakeholder Relevance Statement are due on June
1, 2015. Applicants who are invited to submit full applications based on an
industry relevancy review of the pre-applications will be required to submit
full applications by Aug. 14, 2015. See the request for applications on the NIFA
website for more information.

The SCRI program addresses critical needs of the specialty crop industry by
awarding grants to support research and extension activities that address key
challenges of national, regional, and multi-state importance in sustaining all
components of food and agriculture, including conventional and organic food
production systems.

The Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement
each provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief
to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access
to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative
public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made
products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to
help improve quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future. For more information,
visit www.nifa.usda.gov.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

Washington: European Grapevine Moth Cooperative Eradication Program: A Model for
Fighting Future Invasive Species Threats

LENGTH: 561  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 I was thrilled to celebrate with key partners and contributors in Napa County,
California, recently at an event to recognize the critical safeguarding
accomplishment we achieved together, that of eradicating the invasive European
grapevine moth (EGVM) from the United States.





 Leaders from the USDA, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS), the
California Department of Food and Agriculture (CDFA), and the California County
Agricultural Commissioners came together with growers and industry
representatives, who found and implemented the right tools to safeguard
California grapes. In front of these critical partners, I was proud to recognize
the extraordinary individual and group contributions that made the eradication
of EGVM possible.



 The keys to success were early detection, our rapid response, and a strong
collaboration between federal, state and local officials, growers, university
scientists and extension services. Such partnerships remain critical to our
ability to safeguard agriculture and facilitate safe trade.



 EGVM was first detected in a Napa Valley vineyard in 2009. Subsequent surveys
detected the moth in 11 California counties, seriously threatening California's
$4 billion grape crop, a crop which also generates more than $57 billion
annually for the State. The pest also jeopardized valuable export markets for
U.S. grapes, as well as for stone fruit, another EGVM host.Congressional support
and funding was another critical element to EGVM program success. California
U.S. Representative Mike Thompson was at the event to thank partners for
protecting the grape industry and California's agricultural economy. "From the
$65 million in federal funding that I was proud to help secure, to the extensive
surveying and regulatory work done by state officials, to the research and
development of the pheromone that kept these moths from mating, to our growers
who cooperated with control efforts - the eradication of the European Grapevine
moth was a team effort in every sense," he told the assembled group.



 That team included a Technical Working Group of scientific and technical
experts from the U.S. government, universities in California, Italy, and Chile,
and the California grape industry. With their help, APHIS and its partners had
the best available science and data with which to design an eradication program
that produced results by closely involving growers and the community.



 In fact, CDFA Secretary Karen Ross told us that the growers and their
communities deserve the lion's share of the credit for eradicating the EGVM. She
said, "They formed and sustained the cooperative effort with our agencies that
ultimately achieved this goal. We are gathering to celebrate this mutual
achievement, but perhaps more importantly we are here to say how proud we are of
the partnership that got us here - a partnership that remains ready to respond
to the next threat to venture into our vineyards."



 And she is right. APHIS, the grape industry, the State of California, county,
universities, and our fellow Federal cooperators will remain vigilant by
continuing to monitor for EGVM and other grape pests.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 24, 2011

National Sorghum Producers Defends As Budget on Capitol Hill

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 293  words


As Congress looks to reduce funding to lower the federal deficit, agriculture
has once again found itself at the forefront of the chopping block.

National Sorghum Producers joined 132 other agricultural organizations today in
a letter to President Barack Obama, Democratic Majority Leader Harry Reid and
Speaker of the House John Boehner expressing strong opposition to any deficit
reduction package that would disproportionately impact America's farmers and
ranchers.

The letter states, "We have expressed a willingness to shoulder a proportionate
share of budget reductions in relation to the share of the budget devoted to
farm and ranch assistance. In fact, we may have been the only sector to step
forward, despite our having already been cut three times in the past six years,
most recently with significant cuts to crop insurance.

"While our members support efforts to bring down the deficit and debt in an
orderly and comprehensive manner, we cannot in good faith support deficit
reduction efforts that target U.S. farmers and ranchers for disproportionately
large cuts to the small percentage of the mandatory budget devoted to supporting
agriculture."

A copy of the letter can be found at www.sorghumgrowers.com.

Concurrently, the House today began consideration of the FY 12 Agriculture
Appropriations Bill (H.R. 2112) with no limitation on the number of amendments
that can be offered. Several harmful amendments to agriculture are already on
the table, including two amendments that would destroy or severely cripple the
Foreign Agriculture Service (FAS). Also proposed, is an amendment to reduce
funding to the USDA Economic Research Service (ERS) by $7 million and an
amendment to cut $7.5 million from the USDA Agricultural Marketing Service
(AMS).

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 Kiowa County Press


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

FLORIDA:Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces Approximately $23 Million
Available for Citrus Greening Research

LENGTH: 771  words

DATELINE: Orlando


Nursery Growers and Landscape Association Florida has issued the following news
release:

At an Orlando grocery store filled with Florida citrus, Agriculture Secretary
Tom Vilsack today announced the availability of $23 million in USDA funding to
support research and extension projects for producers fighting citrus greening
disease. Huanglongbing (HLB), commonly known as citrus greening, threatens the
future viability of the citrus industry in the United States, having infected
more than 75 percent of the Florida citrus crop. This funding is available
through the Citrus Disease Research and Extension Program (CDRE), part of the
2014 Farm Bill.

"Citrus greening threatens citrus production in the United States and other
nations," said Vilsack. "It will take continued collaboration with growers,
state governments, and researchers to find viable solutions to end this harmful
disease. Only long-term solutions through research will help to stop this
disease that threatens the livelihoods of thousands of citrus producers and
workers and billions of dollars in sales."

Since the initial detection of Huanglongbing in Florida in 2005, the disease has
affected the vast majority of Florida's citrus-producing areas. HLB has also
been detected in Georgia, Louisiana, South Carolina, and small areas in Texas
and one residential tree in California. It has also been detected in Puerto
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and 14 states in Mexico. A total of 15 states or
territories are under full or partial quarantine due to the detected presence of
the Asian citrus psyllid, a vector for HLB: Alabama, American Samoa, Arizona,
California, Florida, Georgia, Guam, Hawaii, Louisiana, Mississippi, Northern
Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, South Carolina, Texas, and the U.S. Virgin
Islands.

The CDRE grants will be administered by the National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA). NIFA will give priority to projects that are multistate,
multi-institutional, or trans-disciplinary and include clearly defined
mechanisms to communicate results to producers. Successful applicants will be
expected to engage stakeholders to ensure solutions are commercially feasible.
Projects should also include an economic analysis of the costs associated with
proposed solutions.

In fiscal year 2014, NIFA awarded $23 million to fight citrus greening through
CDRE. Examples of funded projects include a grant to the University of Florida
to develop a bactericide that can be applied to infected citrus trees to reduce
or eliminate pathogens, a project at Kansas State University to develop a
therapeutic delivery system that will prevent Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus
from infecting plants or prevent the development of HLB in infected citrus, and
a grant at the University of California-Davis that focuses on using new genetic
approaches to managing the Asian citrus psyllid that causes HLB.

Pre-applications that include a Stakeholder Relevance Statement are due on June
1, 2015. Applicants who are invited to submit full applications based on an
industry relevancy review of the pre-applications will be required to submit
full applications by Aug. 14, 2015. See the request for applications on the NIFA
website for more information.

The SCRI program addresses critical needs of the specialty crop industry by
awarding grants to support research and extension activities that address key
challenges of national, regional, and multi-state importance in sustaining all
components of food and agriculture, including conventional and organic food
production systems.

The Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement
each provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief
to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access
to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative
public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made
products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to
help improve quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future. For more information,
visit www.nifa.usda.gov.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           January 15, 2011 Saturday

USA: State Schools Chief Tom Torlakson Praises New School Meal Guidelines,
Expresses Concern about Funding Gap

LENGTH: 348  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Sacramento, Jan. 15 -- The State Of California has issued Following press
release:

State Superintendent of Public Instruction Tom Torlakson today praised proposed
stronger federal school meal nutrition standards but expressed concerns that
unless accompanied by more funding, compliance would be a challenge for schools.

"The United States Department of Agriculture has proposed cordon bleu standards
but so far Congress has provided only fast-food funding," Torlakson said.

Fifty-five percent of California's 6.2 million students receive free or
reduced-price meals.

Torlakson, who as a legislator authored legislation to improve student nutrition
and fitness, said the proposed federal guidelines to reduce sodium in school
meals, increase consumption of whole grains, fresh fruits, and low-fat milk were
long overdue.

"This is the right recipe for providing healthier meals to students," Torlakson
said. "But the question is, how do schools pay the bill?"

Torlakson noted that the Department of Agriculture itself estimates the new
standards would cost schools an additional 64 cents per student per day for both
breakfast and lunch, but the reimbursement increase is only 6 cents - leaving a
58-cent funding gap.

Torlakson, who last week declared a state of financial emergency in California's
schools after three years of budget cuts totaling $18 billion, said he would
work with the Obama administration to persuade Congress to provide schools the
resources they need. He said he wants to be sure the funding gap doesn't lead
school districts to eliminate school breakfast programs.

"Study after study tells us that breakfast is the most important meal of the
day, and we can't afford to go backward on the progress we've made in ensuring
that our students get a meal that improves their learning and good health,"
Torlakson said.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Mouse River Journal (Towner, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 3, 2015

Gooseneck Implement receives $1 million loan

BYLINE: Mouse River Journal staff

LENGTH: 398  words


SRT Communications presented Moure Equipment, dba Gooseneck Implement, with a
check for $1 million from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Utilities
Service program (RUS). The RUS Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program
(REDLG) allows utilities to serve as a pass through to local businesses with
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. SRT previously
received RUS funding for telecommunications projects and is able to serve as the
lending agent for this zero interest loan. The $1 million loan is being tised to
partially fund Gooseneck Implement's Velva Store, which opened on April 1, 2015
and features 39,800 square feet, of which approximately 16,000 square feet is
dedicated to a showroom and 23,800 square feet to house the service department
and parts department. In addition, the store created 7 new jobs..

"SRT's Board of Directors recognizes the importance of a rural development
program such as this. Not only has our own cooperative been a past recipient of
RUS funding to develop our own infrastructure but we are now also able to help
create more jobs in one of the communities we serve," said Steve Lysne, SRT CEO
& General Manager. "We understand the unique funding opportunity that presents
us and are proud to partner with Gooseneck Implement." This is the second REDLG
project SRT has administered.

"Our investment into a new facility in Velva confirms our commitment to the
community, our employees, and our customers, and will position us to remain
relevant in the agricultural industry long-term," said Jamie Melgaard, Gooseneck
CEO & General Manager. "We are extremely excited to provide our employees a
safer, more productive work environment, which in turn will enable us to provide
better support to our customers."

SRT Communications is the state's largest telephone cooperative. SRT has served
the telecommunications needs of north central North Dakota since 1951, employs
more than 200 people, and serves over 48,000 customers.

Gooseneck Implement is a multi-store location John Deere dealership with
locations in Minot, Kenmare, Mohall, Stanley, Velva, Rugby, Harvey and
Williston. The company has sold agricultural machinery and provided support in
sales, parts and service to area farmers since 1974. Gooseneck made an
investment in the community of Velva to meet the needs of our customers for
today and into the future.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSE

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Mouse River Journal


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                      May 21, 2003 Wednesday Final Edition

Israel promotes partnerships: Research projects could investigate agriculture
issues

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

BYLINE: Vito Pilieci

SECTION: Business; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 329 words

A leading Israeli scientist met with officials from Agriculture Canada yesterday
to explore possible research partnerships.

Eli Putievsky, head of Israel's Agricultural Research Organization, said similar
partnerships with China and the United States prompted the creation of three new
types of annual garden flowers and explored the genetic properties of paprika.

While the research may sound trivial, Mr. Putievsky said it can lead to
scientific breakthroughs. By examining sugar in watermelons, Israeli researchers
discovered an enzyme that is capable of changing Type A blood to Type O.

"This means we can take A and put the enzyme in the blood and inject it into
people who need O," said Mr. Putievsky. "We started with watermelon."

The partnerships are also crucial to ensure the future of agricultural research,
he said.

The Israeli-Chinese partnership created a $150,000 pool of funding for
scientists. The Israel-U.S. partnership created a pool of more than $90.5
million.

"My dream about Canada is to do what we did in the United States," said Mr.
Putievsky. "There are so many common subjects that we can work together on. The
first steps will be to build up a working group."

Mr. Putievsky said the two countries could collaborate on farming issues, such
as computerized monitoring of crops, which could help farmers by watering and
fertilizing only those crops that need it. The computerized system could also
warn farmers of potential dangers to their crops, such as temperature
fluctuations or swarms of insects.

"You can save the expenses of the farmer on one side and decrease the pollution
of the water and the soil on the other end," said Mr. Putievsky.

Mr. Putievsky said officials from Agriculture Canada were excited about the idea
of a research partnership. While talks are still in their earliest stages, Mr.
Putievsky hopes to have a working group of 12 scientists -- six Canadian and six
Israeli -- together by the fall.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Chris Mikula, The Ottawa Citizen; Eli Putievsky is Israel's
chief scientist. He is in Canada presenting some unique ideas on computers and
farming.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 15, 2011

Perdue gives $200,000 to new food safety program;
Delaware Tech to begin courses this fall

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 420  words


In an effort to kickstart a new food safety program, Perdue donated $200,000 to
Delaware Tech July 13 in Georgetown.

The new food safety associate's degree program at Delaware Technical & Community
College, Owens Campus, was a collaboration between university personnel, the
Delaware Department of Agriculture and Agriculture Secretary Ed Kee, a panel of
experts and now made possible with private funding from Perdue.

"It's great to be at a point to say we are enrolling students," said Ileana
Smith, vice president and campus director for Delaware Tech. "Thanks to the
Perdue grant and other funding we will begin construction on two new science
labs."

Slated to begin this fall, the two new science labs will be constructed in an
existing courtyard at the Jason Technology building in Georgetown. The 24
students starting this fall in the first food safety classes will be able to use
the new labs during their second year.

"We needed state support, federal funding and also private funding to help make
it a reality,"

Smith said. "This is the second program of its kind in the nation. Only Florida
is ahead of us."

The college hopes to offer noncredit courses for existing workers in the future,
in addition to the associate's degree program. The funding was provided through
the Arthur W. Perdue Foundation and several Perdue executives were on hand July
13 in Georgetown to announce the grant, including Perdue Chairman Jim Perdue.

"The foundation always gives to education in communities where we have a
presence," Perdue said. "We expect results. We want top-notch folks to come and
help us."

Perdue said the new food safety program is coming at a time when it is critical
for commerciaood companies to be sure the food they are providing is safe. With
multiple food-borne illness outbreaks around the globe, Perdue said his company
wants to provide a quality product and student-graduates from this program will
help meet that goal.

"We need the students you are going to be putting out," Perdue said. "We are
proud to work with the state of Delaware and excited about these kinds of
efforts that will help the industry, help us and help the school here."

Trish Rodriguez, a member of the Delaware Tech development council, said the
council works hard to choose programs where students can easily find jobs.

"We find the jobs and then provide the education," Rodriguez said. "Especially
in this economy, it is hard to find jobs, but with the community college
education when students graduate, the jobs should be waiting."

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2011 Cape Gazette


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        West Lyon Herald (Inwood, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 25, 2013

Funds available for water quality projects

BYLINE: West Lyon Herald staff

LENGTH: 323  words


DES MOINES -- Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Bill Northey today encouraged
eligible groups to apply for grants to support projects that will improve water
quality in the state. Approximately $3 million is available through the
Watershed Improvement Review Board to support qualifying projects.

Funds are available to local watershed improvement committees, soil and water
conservation districts, public water supply utilities, county conservation
boards, cities and counties.

Funds are typically matched with other funds by the organizations receiving
assistance and will support a variety of projects across the state focusing on
protecting water quality and improving the health of the state's waterway.

Projects eligible for funding include, but are not limited to, those addressing
agricultural runoff and drainage, flood prevention, stream bank erosion,
municipal discharge, storm water runoff, unsewered communities, industrial
discharge and livestock runoff. At least half the funds, or $1.5 million, must
be used to support projects focused on implementing the Iowa Water Quality
Initiative.

Each project can request up to $300,000 in funding over three years.

Potential applicants should review the RFA in full at
www.iowaagriculture.gov/IWIRB.asp to make sure their proposal qualifies.

All applications are due on Tuesday, October 15, 2013 and will be reviewed on
November 8 by the Watershed Improvement Review Board. The Board is comprised of
representatives from agriculture, drinking water and wastewater utilities,
environmental organizations, agribusiness, the conservation community along with
two state senators and two state representatives. A funding announcement is
expected to be made in November.

Application materials can be downloaded from the Iowa Department of Agriculture
and Land Stewardship website at www.iowaagriculture.gov/IWIRB.asp. To receive
more information or ask questions, contact Jerry Neppel at 515-281-3599.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLY

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 West Lyon Herald


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             July 3, 2013 Wednesday
                              WED REGIONAL Edition

Groups fighting killing of horses

BYLINE: Alan Scher Zagier

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 404 words


COLUMBIA, MO. Animal protection groups are suing the U.S. Department of
Agriculture to try to block the revival of domestic horse slaughter at
commercial processing plants.

The Humane Society of the United States, Front Range Equine Rescue of Larkspur,
three other groups and five individuals filed a federal lawsuit Monday seeking
an emergency injunction to overturn the USDA's recent permit approval for a
horse meat plant in Roswell, N.M. Four of the named plaintiffs are Roswell
residents; the fifth lives in Gallatin, Mo., where a Rains Natural Meats equine
slaughterhouse could next receive federal approval.

The federal agency approved a horse slaughter plant Tuesday in Sigourney, Iowa,
and expects to endorse another request later this week. The Humane Society's
lawsuit named prospective processing plants in Gallatin and Rockville, Mo.;
Woodbury, Tenn.; and Washington, Okla.

Horse slaughterhouses last operated in the U.S. in 2007 before Congress banned
the practice by eliminating funding for plant inspections. Federal lawmakers
restored those cuts in 2011, but the USDA has been slow in granting permits,
citing the need to re establish an oversight program. In a written statement
Tuesday, the agency said it was legally required to approve Responsible
Transportation's plant in southeast Iowa.

Congress could still cut funding for horse slaughterhouse inspections,
effectively reinstating the ban. Both the House and Senate agriculture
committees have endorsed such proposals, and the Obama administration's proposed
budget for the next fiscal year also eliminates that funding. Another bill would
ban U.S. horse slaughter facilities while prohibiting exports.

While most Americans would blanch at the prospects of eating horse burgers or
steaks, the processors plan to serve overseas markets.

The 36 page petition to the U.S. District Court in San Francisco alleged the
USDA didn't prepare required environmental reviews for Valley Meat Co.'s horse
meat plant in southeastern New Mexico or for any of the pending requests. Its
lawsuit cites negative environmental consequences caused by horse slaughter,
including air and water pollution.

The lawsuit alleges the animals can be fed drugs and medication not fit for
human consumption because horses in the U.S. "are not raised in regulated
industries conscious of public health and safety concerns, but rather in private
homes, on racetracks and as working animals."

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Utah: U.S. Agriculture Secretary Appoints USU VP of Research to National Board

LENGTH: 564  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


The University of Utah, The state of Utah has issued the following news release:

United States Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack named Utah State
University Vice President for Research and Dean of the School of Graduate
Studies, Mark McClellan, as one of eight individuals to serve on the National
Agricultural Research, Extension, Education and Economics (NAREEE) Advisory
Board.

The NAREEE Advisory Board advises the Secretary of Agriculture and land-grant
colleges and universities on top national priorities and policies for food and
agricultural research, education, extension and economics.

McClellan will serve on the NAREEE board as a representative for the National
Food Science Organization and is a re-appointment.

"My experience on the NAREEE Board has given me an opportunity to look at
critical national policies regarding agricultural research," McClellan said. "As
I enter my second term on the board we will be looking at big data
opportunities, balance between public and private funding of research and open
access to federally funded data -- among many other issues."

McClellan said his board experience allows him to bring an intimate
understanding of how the farm bill implementation in research impacts the
researchers and producers to the benefit of USU and the state of Utah and its
agriculture.

"My colleagues on the board are exceptional representatives of many groups and
are all passionate for a sustainable, efficient and effective agricultural
production system in the United States," said McClellan.

The NAREEE board holds stakeholder listening sessions, reviews draft guidance
for competitive-grant programs, advises the Agriculture Research Service on its
scientific peer review process for national programs, conducts an annual review
of all agricultural research, Extension or education activities conducted or
funded by the department for relevance to national priorities and adequacy of
funding and advises the USDA's Research, Education and Economics (REE) mission
area in the development of its draft strategic plan.

"The board members represent a wide-variety of experience and their expertise
ensures USDA and the land-grant colleges and universities are continual prepared
to meet current and future challenges," said Vilsack.

Each of the 25 NAREEE Advisory Board members represents a specific category of
U.S. Agricultural stakeholders as outlined in the 2008 Food, Energy and
Conservation Act, such as farming or ranching, food production and processing
and forestry research, among many others.
Most recently, the NAREEE Advisory Board conducted an open, public meeting on
October 21-23, 2014 in Washington, D.C. The board successfully approved a report
and recommendations on the balance of crop research and held an extensive
discussion on the annual relevancy and adequacy review of the REE programs and
activities.

For additional information, please contact Michele Esch, Executive Director, REE
Advisory Board Office, Room 332A, Whitten Building, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue, SW, STOP 3401, Washington, DC 20250-0321,
Telephone: 202-720-3684, Fax: 202-720-6199, or e-mail: michele.esch@ars.usda.gov

Contact: United States Department of Agriculture Office of Communications,
201-720-4623


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Utah: U.S. Agriculture Secretary Appoints USU VP of Research to National Board

LENGTH: 564  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


The University of Utah, The state of Utah has issued the following news release:

United States Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack named Utah State
University Vice President for Research and Dean of the School of Graduate
Studies, Mark McClellan, as one of eight individuals to serve on the National
Agricultural Research, Extension, Education and Economics (NAREEE) Advisory
Board.

The NAREEE Advisory Board advises the Secretary of Agriculture and land-grant
colleges and universities on top national priorities and policies for food and
agricultural research, education, extension and economics.

McClellan will serve on the NAREEE board as a representative for the National
Food Science Organization and is a re-appointment.

"My experience on the NAREEE Board has given me an opportunity to look at
critical national policies regarding agricultural research," McClellan said. "As
I enter my second term on the board we will be looking at big data
opportunities, balance between public and private funding of research and open
access to federally funded data -- among many other issues."

McClellan said his board experience allows him to bring an intimate
understanding of how the farm bill implementation in research impacts the
researchers and producers to the benefit of USU and the state of Utah and its
agriculture.

"My colleagues on the board are exceptional representatives of many groups and
are all passionate for a sustainable, efficient and effective agricultural
production system in the United States," said McClellan.

The NAREEE board holds stakeholder listening sessions, reviews draft guidance
for competitive-grant programs, advises the Agriculture Research Service on its
scientific peer review process for national programs, conducts an annual review
of all agricultural research, Extension or education activities conducted or
funded by the department for relevance to national priorities and adequacy of
funding and advises the USDA's Research, Education and Economics (REE) mission
area in the development of its draft strategic plan.

"The board members represent a wide-variety of experience and their expertise
ensures USDA and the land-grant colleges and universities are continual prepared
to meet current and future challenges," said Vilsack.

Each of the 25 NAREEE Advisory Board members represents a specific category of
U.S. Agricultural stakeholders as outlined in the 2008 Food, Energy and
Conservation Act, such as farming or ranching, food production and processing
and forestry research, among many others.
Most recently, the NAREEE Advisory Board conducted an open, public meeting on
October 21-23, 2014 in Washington, D.C. The board successfully approved a report
and recommendations on the balance of crop research and held an extensive
discussion on the annual relevancy and adequacy review of the REE programs and
activities.

For additional information, please contact Michele Esch, Executive Director, REE
Advisory Board Office, Room 332A, Whitten Building, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue, SW, STOP 3401, Washington, DC 20250-0321,
Telephone: 202-720-3684, Fax: 202-720-6199, or e-mail: michele.esch@ars.usda.gov

Contact: United States Department of Agriculture Office of Communications,
201-720-4623


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Utah: U.S. Agriculture Secretary Appoints USU VP of Research to National Board

LENGTH: 564  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


The University of Utah, The state of Utah has issued the following news release:

United States Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack named Utah State
University Vice President for Research and Dean of the School of Graduate
Studies, Mark McClellan, as one of eight individuals to serve on the National
Agricultural Research, Extension, Education and Economics (NAREEE) Advisory
Board.

The NAREEE Advisory Board advises the Secretary of Agriculture and land-grant
colleges and universities on top national priorities and policies for food and
agricultural research, education, extension and economics.

McClellan will serve on the NAREEE board as a representative for the National
Food Science Organization and is a re-appointment.

"My experience on the NAREEE Board has given me an opportunity to look at
critical national policies regarding agricultural research," McClellan said. "As
I enter my second term on the board we will be looking at big data
opportunities, balance between public and private funding of research and open
access to federally funded data -- among many other issues."

McClellan said his board experience allows him to bring an intimate
understanding of how the farm bill implementation in research impacts the
researchers and producers to the benefit of USU and the state of Utah and its
agriculture.

"My colleagues on the board are exceptional representatives of many groups and
are all passionate for a sustainable, efficient and effective agricultural
production system in the United States," said McClellan.

The NAREEE board holds stakeholder listening sessions, reviews draft guidance
for competitive-grant programs, advises the Agriculture Research Service on its
scientific peer review process for national programs, conducts an annual review
of all agricultural research, Extension or education activities conducted or
funded by the department for relevance to national priorities and adequacy of
funding and advises the USDA's Research, Education and Economics (REE) mission
area in the development of its draft strategic plan.

"The board members represent a wide-variety of experience and their expertise
ensures USDA and the land-grant colleges and universities are continual prepared
to meet current and future challenges," said Vilsack.

Each of the 25 NAREEE Advisory Board members represents a specific category of
U.S. Agricultural stakeholders as outlined in the 2008 Food, Energy and
Conservation Act, such as farming or ranching, food production and processing
and forestry research, among many others.
Most recently, the NAREEE Advisory Board conducted an open, public meeting on
October 21-23, 2014 in Washington, D.C. The board successfully approved a report
and recommendations on the balance of crop research and held an extensive
discussion on the annual relevancy and adequacy review of the REE programs and
activities.

For additional information, please contact Michele Esch, Executive Director, REE
Advisory Board Office, Room 332A, Whitten Building, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue, SW, STOP 3401, Washington, DC 20250-0321,
Telephone: 202-720-3684, Fax: 202-720-6199, or e-mail: michele.esch@ars.usda.gov

Contact: United States Department of Agriculture Office of Communications,
201-720-4623


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Utah: U.S. Agriculture Secretary Appoints USU VP of Research to National Board

LENGTH: 564  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


The University of Utah, The state of Utah has issued the following news release:

United States Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack named Utah State
University Vice President for Research and Dean of the School of Graduate
Studies, Mark McClellan, as one of eight individuals to serve on the National
Agricultural Research, Extension, Education and Economics (NAREEE) Advisory
Board.

The NAREEE Advisory Board advises the Secretary of Agriculture and land-grant
colleges and universities on top national priorities and policies for food and
agricultural research, education, extension and economics.

McClellan will serve on the NAREEE board as a representative for the National
Food Science Organization and is a re-appointment.

"My experience on the NAREEE Board has given me an opportunity to look at
critical national policies regarding agricultural research," McClellan said. "As
I enter my second term on the board we will be looking at big data
opportunities, balance between public and private funding of research and open
access to federally funded data -- among many other issues."

McClellan said his board experience allows him to bring an intimate
understanding of how the farm bill implementation in research impacts the
researchers and producers to the benefit of USU and the state of Utah and its
agriculture.

"My colleagues on the board are exceptional representatives of many groups and
are all passionate for a sustainable, efficient and effective agricultural
production system in the United States," said McClellan.

The NAREEE board holds stakeholder listening sessions, reviews draft guidance
for competitive-grant programs, advises the Agriculture Research Service on its
scientific peer review process for national programs, conducts an annual review
of all agricultural research, Extension or education activities conducted or
funded by the department for relevance to national priorities and adequacy of
funding and advises the USDA's Research, Education and Economics (REE) mission
area in the development of its draft strategic plan.

"The board members represent a wide-variety of experience and their expertise
ensures USDA and the land-grant colleges and universities are continual prepared
to meet current and future challenges," said Vilsack.

Each of the 25 NAREEE Advisory Board members represents a specific category of
U.S. Agricultural stakeholders as outlined in the 2008 Food, Energy and
Conservation Act, such as farming or ranching, food production and processing
and forestry research, among many others.
Most recently, the NAREEE Advisory Board conducted an open, public meeting on
October 21-23, 2014 in Washington, D.C. The board successfully approved a report
and recommendations on the balance of crop research and held an extensive
discussion on the annual relevancy and adequacy review of the REE programs and
activities.

For additional information, please contact Michele Esch, Executive Director, REE
Advisory Board Office, Room 332A, Whitten Building, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue, SW, STOP 3401, Washington, DC 20250-0321,
Telephone: 202-720-3684, Fax: 202-720-6199, or e-mail: michele.esch@ars.usda.gov

Contact: United States Department of Agriculture Office of Communications,
201-720-4623


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 BBC Monitoring Former Soviet Union - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             June 9, 2010 Wednesday

EU, US should counter Afghan drugs like Columbian cocaine - Russian official

LENGTH: 147 words


Text of report in English by corporate-owned Russian military news agency
Interfax-AVN website

Moscow, 9 June: EU and US funding of alternative agriculture in Afghanistan is
useless without efficient measures to destroy drug crops, Viktor Ivanov from the
Russian Federal Drug Control Service has said.

"The funding of alternative agriculture unaccompanied by efficient measures to
destroy drug crops is a stalemate," Ivanov told an international forum on Afghan
drugs on Wednesday [9 June].

The European Union and United States annually donate around 50m dollars for
alternative agriculture in Afghanistan, which does not reduce the number of drug
crops, he said.

"In Columbia, annual expenses amounting to 50m dollars accompanied by
eradication of cocaine plants give a brilliant effect," Ivanov said.

Source: Interfax-AVN military news agency website, Moscow, in English 1155 gmt 9
Jun 10

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 16, 2017 Thursday

NMSU hosts national USDA Hispanic-Serving Institution meeting

LENGTH: 619  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albuquerque: University of New Mexico, New Mexico has issued the following News
Release:
 The New Mexico State University College of Agricultural, Consumer and
Environmental Sciences will host nearly 250 researchers and students for a
national meeting Feb. 16 to 18 in Albuquerque.





 Man in yellow shirt, black jacket

 New Mexico State University College of Agricultural, Consumer and Environmental
Sciences Dean Rolando Flores is one of the keynote speakers at a national United
States Department of Agriculture meeting hosted by NMSU in Albuquerque Feb.
16-18. The USDA Hispanic-Serving Institution meeting is being held on behalf of
the National Institute of Food and Agriculture. (Courtesy photo)



 The United States Department of Agriculture Hispanic-Serving Institution
meeting will take place at the Sheraton Albuquerque Uptown. Held on behalf of
the National Institute of Food and Agriculture, the meeting is in Washington,
D.C., every other year and is hosted by an HSI grantee every other year.



 The theme of this year's meeting is "Workforce Diversity and Career
Opportunities."



 NMSU Regents Professor Martha Desmond, who represents the university in the
Southwest Natural Resource Career Tracks program, is coordinating and hosting
the meeting. The SWNRCT program is a collaboration among HSIs in the Southwest
United States.



 "Workforce diversity is an important and timely topic, and we've worked hard to
generate thoughtful discussion opportunities on the topic," Desmond said.



 Desmond, who teaches in the NMSU Department of Fish, Wildlife and Conservation
Ecology, said this year's conference marks the 20th anniversary for HSI funding.




 Approximately 100 principal investigators and 150 students from HSIs across the
country will attend.



 Workshops and sessions Feb. 16 are offered specifically for students or for
professionals. Representatives from the following agencies will be present:

 - Agricultural Research Service

 - Animal and Health Inspection Service

 - ARS-Beltsville Internship Program

 - Bureau of Land Management

 - Farm Service

 - National Institute of Food and Agriculture

 - Natural Resource Conservation Service

 - National Science Foundation

 - Rural Development

 - U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service

 - U.S. Forest Service



 For students, Thursday also includes information about networking in the
digital age, conflict management, land grants, applying to graduate school and
resume development.



 The day concludes with a poster presentation.



 "I was pleased to learn that 75 students will present posters," Desmond said.
"That's a high number. Those students will participate in the poster
competition, which involves judging, events and awards."



 Feb. 17 consists of a formal workforce diversity symposium and four featured
speakers, including NMSU College of ACES Dean Rolando Flores. His topic of
discussion is "Why is diversity important in an agricultural setting?"



 Other keynote speakers Friday include Jessie DeAro of the National Science
Foundation, whose topic is "Federal Funding Agencies' Role in Workforce
Diversity," and Jacqueline Padrón of the Hispanic-Serving Institutions National
Program, whose topic is "Overview of USDA Workforce Diversity."



 The meeting concludes Feb. 18 with workshops about development of leadership
skills and success.



 In order to have HSI status, universities must serve 25 percent or more
Hispanic student enrollment. The Hispanic Association of Colleges and
Universities works with members of Congress to recognize the contributions of
Hispanic-Serving Institutions in their communities. NMSU became a member of HACU
in 1989.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Western Kansas World (Wakeeny, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 29, 2015

Money Available for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers

BYLINE: Western Kansas World staff

LENGTH: 259  words


The US Department of Agriculture announced more than $18 million in funding
available to support training, mentoring, and development of beginning farmers
and ranchers through the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program.

We helped create and advocate for this program in the 2002 Farm Bill. It was
finally funded in the 2008 Farm Bill.

The need was clear then and remains so today. A number of beginning farmers and
ranchers don't have direct roots to agriculture. While they yearn for the
honest, hard work you find in farming or ranching, they need help learning the
ropes.

The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program awards grants to
organizations implementing programs to train beginning farmers and ranchers.
Funding includes support for workshops, farmer-to-farmer mentoring, and
technical assistance.

Since the program was first funded and put on the ground in 2009, 145 awards
have been made. That's more than $71 million dedicated to giving the next
generation of farmers and ranchers the know-how to succeed.

A focus on projects for veteran beginning farmers and ranchers has been added
this time. It joins previous set-asides for socially-disadvantaged,
limited-resource, or farmworkers who want a start in agriculture.

Organizations experienced in serving beginning farmers and ranchers must submit
their applications by March 13, 2015. If you are a beginning farmer or rancher
looking to find training and mentoring opportunities, call us at 402.687.2100 or
send an email to tracib@cfra.org We'll point you in the right direction.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WKW

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 Western Kansas World


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Commissioners renew contracts with Penn State Ag Extension

BYLINE: Mark Gilger Jr., Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 670 words


March 17--The Schuylkill County Commissioners renewed contracts Wednesday with
the Penn State Cooperative Extension Service with the hope Gov. Tom Wolf soon
approves funding for the agricultural research program and state's 4-H clubs.

Gregg Gnatt, Penn State Extension district director for Berks and Schuylkill
counties, told the commissioners that the program has not received any state
funding since July. Wolf also vetoed the $50.5 million line-item in December.

"The line has been drawn in the sand that basically says if there is no funding
by June 30, the extension will close along with three ag experimental stations
in the state, all the county offices will be shut down, it will be the end of
4-H, the master gardener program, about 1,100 of us will be layed off, 90,000
4-H kids will no longer have a program," Gnatt said. "Unfortunately, it will
also probably cascade to the complete demise of the college of agriculture at
Penn State because there will be a critical lapse of faculty and staff to run
the college."

Gnatt said the economic impact goes even further with the state losing about $80
million in additional revenue through contracts with the United States
Department of Agriculture and the state's 67 counties.

"I think everyone understands the impact, but there is not a meeting of minds,"
Gnatt said.

"The county commissioners do understand the impact of what the extension does in
the state from an educational standpoint," commissioners Chairman George F.
Halcovage Jr. said. "With agriculture being our top industry, this is crucial.
We will lend out support in any way we can."

"In the (County Commissioners Association of Pennsylvania) conference we just
held, I think that message was portrayed to our legislature and governor and the
importance to hopefully get to some resolution because it is important not just
to our county, but to Pennsylvania," Commissioner Gary J. Hess said.

"This affects everyone in Pennsylvania," Gnatt said. "When you open your
refrigerator door, you shake hands with agriculture."

The annual contracts approved by the county commissioners Wednesday were
pre-approved budget items, Gnatt said.

The contracts were $31,910 for consumer horticulture, $60,115 fro 4-H services,
and $30,000 for commercial horticulture.

In other news, the county received bids for two service contracts.

Four companies submitted bids to repair county bridge No. 200 on Maple Avenue
over the west branch of the Schuylkill River in Norwegian Township: Heim
Construction Co., Orwigsburg, $714,379.80; Bi-State Construction Co., Easton,
$778,487; Barletta Materials & Construction, $823,057.93; and Kinsley
Construction, York, $983,935.

The bridge provides a roadway from Route 209 to the Schuylkill Intermediate Unit
29, the Schuylkill Technology Center South Campus and Tredegar Plastic
Fabrication Co. Built in 1959, the 65-foot-long bridge has a daily average
traffic of 1,000 vehicles and a 25-ton limit.

Work will start in the spring and must be completed by Aug. 1.

TKO Cleaning Service submitted the only bid for cleaning the Human Services
Building, 410 N. Centre St., Pottsville. The bid is for three years, totaling
$64,800.

The commissioners also renewed contracts for service maintenance at the county
communications center. The $260,000 annual agreement with Greens Communications,
Pottsville, is for the maintenance of the Motorola Centracom Gold Elite radio
consoles installed in November 2008. The contract runs through 2018 and cost the
same as the previous contract.

The $413,632.98 agreement with Motorola Solutions is for 24/7 monitoring and
service of the radio system through 2016. Scott Krater, county communications
director, said the warranty on the equipment installed 18 months ago is ending
and this agreement covers all the equipment at the county courthouse, tower
sites and the communications center.

___ (c)2016 the Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) Visit the Republican &
Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) at republicanherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160317-RN-Commissioners-renew-contracts-with-Penn-State-Ag-Extension-0317-2016
0317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2016 Republican & Herald


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                  May 13, 2012

                           Greenlight Biofuels, Inc.

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Greenlight Biofuels Receives Grant Of $0.01 Million For Biofuel Plant In
Alabama, U.S.

   Date: 1/20/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Greenlight Biofuels, Inc., a company engaged in the development and
production of biofuels, received grant of $0.01 million for the construction of
biofuel plant in Alabama, United States. The grant was provided by United States
Department of Agriculture, through its Bio-energy Program for Advanced Biofuels.


Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."


Zenergy International Completes Acquisition Of Greenlight Biofuels

   Date: 10/29/2009 12:00:00 AM

   Greenlight Biofuels, Inc., a company engaged in the development and
production of biofuels, received grant of $0.01 million for the construction of
biofuel plant in Alabama, United States. The grant was provided by United States
Department of Agriculture, through its Bio-energy Program for Advanced Biofuels.


Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Events                                  Investments
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2012


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 30, 2015

$18 Million Available to Support Training for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 260  words


The US Department of Agriculture announced more than $18 million in funding
available to support training, mentoring, and development of beginning farmers
and ranchers through the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program.

We helped create and advocate for this program in the 2002 Farm Bill. It was
finally funded in the 2008 Farm Bill.

The need was clear then and remains so today. A number of beginning farmers and
ranchers don't have direct roots to agriculture. While they yearn for the
honest, hard work you find in farming or ranching, they need help learning the
ropes.

The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program awards grants to
organizations implementing programs to train beginning farmers and ranchers.
Funding includes support for workshops, farmer-to-farmer mentoring, and
technical assistance.

Since the program was first funded and put on the ground in 2009, 145 awards
have been made. That's more than $71 million dedicated to giving the next
generation of farmers and ranchers the know-how to succeed.

A focus on projects for veteran beginning farmers and ranchers has been added
this time. It joins previous set-asides for socially-disadvan-taged,
limited-resource, or farmworkers who want a start in agriculture.

Organizations experienced in serving beginning farmers and ranchers must submit
their applications by March 13, 2015. If you are a beginning farmer or rancher
looking to find training and mentoring opportunities, call us at 402.687.2100 or
send an email to tracib(fficfra.org. We'll point you in the right direction.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Kiowa County Press


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                 August 2, 2012

                        Prairie Horizon Agri-Energy, LLC

                                  KS Ks 67661
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Prairie Horizon Agri-Energy Receives Grant Of $0.58 Million For Phillipsburg
Bioethanol Plant In Kansas, U.S.

   Date: 1/20/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Prairie Horizon Agri-Energy, LLC, a company engaged in development,
production and distribution of ethanol, received grant of $0.58 million for the
construction of biofuel plant in Kansas, United States. The grant was provided
by United States Department of Agriculture, through its Bio-energy Program for
Advanced Biofuels. The plant has a total production capacity of 160 million
litres.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."


Prairie Horizon Agri-Energy Invests $56 Million In Ethanol Plant In Kanas, U.S.

   Date: 8/8/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Prairie Horizon Agri-Energy, LLC, a company engaged in development,
production and distribution of ethanol, received grant of $0.58 million for the
construction of biofuel plant in Kansas, United States. The grant was provided
by United States Department of Agriculture, through its Bio-energy Program for
Advanced Biofuels. The plant has a total production capacity of 160 million
litres.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *

                                        Investments



 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2012


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           August 25, 2010, Wednesday

WVSU research awarded more than $1 million in capacity building grants

SECTION: METRO WEST KANAWHA; Pg. P9

LENGTH: 348 words


Three West Virginia State University research scientists have been awarded grant
funding from the United States Department of Agriculture.

WVSU scientists submitted a total of 12 projects to the National Institute of
Food and Agriculture's 1890 Capacity Building Grants Program. The three grant
applications were selected from a total of 332 submissions nationwide and
awarded more than $1.14 million to fund research projects at WVSU.

Each project is scheduled to begin Sept. 1 and will continue through Aug. 30,
2013.

Dr. David Huber's project, "Implementing Metagenomics-Enabled Systems Analysis
to Engineer Energy Thresholds and Resilience in Microbial Bioenergy
Communities," will develop a systems analysis of model bioenergy bioreactors to
produce predictive models that explain key properties of energy thresholds and
resilience. This will help identify renewable bioenergy, produced from
agricultural, municipal and industrial waste biomass, providing further options
for meeting global energy needs.

Dr. Gerald Hankins' project, "Development of Value-Added Peppers Using
Genomic-Driven Association Mapping," addresses the increasing demand of
vegetables with high contents of health-promoting compounds in U.S. markets
through the study of specific peppers. This project will use a
multi-disciplinary approach to characterize Aj peppers along with annum peppers
for nutritional traits that may help reduce cancer and cardiovascular diseases.

Nimmakayala's research will focus on "Stories of Crop Evolution, Biodiversity,
Domestication and Methods of Genomic-Assisted Crop Improvement for Curricula
Development." During the last decade, new molecular technologies have been
launched, which has revolutionized crop improvement. This project will create a
variety of opportunities for students to pursue studies in the fields of crop
diversity utilization, conservation and analysis as well as in domestication and
modern methods in plant breeding.

For more information about WVSU's agricultural and environmental research
program, contact Associate Director Robert J. Barney, 304-204-4318.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Dean John Floros presented his second annual State of the College of Agriculture
address March 25.

LENGTH: 307  words

DATELINE: Manhattan


Kansas State University has issued the following news release:

Kansas State University's College of Agriculture aims to be a top-five
agricultural college in the United States by 2025, and in collaboration with
K-State Research and Extension, it intends to continue serving as a global
destination for education, research and extension. Reaching this feat not only
would benefit the university, but it would benefit the citizens of Kansas and
beyond with immediate solutions to needs in agricultural production.

Agriculture is Kansas' largest economic driver, as it contributes $53 billion to
the Kansas economy and is the state's largest employer, said John Floros, dean
of the college and director of K-State Research and Extension.

In his third year as dean, Floros presented his second annual State of the
College of Agriculture address March 25 on K-State's Manhattan campus. He
discussed celebrating successes that are getting the college closer to a
top-five agricultural college, some of which include growth in the number of
students, faculty and staff success, competitive funding, research expenditures,
private fundraising, and the college's national and international reputation.

On the heels of more cuts in state funding, the college has been able to counter
these budget cuts and embrace change, Floros said. Aside from the amount of
state funding available, all other numbers continue to go up, which is why he is
optimistic that the college will continue to experience success in the future.

"K-State will remain here, but change will happen," Floros said. "We will have
to change, and if we are ahead of change and anticipate it, we are better off.
Let's anticipate budget cuts and figure out ways to counter those."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Republic (Mitchell, South Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 13, 2013 Saturday

Thune backs ag research bill

BYLINE: The Daily Republic, Mitchell, S.D.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 282 words


July 13--Sen. John Thune, R-S.D., is part of a bipartisan group of lawmakers
backing a proposal to spur new agricultural research by leveraging private
dollars to create charitable partnerships between universities and private
entities.

The bill, called the Charitable Agricultural Research Act and announced in a
news release Friday, would amend the tax code to allow for the creation of new,
charitable, tax-exempt agricultural research organizations, which are similar to
medical research organizations that have been supporting innovation in medical
sciences since the 1950s.

"In the current tight budget environment, Congress needs to enact innovative
legislation, such as this bill, which will encourage private donors to help meet
shortfalls in agriculture research funding," Thune said.

According to the USDA Economic Research Service, farm productivity has risen 158
percent since 1948; this increase is attributed to research, according to Thune
and the other co-sponsors of the legislation, by implementing new changes in the
efficiency of farming practices and the use of agricultural technology.

Today, the United States produces $312 billion in agricultural products and
exports $108 billion annually.

The lawmakers say agricultural research funding has become stagnant and has
fallen behind other federal agencies since the 1970s.

Co-sponsors of the legislation are Sen. Debbie Stabenow, D-Mich., chairwoman of
the U.S. Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry; Rep. Devin
Nunes, R-Calif., and Rep. Ron Kind, D-Wis.

___ (c)2013 The Daily Republic (Mitchell, S.D.) Visit The Daily Republic
(Mitchell, S.D.) at www.mitchellrepublic.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130713-JQ-Thune-backs-ag-research-bill-0713-20130713

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JQ


                       Copyright 2013 The Daily Republic


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 26, 2005 Monday

Federal government approves agriculture grants for projects in Oklahoma

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 221 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved $1.7 million in funding for
projects for Oklahoma.

Among the awards was a grant of nearly $500,000 to the Oklahoma-based National
Rural Water Association.

Ellis County will receive funding to install a new water system. The county will
obtain a grant of $479,225 and a loan of $183,000 to construct a distribution
system, which includes new underground water lines, a storage tank and two
wells.

A Community Facilities grant totaling $100,000 will go to the Pawnee Nation of
Oklahoma. The money will be used to rehabilitate two historic buildings and
establish an academy to provide higher education and trade training courses.

The Texas County Housing Authority in the Oklahoma panhandle will receive an
award of nearly $300,000 in a Mutual Self Help Housing Program grant. Under that
program, families work together under the direction of a contractor to build
their homes. The process enables families with limited incomes to move from
rental housing into homes of their own. Over the two-year life of the grant,
about 20 new homes will be constructed.

Six housing preservation grants totaling almost $200,000 will be used to
rehabilitate 31 single-family dwellings. Ten of the homes will be rehabilitated
by the Cherokee Nation.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Lyon County News, Inc. (George, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 24, 2015

USDA Commits $2.5 Million to Expand New Farmer Education;
Training will also help returning service members, underserved, and urban
producers

BYLINE: Lyon County News, Inc. staff

LENGTH: 394  words


PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 22, 2015 -- Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today
announced that $2.5 million in grants is now available for projects to educate
new and underserved farmers about more than 20 U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Farm Service Agency programs that can provide financial, disaster or
technical assistance to the agricultural community.

The grants will be awarded to nonprofits and public higher education
institutions that develop proposals to improve farmer education on topics such
as financial training, value-added production, recordkeeping, property
inheritance, and crop production practices.

"We want to partner with nonprofits, colleges and universities who share USDA's
priority of helping more' Americans enter farming as a profession, whether they
are new or underserved farmers, returning Service members, minorities, women,
and urban producers or those who sell their crops locally," said Harden.

USDA will conduct four evaluation periods to review applications, with the
deadlines of Nov. 20, 2015, Jan. 22, 2015, Mar. 18, 2016, and May 27, 2016.
Awards between $20,000 and $100,000 per applicant will be available. To learn
more about the funding solicitation and the related Farm Service Agency
programs, details can be found at www.grants.gov with the reference number
USDA-FSA-CA-2015-001. For nonprofits and public institutions of higher education
that are considering participation, an online informational session will be
conducted on Sept. 28, 2015. Additional information is posted on the Web at
www.fsa.usda.gov/outreach.

This funding builds on historic investments made in rural America over the past
six years and supports programs enacted by the 2014 Farm Bill, which achieved
meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for the taxpayer. Since
enactment, the U.S. Department of Agriculture has progressively implemented each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LYY

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 Lyon County News, Inc.


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                    February 24, 2004 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

Budget woes threatening to squash handy bugs Insectary's free critters help
farmers fight pests, weeds

BYLINE: Nancy Lofholm , Denver Post Western Slope Bureau

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-03

LENGTH: 675 words


PALISADE - Colorado's budget crunch is even hitting bugs where it  hurts.


The Joint Budget Committee of the Colorado legislature is  considering a
recommendation that funding be cut for the Palisade  Insectary, a unique
Colorado Department of Agriculture facility  that has been raising good bugs to
thwart insect and weed  infestations for 59 years.


The impending cut does not sit well with the farmers, ranchers and  landowners
who have been using the insectary's bugs in lieu of  costlier spraying with
pesticides that, in some cases, yield  inferior results.


'Agriculture will suffer terribly bad. This is the only  institution like this
in the state, and it does a world of good for  the agriculture industry,' said
Dale Ferguson, who has used  insectary-supplied parasites to control the
damaging Oriental fruit  moths in his orchards for 53 years.


Tim Seastedt, a professor of ecology and biology at the University  of Colorado,
said the loss of the insectary would also hit  bio-control researchers hard. He
said that in some cases, such as  the control of diffuse knapweed, the state
would end up paying more  for spraying the noxious weed than it pays to operate
the  insectary.


'It would be a shame to see this facility disappear. If we lose  this conduit of
bio-controls, we lose a lot,' Seastedt said.


The proposal to cut off the funding came on the recommendation of  the
Agriculture Department staff, which was charged, like most  other state-funded
agency staffs, with finding ways to trim  budgets.


The staff targeted the insectary's annual budget of $ 405,000, along  with the $
320,000 that funds the Colorado Proud program. Colorado  Proud helped to market
state agricultural products, provided market  research and helped promote
healthy eating for grade-school  children.


Agriculture Department spokesman Jim Miller said the recommendation  to cut the
insectary funding does not mean the department doesn't  value the bug
bio-control program and wouldn't like to see it  continue. He said department
officials are trying to find other  funding sources so the insectary can stay
open.


'We are scrambling,' Miller said. 'We are operating under the  assumption that
we will not be able to save state funding for  it.'


The Agriculture Department has approached Mesa State College and  Colorado State
University about taking over the 13,000-square-foot  facility, where some 46
species of beneficial bugs are raised.  Those entities have expressed interest
but do not have the funds to  run the insectary, Miller said.


Help from the U.S. Department of Agriculture also is being looked  at as an
option because that agency uses the insectary to grow bugs  after they are
approved for bio-control use in the United States.  The Palisade Insectary is
one of only about six such facilities in  the country.


An analyst for the state Joint Budget Committee has investigated  the
possibility of making the insectary a cash-funded operation,  which would charge
fees for all the entities that use the  insectary. Currently, the bugs are free
to users.


But insectary officials say surviving on fees would be tough  because some bugs
require years of research before they can be  provided in quantities to users.


Miller said the state Agriculture Department also has looked into  private
ownership, but for the same reason determined it likely  wouldn't work: The bug
business is not one that would offer any  quick returns.


Selling the building and turning the facility into something else  is also not
feasible, Miller said. He said its two greenhouses are  not large enough for a
commercial greenhouse operation, and its odd  layout of 'rearing rooms' would
not suit many other businesses.


'It's not readily convertible to a Farmers Home Insurance  Office,' Miller said.


The Joint Budget Committee is expected to make a decision on the  insectary
within the next three weeks.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Williamson Daily News (West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 20, 2015 Thursday

Signatures needed to continue Ben Creek Project

BYLINE: Courtney Pigman, Williamson Daily News, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 272 words


Aug. 20--WILLIAMSON -- At Tuesday's Mingo County Commission meeting, commission
members discussed the need for community support to initiate phase two of the
Ben Creek Water Project.

A meeting is scheduled for 6 p.m. Thursday at the Ben Creek Park to obtain the
signatures needed from Ben Creek residents to move ahead with the project.

Funding provided by the United States Department of Agriculture requires that 88
signups are needed to show the interest needed to continue funding.

County Commissioners explained that funding will not be available to complete to
project unless they are able to obtain 88 signatures in support of the project.

Mark McGettigan, Project Engineer for the Ben Creek Project, discussed the
benefits of having a potable water distribution system in the Ben Creek area.

"The first benefit is fire protection. Every residence will be within
approximately one thousand feet of a fire hydrant. The second benefit is
dependability. Even without electricity in the area, the residents will have
between three and five days of water supply. The third benefit is safety. The
water delivered by the proposed distribution system is safe and operates under
the West Virginia Bureau of Public Health Standards," McGettigan explained.

Construction on the Ben Creek Water Project began in April, 2015.

(Courtney Pigman is a news reporter for the Williamson Daily News. She can be
contacted at cpigman@civitasmedia.com or at 304-235-4242, ext. 2279.)

___ (c)2015 Williamson Daily News (Williamson, W.Va.) Visit Williamson Daily
News (Williamson, W.Va.) at www.williamsondailynews.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150820-UX-Signatures-needed-to-continue-Ben-Creek-Project-0820-20150820

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UX


                      Copyright 2015 Williamson Daily News


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 22, 2014 Wednesday

Costa Announces Funding for California's Hmong American Farmers

LENGTH: 254  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Jim Costa, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Today, Rep. Jim Costa (D-CA) announced $50,938 in funding assistance for the
California National Hmong American Farmers, Inc.  The funding, which comes from
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), will provide interpretation
services to Southeast Asian farmers throughout the Central Valley. The funds
were made available through the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG) program.

"This announcement is good news for Hmong farmers throughout the Valley," said
Rep. Costa.  "For generations, immigrant farmers have come to our Valley to make
their mark and become established.  The Southeast Asian farmers are repeating
this proven path and making significant contributions to our Valley's
agricultural economy.  I am pleased that the USDA recognizes the importance of
supporting Hmong farmersandensuring that they have the necessary skills and
training to be successfuland create more jobs."

"The National Hmong American Farmers, Inc. is very happy to be awarded this
grant to continue the work to assist Hmong/AAPI and other small producers,
farmers and ranchers in the Central Valley," said Executive Director, Chukou
Thao.  "We look forward to working with Congressman Jim Costa and the USDA-Rural
Development and other USDA offices to help small farmers and ranchers achieve
the American dream."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Kiowa County Press

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 21, 2009

Colorado Receives More Than $300,000 to Improve Water in Agricultural Production

BYLINE: Katherine K. Burse-Johnson

LENGTH: 473  words


U.S. Department of Agriculture's Natural Resources Conservation Service Chief
Dave White recently announced that the agency will be providing nearly $58
million for water conservation and water quality improvements on agricultural
working lands. Colorado is one of the 21 states to receive funding, which
includes more than $300,000 to fund a local water conservation project in
partnership with the Republican River Water Conservation District. The funding
was made available for 63 projects through the Agricultural Water Enhancement
Program.

"We must take steps to protect and preserve our water resources, and the Obama
Administration is committed to using this program to provide financial and
technical assistance to farmers and ranchers to improve water conditions on
their land," White said.

The Agricultural Water Enhancement Program (AWEP) promotes ground and surface
water conservation and improves water quality by helping farmers and ranchers
implement agricultural water enhancement activities. With the services and
resources of other conservation partners, AWEP allows the Federal Government to
leverage investment in natural resources conservation.

Landowners can obtain funding through AWEP for several types of projects,
including:

* Water quality or water conservation plan development, including resource
condition assessment and modeling;

*Water conservation restoration or enhancement projects, including conversion to
the production of less water-intensive agricultural commodities or dry land
farming;

*Water quality or quantity restoration or enhancement projects;

*Irrigation system improvement or irrigation efficiency enhancement;

*Activities designed to mitigate the effects of drought and climate change; and

*Other related activities deemed by the Secretary to help achieve water quality
or water conservation benefits on agricultural land.

AWEP was established by the 2008 Farm Bill and funding comes from the
Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP). The Natural Resources
Conservation Service (NRCS) administers the program for USDA. NRCS implements
AWEP by entering into EQIP contracts directly with agricultural producers.

All AWEP recipients must meet EQIP requirements. Though participating AWEP
producers do not need to have existing EQIP contracts, they must be eligible for
EQIP All partner proposals were selected competitively Proposals for priority
areas may have received higher rankings, and include property undergoing
conversion of agricultural land from irrigated to dry land farming; projects
that help producers meet regulatory requirements; and projects located where
there is a high percentage of agricultural land and producers in a region or
area.

For more information about specific AWEP projects visit www.nrcs.usda.gov or
visit the USDA Service Centers in the Republican River Watershed.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2009 Kiowa County Press


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Ag Funding Bill Begins to Move

LENGTH: 196 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


National Association of State Departments of Agriculture, The State of Utah has
issued the following news release:

The House Appropriations Agriculture Subcommittee last week held a markup for
the FY2014 Agriculture and FDA funding bill. The bill, which is expected to be
on the House floor later this month, provides $19.5 billion for the
discretionary programs under the subcommittee's jurisdiction. This funding level
is $1.3 billion less than last year's enacted discretionary funding level,
though nearly equal to post-sequestration funding levels. Notably, the bill
would keep APHIS funding steady, providing $803.5 million for animal and plant
health activities. Funding for FDA's food safety activities are increased by $27
million in the bill. The bill was reported out on a majority voice vote and will
be marked up by the full Appropriations Committee this Thursday. Last week, the
President threatened to veto all House appropriations bills unless they can work
with the Senate to come to an acceptable budget agreement. It is still unclear
when the Senate will begin working on their version of the bill.

For further information please visit: http://www.nasda.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               South Burnett Times and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                                  May 30, 2014

Agriculture Canberra conference to focus on better funding models

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 144  words


THE critical challenge for the Australian agriculture sector is to find better
funding models to ensure its growth potential can be realised in the future.

That is the focus of a two-day conference to be held by the Australian Farm
Institute in Canberra on June3-4.

The conference program includes speakers discussing the agricultural funding
models that have developed in nations such as the United States, Brazil and New
Zealand, as well as some of the most senior agribusiness executives in Australia
who have had to tackle the funding challenge over recentyears.

Other speakers include representatives of the Australian finance and
superannuation sectors, as well as senior managers of corporate farming
businesses in Australia.

Speaker profiles are now available online at www.farminstitute.org.au.

Registrations are due today and can be made by visiting the website.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TRW


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                      May 31, 2002 Friday Marshall Edition

Purdue, MSU get piece of homeland security funds

BYLINE: By WAYNE FALDA; Tribune Farm Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 498 words


Purdue and Michigan State universities will receive $850,000 and $900,000
respectively to bolster national efforts to contain disease outbreaks that
threaten American agriculture.

The funding comes from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to strengthen
agricultural homeland security.

Agriculture Secretary Ann M. Veneman said Thursday that her department is
releasing more than $43 million in state grants designated for security
enhancements nationwide.

Indiana will receive $1.1 million, and Michigan will receive $1.2 million.

Purdue will receive $850,000 to enhance its Extension Disaster Education Network
-- known as EDEN -- which is intended to disseminate information to the general
public in the event of any security breach.

"This program is already in place nationally," said Vic Lechtenberg, Purdue's
dean of agriculture.

About 38 states participate in the EDEN network, which is broad in scope in that
it covers natural disasters, such as floods, hurricanes and tornadoes.

The USDA funding will also strengthen its Center for Environmental and
Regulatory Information Systems, the national hub for gathering and disseminating
information whenever plant diseases are detected.

The balance of the money will go to the state veterinarian office to bolster its
animal surveillance and animal disease response program.

Michigan State will receive $900,000 in federal money to develop a regional lab
devoted to the early detection of plant disease and pest outbreaks.

Jeffrey Armstrong, dean of Michigan State's College of Agriculture and Natural
Resources, said the grant will be used to develop a plant and pest diagnostic
lab.

Armstrong said Michigan State already works on early plant disease and pest
detection with state and federal agriculture departments, but the grant will
allow "an expansion into something new."

"There will be much greater cooperation across the states," Armstrong said.

U.S. Rep. Fred Upton, R-St. Joseph, said the money for Michigan "will allow
early detection of plant and pest diseases, which is critical to our area."

Of the $43 million in USDA funding, $20.6 million will go to state departments
and universities to establish a network of diagnostic laboratories strategically
located throughout the nation to permit rapid and accurate diagnosis of animal
disease threats.

The USDA is directing $14 million to strengthen state capabilities to respond to
animal disease emergencies, primarily by helping every state to meet the
national standards of emergency preparedness established by the National Animal
Health Emergency Management System. Another $4.5 million will be used to
strengthen state-level surveillance for animal diseases. About $4.3 million will
be used to assist states to improve their capability to detect plant pests and
diseases.

The Associated Press contributed to this story.

Staff writer Wayne Falda:

wfalda@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6326


LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

Wisconsin: Crops team members gain global perspective

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Madison: University of Wisconsin-Platteville, The State of Wisconsin has issued
the following news release:



 The University of Wisconsin-Platteville was represented on the United States
Collegiate Crops Team that competed in the Australian Collegiate Crops Contest
Sept. 16-18 in Temora, New South Wales. Erica McComish of Shullsburg, Wis.; Nick
Theisen of Wisconsin Dells, Wis.; Rodger Williams of Doylestown, Wis.; and
Austin Underdahl of DeForest, Wis., along with a student from Virginia Tech
University placed third out of six teams. The contest included two teams from
the United States and four Australian teams.





 The team qualified through United States national crops contests in Chicago,
Ill., and Kansas City, Mo.



 The trip was 10 days, from Sept. 9-19, during which students were able to visit
a variety of sites including farms, landmarks and tourist attractions. Along the
way they learned a great deal about Australian agriculture. &ldquo;Once we
traveled out into the countryside there were bright yellow canola fields as far
as the eye could see,&rdquo; said Theisen.



 &ldquo;We were able to meet local farmers,&rdquo; said Williams. &ldquo;We
talked with the other students and saw the various types of agriculture in
different parts of the country.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;The more you get to travel the world the more you realize it isn't that
big,&rdquo; said McComish. &ldquo;You start to realize that what you do at home
does relate everywhere else and that we are becoming globalized.&rdquo;



 According to Dr. Roger Higgs, professor emeritus and coach of the
UW-Platteville collegiate crops team, the Australia contest was much different
than contests in the United States. The United States contests consist of plant
and seed identifications, commercial grain grading and seed analysis. The
Australian contest used Australian grain grading standards and different names
for most weeds. It also involved exams on oil, pulse and grain crops and
financial management.



 The American Society of Agronomy, UW-Platteville crops and soils alumni and Dr.
Milton Engelke sponsored the team's trip to Australia. Glenn Webb Education
Fund/The GROWMARK Foundation provided previous funding.



 &ldquo; ... if there is an opportunity for other students in the future such as
this or just funding the crops team ... I am going to be the first person to
raise my hand to donate. This has literally shaped my future and made my college
career."

                              -- Austin Underdahl



 The students are grateful for the opportunity to broaden their horizons and for
the experience to learn from their counterparts in Australia. &ldquo;We see the
value in the crops team and I can't thank Dr. Higgs, the sponsors and
UW-Platteville enough for the opportunities that have been presented to me on
the crops team,&rdquo; said Underdahl. &ldquo;I am very thankful. I pray and
hope that we continue to get the support for travel and the funding needed for
the crops team to continue to be successful.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;In a world where everything is so expensive it's nice to know that with
hard work you can go and do it,&rdquo; said Theisen. &ldquo;With that support
it's the American dream. It's amazing to be able to do something like that and
it changes your view on giving back. We've been supported so much.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;I was telling my grandpa and grandma that if there is an opportunity for
other students in the future such as this or just funding the crops team, I said
I am going to be an advocate,&rdquo; added Underdahl. &ldquo;I am going to be
the first person to raise my hand to donate. This has literally shaped my future
and made my college career.&rdquo;



 As UW-Platteville pursues its vision of being recognized as the leading
student-focused university for its success in achieving excellence, creating
opportunities and empowering each individual, it is guided by four strategic
planning priorities. The students' participation on the United States Collegiate
Crops Team aligns with two of the priorities, including providing an outstanding
education and fostering a community of achievement and respect.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Sundance Times (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 7, 2011

Wyoming to receive $10.4 million for prime sage-grouse habitat

BYLINE: The Sundance Times staff

LENGTH: 325  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) will provide approximately $18.2
million in additional financial assistance to help eligible ranchers in three
states conserve critical sage-grouse habitats through the Grassland Reserve
Program (GRP). The program is offered through the Natural Resources Conservation
Service (NRCS).

Wyoming will receive $10.4 million. Idaho will receive $5.5 million and Utah
will receive $2.3 million.

"The additional funding will help address a backlog of great applications for
GRP," said Paul Shelton, assistant state conservationist for operations in
Wyoming.

GRP, a voluntary program, allows ranchers and farmers to limit future
development of the land while retaining the right for landowners to conduct
common grazing practices and operations using rental contracts and conservation
easements. USDA directs financial resources and technical expertise to help
landowners protect and restore these lands.

For the first time, USDA will be dedicating a portion of GRP funding solely to
protect sage-grouse habitat. This announcement means that GRP is now formally
included among the conservation programs used for USDA's Sage-Grouse Initiative
(SGI). Launched in 2010, SGI has become an extremely successful effort in the
West by targeting funding toward the removal of threats in the most important
places where sage-grouse numbers remain high. Eligible ranchers in Idaho, Utah
and Wyoming can use this funding to maintain large and intact sagebrush grazing
lands, which allows sage-grouse populations to thrive.

In addition to the GRP funds announced today, USDA provided $53 million earlier
this fiscal year to eligible ranchers through conservation programs, including
the Farm and Ranch Lands Protection Program, Wetlands Reserve Program,
Environmental Quality Incentives Program and the Wildlife Habitat Incentive
Program. For more information about NRCS conservation programs, please visit
www.nrcs. usda.gov/programs.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 The Sundance Times


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 23, 2001 Thursday

U.S. Rep. to continue fight for $16B ag funding

BYLINE: Marie Price

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 191 words


Sixth District U.S. Rep. Frank Lucas said Wednesday that he will continue his
push to provide a $16 billion expansion of funding for conservation programs for
farmers and ranchers.

"We've succeeded in the uphill battle to fully fund conservation programs, so
that important projects aren't neglected as they sit on the waiting list of a
partially funded program," said Lucas. "But now we have to be vigilant to ensure
these funds are delivered properly."

Lucas said he would monitor language added to the federal farm bill by other
members of the House Agriculture Committee that addresses how the funding is to
be implemented.

"When the bill goes to the House floor, I'll be in the mix on the debate of how
this funding is delivered," Lucas said. "The implementation of the funding is
the all-important anchor leg of the task of getting dollars to producers. As
working farmer and rancher myself, I understand how important this piece of the
puzzle is."

The current farm bill, which expires in 2002, includes seven sections, including
conservation. The agriculture panel will replace the 1996 farm law with a new
bill this year.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        West Lyon Herald (Inwood, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 16, 2014

Cost share assistance available to farmers for nutrient reduction practices

BYLINE: West Lyon Herald staff

LENGTH: 408  words


DES MOINES -- Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Bill Northey announced today that
$1.4 million in cost share funds are available to help farmers install new
nutrient reduction practices. The practices eligible for this funding are cover
crops, no-till or strip till, or using a nitrification inhibitor when applying
fertilizer.

"We continue to hear from farmers interested in doing even more to limit
nutrient loss and better protect water quality and these funds will help them
try new voluntary science-based conservation practices on their farm," Northey
said. "We were extremely pleased by the response last year from farmers and we
are excited to have funds available again this year."

The cost share rate for farmers planting cover crops is $25 per acre and for
farmers trying no-till or strip till is $10 per acre. Farmers using a nitrapyrin
nitrification inhibitor when applying fall fertilizer can receive $3 per acre.

Any farmer not already utilizing these practices can apply for this assistance.
Farmers are only eligible for cost share on up to 160 acres. The funds will be
made available on Thursday, July 17, but farmers can immediately start
submitting applications through their local Soil and Water Conservation District
office.

Farmers that have already used these practices on their farm and are ineligible
for this funding are still encouraged to visit their local Soil and Water
Conservation District office to discuss other cost share funding that may be
available.

"By allowing farmers to try new practices on a limited number of acres at a
reduced cost we want to showcase the benefits of these practices and encourage
farmers to incorporate them into their operation," Northey said.

The Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship received $4.4 million
for the Iowa Water Quality Initiative in fiscal 2015. These funds will allow the
Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship to continue to encourage the
broad adoption of water quality practices through statewide cost share
assistance as well as more intensive work in targeted watersheds.

Last year in just two weeks over 1,000 farmers signed up for cost share funding
to help implement new nutrient reduction practices on 100,000 acres. The state
provided $2.8 million in cost share funding was available to help farmers try a
water quality practice for the first time and Iowa farmers provided at least
another $2.8 million to support these water quality practices.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLY

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 West Lyon Herald


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 17, 1997, Thursday, Final Edition

FOR THE RECORD

SECTION: WEEKLY - VA; Pg. V07

LENGTH: 488 words


The following is a report of how some major bills fared recently in Congress and
a record of how local members of Congress voted.

NV means Not Voting.

HOUSE VOTES

SUICIDE

For-398/Against-16

The House passed a bill banning the use of federal funds for assisted suicides
such as those administered by Jack Kevorkian. Such funding already is
prohibited. But the bill anticipates that the U.S. Supreme Court soon may rule
that doctor-assisted suicide is a constitutional right. It bans funding through
programs such as Medicare, Medicaid, veterans' health care and federal
employees' medical insurance for death by euthanasia (mercy killings) and
Kevorkian-style assisted suicides. The bill exempts deaths that occur
voluntarily under the terms of a "living will," a document authorizing doctors
to withhold life-support from hopelessly comatose patients.

................... YES ... NO ... NV

MARYLAND

Bartlett (R) ...... X

Cardin (D) ........ X

Ehrlich (R) ....... X

Gilchrest (R) ..... X

Hoyer (D) ......... X

Cummings (D)....... X

Morella (R) ....... X

Wynn (D) .......... X

VIRGINIA

Davis (R) ......... X

Moran (D) ......... X

Wolf (R) .......... X

Bateman (R) ....... X

Bliley (R) ........ X

RURAL HOUSING

For-397/Against-14

The House sent the Senate a bill authorizing a new program of rental housing for
the rural poor. The U.S. Department of Agriculture's "section 538" program would
use taxpayer dollars to guarantee private loans. Private developers, nonprofits
and government agencies would use the loans to build and maintain low-cost
units. If the borrower defaults, the Treasury would repay the loan.

................... YES ... NO ... NV

MARYLAND

Bartlett (R) ...... X

Cardin (D) ........ X

Ehrlich (R) ....... X

Gilchrest (R) ..... X

Hoyer (D) ......... X

Cummings (D)....... X

Morella (R) ....... X

Wynn (D) .......... X

VIRGINIA

Davis (R) ......... X

Moran (D) ......... X

Wolf (R) .......... X

Bateman (R) ....... X

Bliley (R) ........ X

SENATE VOTES

NUCLEAR WASTE

For-72/Against-24

Senators advanced a bill designating a Department of Energy facility at Yucca
Mountain, Nev., to receive the nation's commercial nuclear waste. The vote
tabled (killed) an amendment giving governors power to block radioactive
shipments through their states toward the site 90 miles northwest of Las Vegas.
The bill remained in debate. It designates Yucca Mountain to begin serving as an
interim, above-ground repository in the near future. By 2010 or later, permanent
underground storage would begin, under terms of the bill. A yes vote opposed
empowering governors to veto nuclear waste shipments through their states.

................... YES ... NO ... NV

MARYLAND

Mikulski (D) .............. X

Sarbanes (D) .............. X

VIRGINIA

Robb (D) .......... X

Warner (R) ..........X

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Funding to Help Develop Advanced
Biofuels and Biobased Products

LENGTH: 1057  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for funding to help support the
development of advanced biofuels, renewable chemicals and biobased products.





 "The bioeconomy is a catalyst for economic development in rural America,
creating new jobs and providing new markets for farmers and ranchers," Vilsack
said. "Investing in the businesses and technologies that support the production
of biofuels and biobased products is not only good for farm incomes. The whole
economy benefits from a more balanced, diversified and consumer-friendly energy
portfolio, less dependence on foreign oil and reduced carbon emissions."



 Funding is being provided through the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and
Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program, formerly known as the
Biorefinery Assistance Program. Congress established the program in 2008 to
encourage the development of biofuels that use renewable feedstocks. The 2014
Farm Bill expanded the program to include renewable chemicals and biobased
product manufacturing. The program now provides loan guarantees of up to $250
million to develop, construct and retrofit commercial-scale biorefineries and to
develop renewable chemicals and biobased product manufacturing facilities.



 USDA has provided $844 million in loan commitments to 10 businesses in the
Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance
Program since the start of the Obama administration. Companies receiving these
commitments are projected to produce 159 million gallons of advanced biofuels.



 In 2011, under this program, USDA provided Sapphire Energy a $54.5 million loan
guarantee to build a refined algal oil commercial facility. Sapphire's "Green
Crude Farm" in Columbus, N.M., is an example of how USDA funding and
partnerships with the private sector are helping to support the development of
biorefineries.



 The plant opened in May 2012 and is producing renewable algal oil that can be
further refined to replace petroleum-derived diesel and jet fuel. According to
the company, more than 600 jobs were created during the first phase of
construction at the facility and 30 full-time employees currently operate the
plant. After Sapphire received additional equity from private investors, it
repaid the remaining balance on its USDA-backed loan in 2013.



 USDA is helping to develop the bioeconomy, which has the potential to spur
unprecedented growth in the rural economy by creating opportunities for the
production, distribution and sale of biobased products and fuels. For example,
USDA has partnered with the U.S. Department of Energy and the Navy to create
advanced drop-in biofuels that will power both the Department of Defense and
private-sector transportation throughout America. Over the course of this
Administration, USDA has invested $332 million to accelerate research on
renewable energy ranging from genomic research on bioenergy feedstock crops, to
development of biofuel conversion processes and cost/benefit estimates of
renewable energy production. For more information on how renewable energy
factors into USDA's work to reduce greenhouse gases, visit the latest chapter of
USDA's Medium entry, How Food and Forestry Are Adapting to a Changing
ClimateThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) website..



 The Department has also taken steps to support biobased product manufacturing
that promises to create new jobs across rural America - including adding new
categories of qualified biobased products for Federal procurement and
establishing reporting by Federal contractors of biobased product purchases. The
more than 2,200 products that have received certification to display the USDA
Certified Biobased Product label are creating and increasing consumer and
commercial awareness about a material's biobased content as one measure of its
environmental footprint. A 2015 USDA study of the bioeconomy found that the
biobased products industry generates $369 billion and 4 million jobs each year
for our economy. Biobased products industries directly employ approximately 1.5
million people, while an additional 2.5 million jobs are supported in other
sectors.



 For this announcement, USDA will seek applications in two cycles. Applications
for the first funding cycle are due October 3, 2016. Applications for the second
cycle are due April 3, 2017. For more information, see page 48377 of the July
25, 2016, Federal Register. Application materials can be found on USDA's Rural
Development website.



 In October 2015, Rural Development implemented a redesigned two-phase
application process. This new process helps the Agency identify the projects
that have made the most progress in the development stage and have the greatest
capacity for implementation and loan closing. The first two application cycles
under the new process yielded complete applications from projects producing
biogas, biodiesel, cellulosic ethanol, biobased lubricants and oils, lignin cake
and syrup, and fertilizers.



 Eligible borrowers include individuals, corporations, federally-recognized
tribes, units of state or local government, farm cooperatives and co-op
organizations, associations of agricultural producers, national laboratories,
institutions of higher education, rural electric cooperatives, public power
entities - or a consortium of any of these borrower types. Entities that receive
program financing must provide at least 20 percent of the funding for eligible
project costs.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested $11 billion to start or expand 103,000 rural businesses;
helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 7,000 community
facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities; financed
185,000 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines; and helped bring
high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 8, 2014

Grants Awarded to Support Colorado Agriculture

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 331  words


The Colorado Department of Agriculture selected four projects to receive funding
through its new "Enrich Colorado Ag Grant Program." Grant funds will help
Colorado companies conduct research and develop new uses and markets for food
and agricultural products that are grown, raised or processed in Colorado. "We
received 41 applications, and it was difficult to select only a few projects
from so many outstanding submissions," said Tom Lipetzky Markets Division
Director. "We hope these funds help Colorado's food and agricultural suppliers
position their businesses to take advantage of local, regional, national and
international market opportunities."

Projects funded include:

Triple M Bar Ranch, Manzanola, Colo., $11,620 to expand marketing and promotion
efforts of their Colorado lamb.

Weld County School District 6 Nutrition Services, Greeley, Colo., $17,000 to
increase the awareness of selling opportunities to farmers in northern Colorado
school districts and increase awareness of Colorado agricultural products in use
on school menus to students and parents Soup for Supper, Lafayette, Colo.,
$2,500 to utilize funds to work with a marketing/sales consultant to increase
product distribution.

Montrose.Downtown Development Authority, Montrose, Colo., $11,380 to conduct a-
feasibility study to determine the economic, market, technical, financial and
management feasibility and sustainability of establishing a Food Hub which will
include a certified commercial kitchen and business incubator.

"Funding requests totaled nearly $500,000 for the first year of the grant
program," said Shaina Knight, Business Development Specialist. "We know Colorado
food and agricultural businesses are expanding with innovative projects, ideas,
and concepts, so we are pleased to be able to offer additional support."

For more information on the Enrich Colorado Ag Grant Program, contact the
Colorado Department of Agriculture Markets Division at (303) 239-4371 or visit
www.coloradoagriculture.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Kiowa County Press


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Prairie Post (White City, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 2, 2014

Ag Advocate Challenge investment supports agricultural education mission

BYLINE: The Prairie Post staff

LENGTH: 274  words


MANHATTAN, Kan. - Dec. 27, 2013 - Kansas Foundation for Agriculture in the
Classroom (KFAC) is pleased to announce that Morris County Conservation District
has invested its support for KFAC educational programs.

Morris County Conservation District's contribution to the Ag Advocate Challenge
pooled together with other donations allowed KFAC to reach several thousand
Kansas elementary students and their teachers. Donor dollars were leveraged to
pay for printing of teacher resources, tuition dollars to the Foundation's
summer graduate course and in-service trainings in 2013. Funding was used to
perform research and development activities to develop new delivery methods for
agriculture literacy lesson plans.

The KFAC mission is to "Connect Classrooms to Kansas Agriculture," making the
dollars donated from companies in Kansas helpful to increase agricultural
knowledge and literacy of the state's youth.

"We teach about the importance of food production and delivery systems and use
agriculture as a tool to reach core curriculum goals in math, reading, science,
history, and social studies," said Cathy Musick, executive director of KFAC.
"Currently, we reach about five percent of Kansas elementary students. Our goal
is to double that in the next three years. Ag Advocate funding is critical in
allowing us to increase our reach while maintaining excellent programming and
developing new delivery methods that are efficient and effective for Kansas
teachers."

Musick noted that KFAC is grateful to the donors and look forward to continued
support as they continue to grow the program.

More information is available at www.ksagclassroom.org.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TPP

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 The Prairie Post


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 28, 2008 Friday
                                 State Edition

Federal grant helps St. Agatha sewer extension

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 289 words


ST. AGATHA - Money continues to flow into the town's coffers for a significant
sewer extension project that is under way in the community.

Town Manager Ryan Pelletier said Thursday afternoon that the town had secured a
$250,000 funding package to complete construction of the Cleveland Road and
Pelletier Island sewer extension project. The funding, which came from the
United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development Agency, includes a
$187,000 grant and a low-interest loan of $63,000.

The news came in a joint statement from U.S. Sens. Susan Collins and Olympia
Snowe.

Pelletier said that news of the award was a "huge relief."

"Our contractors hit solid ledge on parts of the island last fall that was not
anticipated, and we needed this extra funding to finish the project," he said.
"We pulled together meetings with the funding agencies, engineers and
contractors to devise the best way to move forward and were fortunate to be able
to apply for this additional funding and are grateful to our congressional
delegation for their strong support of this infrastructure project."

The Cleveland Road and Pelletier Island sewer extension project began last July.

Once complete, the project will include more than 18,000 feet of force main
along the Cleveland and Island roads as well as 2,500 feet of force main
crossing the bottom of Long Lake. The project also involves installation of 54
individual grinder pump stations to serve homes and camps in the project area.

Close to 60 percent of the project has been completed, and Pelletier said he
expects the project will be fully operational by the end of summer.

To date, the town has secured more than $3 million in grants and loans to fund
the project.

jlbdn@ainop.com

532-9257

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

Additional $368,200 awarded to help install 15 new blender pumps and 3
underground storage tanks through the \x93Fueling our Future 100" Initiative

LENGTH: 335  words

DATELINE: New York



 Des Moines: Office of The Governor of Iowa Terry Branstad has issued the
following news release:



  Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad, Lt. Gov. Kim Reynolds and Sec. of Agriculture Bill
Northey today announced that $368,200 has been awarded through the 4th round of
the "Fueling Our Future 100" initiative to support the installation of 15 new
blender pumps and 3 underground storage tanks that can be used to distribute
higher blends of renewable fuels.  The funds are being awarded to 6 fuel
retailers to assist in installing renewable fuels infrastructure at 7 sites
across the state.









 A full list of sites receiving funding can be found here.







 In total, 217 blender pumps and 18 underground storage tanks will be installed
at 70 sites by 17 companies to provide consumers with access to higher blends of
ethanol through the program.







 The funding for the projects is from a $5 million competitive grant from the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Biofuel Infrastructure
Partnership (BIP) program Iowa received to support the initiative.  All funds
must be matched by non-federal funds, including up to $2.5 million from the Iowa
Renewable Fuels Infrastructure program.  The fueling sites applying for
assistance will also be required to provide a minimum of $2.5 million.







 Pumps and tanks funded through this round of funding for the program are
required to be operational by the end of the federal fiscal year on September
30, 2017.  Pumps and tanks funded through this program are required to be in
operations for the intended purpose of dispensing higher blends of ethanol for
at least 5-years from the date they enter service.







 This new program is a partnership across state government, including
collaboration between the Governor's office, Iowa Department of Agriculture and
Land Stewardship, Iowa Department of Transportation, and Iowa Economic
Development Authority.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces Support for Rural Cooperative Businesses and
Organizations

LENGTH: 905  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is awarding 29
grants totaling $5.8 million to help rural cooperatives create jobs and support
business expansion. The funds are being provided through the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program, which helps fund non-profit groups, such as
rural cooperative development centers and higher education institutions.





 "America's rural communities have incredible potential to create jobs and
expand economic opportunities," Vilsack said. "Many rural businesses and
organizations are succeeding under the cooperative business model, and with
access to additional resources, they can boost job creation and create an
environment where more products are made in rural America. The funding USDA is
announcing today will provide the critical training and technical assistance
rural cooperatives and non-profit groups need to help strengthen America's 'Main
Street' businesses."



 Development centers can use RCDG funds for feasibility studies, strategic
planning, leadership and operations training, and business plan development.
Recipients are required to contribute matching funds that equal 25 percent of
total project costs.



 Sam Rikkers, Administrator of USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
announced the 29 awardees on Vilsack's behalf during a visit today to the Ohio
Cooperative Development Center (OCDC) at Ohio State University's South Centers
campus in Piketon. OCDC is receiving a $199,984 grant to help businesses and
individuals in rural Ohio and West Virginia explore cooperative opportunities in
several industries, including energy and wood products.



 The Center also will provide a seed grant program to develop and expand
cooperatives. It hopes to assist 20 businesses and eight start-ups. These
efforts are projected to create or save 40 jobs. The Center has provided more
than 2,900 hours of technical assistance since 2011, creating 194 jobs and
retaining 229.



 The Texas Rural Cooperative Center (TRCC) at The University of Texas-Rio Grande
Valley is receiving a $199,393 grant to help start, expand and improve
cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses in Texas and New Mexico. The Center
is located in the South Texas city of Edinburg in Hidalgo County, one of the
poorest in the United States. It serves a 33-county region that contains more
than 1 million poor people and the largest number of impoverished rural colonias
in the nation. The area receives additional assistance through USDA's
StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative. Through StrikeForce,
USDA staff work with state, local and community officials to increase awareness
of USDA programs and help build program participation through intensive
community outreach and technical assistance.



 Today's announcement is part of USDA's observance of National Cooperative
Month. Each year in October, the Department highlights the economic impact and
innovation of cooperative businesses, particularly in rural communities.



 Projects in 22 states are receiving RCDG funding. Funding for each project
announced today is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the grant
agreement.



 Several of the grants support technical assistance to strengthen local and
regional food systems. Over the course of the Obama Administration, USDA has
invested close to $1 billion in 40,000 local food-related projects on farms and
in communities across the country. USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food
(KYF2) Initiative coordinates the Department's work to develop strong local and
regional food systems. Please view the KYF2 website and use the KYF2 Compass to
locate USDA investments in your community. More information on how USDA
investments are connecting producers with consumers and expanding rural economic
opportunities is available in Chapter IV of USDA Results on MediumThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website..



 USDA has provided $50.5 million for 257 cooperative grants for projects
nationwide since the start of the Obama Administration. This funding has helped
more than 4,700 businesses. In Fiscal Year 2015, Oregon's Community and Shelter
Assistance Corporation received a $200,000 RCDG grant to provide technical
assistance and training to seven manufactured housing cooperatives. The funds
helped owners of manufactured dwellings form non-profit cooperatives to convert
their parks from investor-owned into resident-owned, creating safe and
affordable dwellings, and stabilized communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million
rural residents and businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes;
and funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and
health care facilities. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces Support for Rural Cooperative Businesses and
Organizations

LENGTH: 905  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is awarding 29
grants totaling $5.8 million to help rural cooperatives create jobs and support
business expansion. The funds are being provided through the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program, which helps fund non-profit groups, such as
rural cooperative development centers and higher education institutions.





 "America's rural communities have incredible potential to create jobs and
expand economic opportunities," Vilsack said. "Many rural businesses and
organizations are succeeding under the cooperative business model, and with
access to additional resources, they can boost job creation and create an
environment where more products are made in rural America. The funding USDA is
announcing today will provide the critical training and technical assistance
rural cooperatives and non-profit groups need to help strengthen America's 'Main
Street' businesses."



 Development centers can use RCDG funds for feasibility studies, strategic
planning, leadership and operations training, and business plan development.
Recipients are required to contribute matching funds that equal 25 percent of
total project costs.



 Sam Rikkers, Administrator of USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
announced the 29 awardees on Vilsack's behalf during a visit today to the Ohio
Cooperative Development Center (OCDC) at Ohio State University's South Centers
campus in Piketon. OCDC is receiving a $199,984 grant to help businesses and
individuals in rural Ohio and West Virginia explore cooperative opportunities in
several industries, including energy and wood products.



 The Center also will provide a seed grant program to develop and expand
cooperatives. It hopes to assist 20 businesses and eight start-ups. These
efforts are projected to create or save 40 jobs. The Center has provided more
than 2,900 hours of technical assistance since 2011, creating 194 jobs and
retaining 229.



 The Texas Rural Cooperative Center (TRCC) at The University of Texas-Rio Grande
Valley is receiving a $199,393 grant to help start, expand and improve
cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses in Texas and New Mexico. The Center
is located in the South Texas city of Edinburg in Hidalgo County, one of the
poorest in the United States. It serves a 33-county region that contains more
than 1 million poor people and the largest number of impoverished rural colonias
in the nation. The area receives additional assistance through USDA's
StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative. Through StrikeForce,
USDA staff work with state, local and community officials to increase awareness
of USDA programs and help build program participation through intensive
community outreach and technical assistance.



 Today's announcement is part of USDA's observance of National Cooperative
Month. Each year in October, the Department highlights the economic impact and
innovation of cooperative businesses, particularly in rural communities.



 Projects in 22 states are receiving RCDG funding. Funding for each project
announced today is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the grant
agreement.



 Several of the grants support technical assistance to strengthen local and
regional food systems. Over the course of the Obama Administration, USDA has
invested close to $1 billion in 40,000 local food-related projects on farms and
in communities across the country. USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food
(KYF2) Initiative coordinates the Department's work to develop strong local and
regional food systems. Please view the KYF2 website and use the KYF2 Compass to
locate USDA investments in your community. More information on how USDA
investments are connecting producers with consumers and expanding rural economic
opportunities is available in Chapter IV of USDA Results on MediumThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website..



 USDA has provided $50.5 million for 257 cooperative grants for projects
nationwide since the start of the Obama Administration. This funding has helped
more than 4,700 businesses. In Fiscal Year 2015, Oregon's Community and Shelter
Assistance Corporation received a $200,000 RCDG grant to provide technical
assistance and training to seven manufactured housing cooperatives. The funds
helped owners of manufactured dwellings form non-profit cooperatives to convert
their parks from investor-owned into resident-owned, creating safe and
affordable dwellings, and stabilized communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million
rural residents and businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes;
and funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and
health care facilities. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Post-Gazette (Boston, Massachusetts)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 14, 2010

FEDERAL SPENDING CUTS:;
Where to Start? Hey, How About Everywhere?

BYLINE: by Gregory D. Lee

LENGTH: 751  words


The Greece meltdown is a looking glass for the future of the United States if it
doesn't start cutting back on its insatiable spending now -- not later.

Line by line.

With the government's debt at $13 trillion and trillions more expect in the next
decade, the U.S. is about to fall off the cliff into an abyss unless something
is immediately done. With the country turning rapidly to socialism with
socialized medicine, extended unemployment payments, Social Security being
bankrupt, Medicare not meeting funding requirements soon, the U.S. will go the
way of Greece, except there won't be anyone around who can afford to bail us
out. We're essentially using one charge card to pay off another.

Congress is the only entity that can spend taxpayers' money. It is imperative
that it bite the bullet and initiate massive spending cuts in order to secure a
future for our grandchildren. Anything less than massive spending cuts will only
be a Band-Aid on a wound that requires a tourniquet. Where should Congress start
its budget cutting? It can start with itself.

For openers, the idea of members of Congress taking military flights to any
event is unacceptable. They can take commercial airliners like the rest of us.
Members who visit a warzone would be the only exception, but I encourage them to
stay stateside and let the military finish its job without them looking for a
photo op at taxpayer expense.

Don't cut, but completely eliminate the departments of Education, Commerce and
Agriculture. There is no good reason to have the federal government impose its
standards on local school districts in return for grants. Why do we need a
Department of Commerce to promote U.S. business interests, a form of corporate
welfare, when these businesses for years have proven themselves very successful
in doing just that? The Department of Agriculture serves no useful purpose other
than to give rich farmers, some of which are members of Congress, large
undeserved subsidies. Food stamps, a Department of Agriculture program, must
advertise for participants. It should stop funding the purchase of potato chips
and dip.

The Department of Health and Human Services must go as well, unless ObamaCare is
repealed. Even then, it could probably be reduced at least 50 percent.

After receiving encouragement from Congress, Freddie Mac and Fanny Mae funded
sub-prime loans to people without a down payment and no hope of making the
monthly payments. They had "no skin in the game," as the president is fond of
saying. That action almost took down the entire economy when the housing bubble
burst. They need to go out of business.

Politicians always say that cutting "fraud, waste and abuse" will reduce costs.
They have been saying that as long as I can remember. Yet, fraud, waste and
abuse continue. Politicians need a new slogan, because obviously nothing has
happened to reverse this trend. When Congress throws more money at a program, it
only serves to feed the fraud and waste.

Cut regulation. More regulation means increased business expenses, which
translates to fewer profits, which translates to less government revenue.
Congress is quick to regulate an airline's carry-on baggage policy, banks and
the gas mileage automobile manufacturers must meet, but they exempt themselves
from any law or regulation it passes. Small businesses, the engine of the U.S.
economy, refuse to hire because they continue to hear about Congress's intent to
bring more regulation and higher taxes. Until small business owners hear
otherwise, they will hold back in hiring because they don't know what the future
brings.

Bring half of our troops in

Iraq home, and send the other half to quickly finish the job in Afghanistan.
Iraq has become dependent on the U.S. to provide for its security and to rebuild
its infrastructure while banking at least $8 billion of surplus in its annual
budget. Time is up.

Stop rebuilding Afghanistan until the Taliban is rooted out once and for all.
Send all the expensive contractors home and let Afghanistan pay for them once
the enemy is defeated militarily.

End foreign aid. It only seems to make recipients more dependent on us, instead
of themselves. The days of giving Africa $60 billion dollars for AIDS prevention
is over. We simply cannot afford it.

Do these suggestions sound harsh? I think they are realistic. Otherwise, the
country will spiral downward and everyone will be left holding the proverbial
bag.

Reach Gregory D. Lee at www.gregorydlee.com.

Reprinted with permission by Northstar Wrtiers.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: POG

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2010 Post-Gazette


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 8, 2014

Farm Bill Funding for Pest and Disease Management Proerams

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 373  words


U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the
allocation of $48.1 million, provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014
Farm Bill), to projects across the country that will help to prevent the
introduction or spread of plant pests and diseases that threaten America's
agriculture economy and the environment. The economic stakes for stopping
invasive species are high, with scientists estimating the total economic cost of
all invasive species to be approximately $120 billion annually.

"Invasive pests cause billions of dollars in damage each year and endanger our
nation's food security," said Vilsack. "The funds USDA is making available today
will help partners and stakeholders develop strategies, products and treatments
to safeguard our farms and natural resources from invasive threats."

A list of selected projects and the FY 2014 funding plan are posted at
http://www.aphis.usda.gov/ne wsroom/2014/04/pdf/fyl4_farm
_bill_spending_plan.pdf

Prospective projects were evaluated by teams comprised of USDA experts and
industry representatives and were selected based on criteria that supported six
goals -- enhancing plant pest/disease analysis and survey; targeting domestic
inspection activities at vulnerable points in the safeguarding continuum;
enhancing and strengthening pest identification and technology; safeguarding
nursery production; enhancing mitigation capabilities; and conducting outreach
and education about these issues. The teams also evaluated submissions based on
expected impacts of the project, the technical approach, and how submissions
would complement ongoing USDA programs and other previously funded projects
funded under the 2008 Farm Bill (Section 10201).

The 2008 Farm Bill has provided funding for more than 1500 projects over the
last five years and has played a significant role in protecting American
agriculture and educating the public about the threat of invasive species.

The public can help protect America's agricultural and natural resources by
being aware of invasive pests and the damage they cause. APHIS created the
Hungry Pests public outreach program www.Hungrypests.com to empower Americans
with the knowledge they need to leave these "hungry pests" behind.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Kiowa County Press


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 26, 2009 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

Sled clubs in Otisfield, Milo get USDA funds

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 119 words

DATELINE: EAST MILLINOCKET


Devil Sledders Inc. of Milo and Otisfield Trailblazers of Otisfield will receive
more than $75,000 in funding from the United States Department of Agriculture.

Devil Sledders Inc. will receive $50,000, and Otisfield Trailblazers will
receive $27,793.

The funding comes from the Rural Business Enterprise Grant program, which is
administered by USDA's Rural Development Office. The grants will be used to
assist in the purchase of snowmobile trail groomers for each club.

The Rural Business Enterprise Grants program provides funding for rural projects
that finance and facilitate development of small and emerging rural businesses.
It also funds distance learning networks and employment related adult education
programs.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           November 5, 2011 Saturday

United States: Basic Research to Enable Agricultural Development Project

LENGTH: 338  words


Funding Opportunity Number:  11-579
Opportunity Category:  Discretionary
Posted Date:  Aug 25, 2011
Creation Date:  Aug 25, 2011
Funding Instrument Type:  Grant
Category of Funding Activity:  Science and Technology and other Research and
Development
Estimated Total Program Funding:  $12,000,000
The National Science Foundation (NSF) and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation
(BMGF) are partnering to support a new research program to be administered by
NSF.

The objective of the BREAD Program is to support innovative basic scientific
research designed to address key constraints to smallholder agriculture in the
developing world. A significant distinction between BREAD and other NSF programs
is that proposals to BREAD must make a clear and well-defined connection between
the outcomes of the proposed basic research and its direct relevance and
potential application to agriculture in the developing world. The BREAD Program
takes the activities of the Plant Genome Research Program (PGRP) to the next
level by supporting a broader range of scientific research and by enabling
funding to be allocated to international collaborators through subawards. The
Program%s focus is on novel, transformative basic research at the
proof-of-concept stage rather than its application or development. Especially
encouraged are original proposals that address major constraints to the
productivity of crops important to smallholder farmers, or on the development of
novel and efficient production practices. Although the Program places an initial
emphasis on crop improvement, it will also consider innovative basic research
proposals from scientists in all fields of research in the biological and
physical sciences and engineering as long as the proposed research is consistent
with the Program objectives. Proposals are also expected to address project
outcomes in the context of broader societal impacts, and as appropriate to the
research proposed, engage international partners in scientific collaborations.

country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Hells Canyon Journal (Halfway, Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 6, 2010

ODA Accepting Grant Proposals for Specialty Crop Projects

BYLINE: Hells Canyon Journal staff

LENGTH: 516  words


As of December 30, 2009, the Oregon Department of Agriculture began accepting
grant proposals for project funding as part of a federal program for specialty
crops. Approximately $1 million is available to agriculture industry
associations, producer groups, commodity commissions, and local government
agencies in Oregon.

ODA is requesting one- to two-page concept papers from applicants describing
their proposed projects. Concept papers are due by 5:00 p.m., Tuesday, February
16, 2010.

The federal funds are part of the US Department of Agriculture's Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program and authorized by the 2008 Farm Bill. Specialty crops are
defined as commonly recognized fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, and nursery crops.
Oregon ranks fifth in the nation in production of specialty crops.

In December, ODA held listening sessions for producers, industry groups, and the
public across the state to receive comment on areas of need and funding
priorities for the 2010 round of specialty crop grants. Based on comments
received from these sessions, ODA has identified the following areas as
priorities for the 2010 funding. They are not listed in any priority order:

Market development and access, both international and farm-direct/local;

Product and varietal development;

Value-added initiatives;

Innovation and productivity;

Consumer education;

Food safety and trace-ability;

Certification and producer outreach, including, but not limited to, GAP/GHP,
identity preserved, organic, sustainability, or other market assurance programs.

An advisory board of industry representatives will evaluate concept papers and
select the top ranked applicants by March 15, 2010. Successful applicants will
then be asked to submit full proposals by April 30 for further review. Projects
chosen to receive funding will be announced by October or November of 2010.

ODA and the advisory board will be looking for innovative proposals, and
encourage interested parties to work regionally to submit collaborative project
proposals that benefit Oregon producers as well as partners in other states that
share common specialty crops. Projects that benefit new producers or socially
disadvantaged farmers are also strongly encouraged.

Concept papers may be submitted for a project funding level minimum of $25,000
and a maximum of $100,000, and for a project timeline of up to two years.
Applicants are highly encouraged to provide a dollar-for-dollar cash match.
Applications without a match will not be valued as highly as those with a match.

Concept papers can be submitted online and must be received by February 16,2010
at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Daylight Time to be considered for funding.

ODA staff is available to provide applicants an understanding of the 2010
granting process and requirements. However, to ensure that all applicants
receive equal treatment, staff cannot provide assistance with preparing concept
papers.

Directions on submitting concept papers and other information is available at
oregon.gov/ODA/grants_spec_crops.shtml or by contacting ODA's Agricultural
Development and Marketing Division at 503-872-6600.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HEL

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Hells Canyon Journal


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News

                                February 2, 2006

Program nips at agricultural crime.

BYLINE: Joann Groff

LENGTH: 482 words



HIGHLIGHT: Central Valley Rural Crime Prevention Program


Feb. 2--Tulare County ranks No. 2 nationwide in agricultural production. The
endless miles of oranges, cows and vineyards are the reason ag crime is such an
important issue in the San Joaquin Valley.

District Attorney Phil Cline will address the Board of Supervisors about the
impact of agricultural crime and its prevention at Tuesday's meeting.

William Yoshimoto, supervising attorney, said the presentation will focus on how
the successful ag-crime prevention programs have had an effect on the county, as
well as what is to come.

During the past five years, Central Valley Rural Crime Prevention Program and
the Agricultural Crime Technology Information and Operation Network coordinators
have formed and operated the only ag-crime database in the nation, containing
information from 11 counties.

Detectives and prosecutors for this special team have recovered more than $3.7
million worth of the $10 million lost in ag crimes last year. The property
return rate for ag crimes is at about 35 percent, more than double the average
national rate for property crimes.

"Agriculture is the No. 1 economic driver in the San Joaquin Valley and Tulare
County," Yoshimoto said. "It's No. 1 from a cultural and social aspect -- our
desire to confront issues that are affecting that is natural for us.

"Ag crime has been increasing over the past 10 years," he said. "But the last
five years we've been able to system track types and amount of crime and where
it's taking place."

Yoshimoto said despite how important agriculture is to the area, it is often
kept out of the limelight. Cline, author of the ACTION Plan, agrees.

"Little national attention has been paid to the problem of agricultural crime,
that if left unchecked, endangers an entire industry that is vital to America,"
Cline said. "A farmer or rancher may suffer loss to weather or other events of
nature, but we intend to see he does not suffer loss due to criminals. Now is
not the time to reduce resources committed to this fight."

ACTION program funding comes up for review every year. Yoshimoto, who is also
the project director, said last year the team fought a tough battle to stay
afloat.

"It's always uncertain for us," Yoshimoto said. "We don't sell a product. We are
at the mercy of funding agencies and funding cycles. We are trying to show that
because we are so effective, we are worth increasing and expanding. It's always
going to be a battle."

For more information about ACTION and other ways the county is fighting ag
crime, check out www.agcrime.net.

To see more of The Porterville Recorder or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.portervillerecorder.com/.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Porterville Recorder, Calif.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 5014412

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Regional Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KNIRITRB

                        Copyright 2006 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                       Business and Management Practices
         Copyright 2006 provided by Knight-Ridder/Tribune Business News


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 21, 2015 Monday

Washington: Blunt Votes to Fund Key Missouri Priorities, Cut Dozens of
Ineffective Government Programs

LENGTH: 511  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Roy Blunt has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Roy Blunt (Mo.) released the following statement today after
voting in favor of the FY2016 omnibus appropriations bill funding the government
for the coming year. The bill prioritizes key investments that will help grow
our economy, strengthen national security, and meet the needs of local
communities in Missouri and across the nation. The measure also rescinds more
than $5.5 billion in spending, does not fund more than 95 new programs or
initiatives proposed by the president, and consolidates and terminates dozens of
programs throughout the budget.





 "In a tight fiscal environment, it is imperative that every taxpayer dollar we
spend reflects the priorities of the American people, and the bill we passed
today does so in several ways," Blunt said. "First, it includes a $2 billion
increase for the National Institutes of Health, which I fought for as Chairman
of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services,
and increases investments in mental health services. It provides funding for
Missouri military installations and national defense priorities that will help
keep America safe and fulfill our commitment to our service members and
veterans. It funds programs that address challenges facing local communities,
including support for areas facing civil unrest, and increased funding for
substance abuse treatment and prevention. And, it includes measures I backed
that will enhance our cybersecurity and help keep terrorists out of the United
States.



 "Just as important as what this bill does is what it does not do. It does not
fund nearly 100 new or unauthorized programs proposed by the president. It does
not allow the administration to use taxpayer funds to bailout health insurance
companies, and it defunds ObamaCare's Independent Payment Advisory Board. And,
it eliminates dozens of duplicative or ineffective programs, including 18
programs in the Labor/HHS budget alone.



 "That said, this bill is far from perfect. I was disappointed that Senate
Democrats blocked the majority of the 12 annual appropriations bills from coming
to the floor this year, and hope that next year we can return to regular order
in the appropriations process. Taking up these bills one by one will give us the
opportunity to scrutinize every dollar we spend, and to spend it effectively or
not at all."



 Following Are Some of the Key Missouri Priorities Funded in the Bill:



 Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related
Agencies:



     United States Department of Agriculture Disaster Funding - $271 million for
USDA's three disaster programs:  the Emergency Watershed Protection Program
(EWP), the Emergency Conservation Program (ECP), and the Emergency Forest
Restoration Program (EFRP). Missouri will receive $1.2 million under the EWP
program, and the following funding under the ECP program:



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 21, 2015 Monday

Washington: Blunt Votes to Fund Key Missouri Priorities, Cut Dozens of
Ineffective Government Programs

LENGTH: 511  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Roy Blunt has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Roy Blunt (Mo.) released the following statement today after
voting in favor of the FY2016 omnibus appropriations bill funding the government
for the coming year. The bill prioritizes key investments that will help grow
our economy, strengthen national security, and meet the needs of local
communities in Missouri and across the nation. The measure also rescinds more
than $5.5 billion in spending, does not fund more than 95 new programs or
initiatives proposed by the president, and consolidates and terminates dozens of
programs throughout the budget.





 "In a tight fiscal environment, it is imperative that every taxpayer dollar we
spend reflects the priorities of the American people, and the bill we passed
today does so in several ways," Blunt said. "First, it includes a $2 billion
increase for the National Institutes of Health, which I fought for as Chairman
of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services,
and increases investments in mental health services. It provides funding for
Missouri military installations and national defense priorities that will help
keep America safe and fulfill our commitment to our service members and
veterans. It funds programs that address challenges facing local communities,
including support for areas facing civil unrest, and increased funding for
substance abuse treatment and prevention. And, it includes measures I backed
that will enhance our cybersecurity and help keep terrorists out of the United
States.



 "Just as important as what this bill does is what it does not do. It does not
fund nearly 100 new or unauthorized programs proposed by the president. It does
not allow the administration to use taxpayer funds to bailout health insurance
companies, and it defunds ObamaCare's Independent Payment Advisory Board. And,
it eliminates dozens of duplicative or ineffective programs, including 18
programs in the Labor/HHS budget alone.



 "That said, this bill is far from perfect. I was disappointed that Senate
Democrats blocked the majority of the 12 annual appropriations bills from coming
to the floor this year, and hope that next year we can return to regular order
in the appropriations process. Taking up these bills one by one will give us the
opportunity to scrutinize every dollar we spend, and to spend it effectively or
not at all."



 Following Are Some of the Key Missouri Priorities Funded in the Bill:



 Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related
Agencies:



     United States Department of Agriculture Disaster Funding - $271 million for
USDA's three disaster programs:  the Emergency Watershed Protection Program
(EWP), the Emergency Conservation Program (ECP), and the Emergency Forest
Restoration Program (EFRP). Missouri will receive $1.2 million under the EWP
program, and the following funding under the ECP program:



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Nevada: USDA Awards $18 Million in Small Business Research Grants Supporting
Agricultural Research and Development

LENGTH: 445  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) today awarded more than $18 million in grants to small
businesses for high quality, advanced research and development that will lead to
technological innovations and solutions for American agriculture. NIFA awarded
100 grants through the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program.

"Small businesses are adept at finding solutions that can advance agriculture,
create new jobs and grow our economy. These grants will provide resources so
small businesses can innovate and create new breakthroughs," said USDA Secretary
Tom Vilsack. "The SBIR program has provided hundreds of small businesses with
the ability to explore new ideas that have led to cutting-edge solutions to
pressing challenges and helped keep American agricultural innovative and
strong."

The SBIR program exists to stimulate technological innovations in the private
sector and to strengthen the role of federal research and development in support
of small businesses. The program also fosters and encourages participation by
women-owned and socially or economically disadvantaged small businesses.

Companies initially apply for Phase I feasibility studies, which may be followed
by Phase II research and development projects. Phase I grants are limited to
$100,000 and a duration of eight months, while Phase II grants are limited to
$450,000 and a duration of 24 months. Approximately 30-40 percent of Phase I
projects continue onto Phase II.

In fiscal year 2014, USDA awarded $7,421,711 in Phase I grants and $11,048,055
in Phase II grants. A complete list of fiscal year 2014 SBIR awards is available
at
http://www.nifa.usda.gov/newsroom/news/2014news/10_20_sbir_grant_descriptions.ht
ml.

Since 1983, the SBIR program has awarded more than 2,000 research and
development grants to American-owned, independently operated, for-profit
businesses with 500 employees or fewer.

NIFA funds and administers the SBIR program, with additional funding provided by
the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, the Agricultural Research
Service, the Economic Research Service, the National Agricultural Statistics
Service, and the U.S. Forest Service.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future. More information is at
www.nifa.usda.gov.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: $5.3 million awarded to NCDA&CS to establish produce safety
program

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, North Carolina
has issued the following news release:



 The N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services recently received a
five-year, $5.3 million grant from the Food and Drug Administration to enhance
produce safety.





 The funding will be used to ensure that North Carolina farmers and producers
are ready to comply with the stricter production and harvest requirements of the
federal Food Safety Modernization Act.



 "This funding will help our Food and Drug Protection Division support farmers
and producers in getting their businesses ready to meet these new requirements,"
said Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler. "I am a firm believer in educating
before regulating, and this funding will support training opportunities, on-farm
readiness reviews and other education and outreach opportunities. This funding
allows us to develop our inspection programs to meet the specific growing and
harvesting needs of the farmers in our state."



 The funding will also support infrastructure development at agricultural
research stations across the state for training and outreach. Funds are targeted
to upgrade classrooms and provide hands-on indoor and outdoor demonstration
areas. The goal is to provide training in best practices, from planting to
post-harvest. These include demonstrations of growing, harvesting, packing and
holding produce.



 The division will also partner with N.C. State University for on-farm readiness
reviews. These two-day reviews will utilize NCSU produce specialists, as well as
NCDA&CS staff, and provide direct feedback to farmers on produce safety
implementation efforts.



 FDA awarded a total of $21.8 million to 42 states to help implement FSMA's
produce safety rule. The rule, which the FDA finalized in November of 2015,
establishes science-based minimum standards for the safe growing, harvesting,
packing and holding of fruits and vegetables grown for human consumption.



 The NCDA&CS Food and Drug Protection Division protects the health, welfare and
economic interests of consumers of foods, drugs, livestock feeds, fertilizers
and medical devices by ensuring, through inspections and analysis, that these
products are wholesome and properly labeled.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: $5.3 million awarded to NCDA&CS to establish produce safety
program

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, North Carolina
has issued the following news release:



 The N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services recently received a
five-year, $5.3 million grant from the Food and Drug Administration to enhance
produce safety.





 The funding will be used to ensure that North Carolina farmers and producers
are ready to comply with the stricter production and harvest requirements of the
federal Food Safety Modernization Act.



 "This funding will help our Food and Drug Protection Division support farmers
and producers in getting their businesses ready to meet these new requirements,"
said Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler. "I am a firm believer in educating
before regulating, and this funding will support training opportunities, on-farm
readiness reviews and other education and outreach opportunities. This funding
allows us to develop our inspection programs to meet the specific growing and
harvesting needs of the farmers in our state."



 The funding will also support infrastructure development at agricultural
research stations across the state for training and outreach. Funds are targeted
to upgrade classrooms and provide hands-on indoor and outdoor demonstration
areas. The goal is to provide training in best practices, from planting to
post-harvest. These include demonstrations of growing, harvesting, packing and
holding produce.



 The division will also partner with N.C. State University for on-farm readiness
reviews. These two-day reviews will utilize NCSU produce specialists, as well as
NCDA&CS staff, and provide direct feedback to farmers on produce safety
implementation efforts.



 FDA awarded a total of $21.8 million to 42 states to help implement FSMA's
produce safety rule. The rule, which the FDA finalized in November of 2015,
establishes science-based minimum standards for the safe growing, harvesting,
packing and holding of fruits and vegetables grown for human consumption.



 The NCDA&CS Food and Drug Protection Division protects the health, welfare and
economic interests of consumers of foods, drugs, livestock feeds, fertilizers
and medical devices by ensuring, through inspections and analysis, that these
products are wholesome and properly labeled.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    San Miguel Basin Forum (Nucla, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 26, 2015

$18 Million Available to Support Training for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers

BYLINE: San Miguel Basin Forum staff

LENGTH: 259  words


The US Department of Agriculture announced more than $18 million in funding
available to support training, mentoring, and development of beginning farmers
and ranchers through the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program. We
helped create and advocate for this program in the 2002 Farm Bill. It was
finally funded in the 2008 Farm Bill.

The need was clear then and remains so today. A number of beginning farmers and
ranchers don't have direct roots to agriculture. While they yearn for the
honest, hard work you find in farming or ranching, they need help learning the
ropes. The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program awards grants to
organizations implementing programs to train beginning farmers and ranchers.
Funding includes support for workshops, farmer-to-farmer mentoring, and
technical assistance.

Since the program was first funded and put on the ground in 2009, 145 awards
have been made. That's more than $71 million dedicated to giving the next
generation of farmers and ranchers the know-how to succeed.

A focus on projects for veteran beginning farmers and ranchers has been added
this time. It joins previous set-asides for socially-disadvantaged,
limited-resource, or farmworkers who want a start in agriculture.

Organizations experienced in serving beginning farmers and ranchers must submit
their applications by March 13, 2015. If you are a beginning farmer or rancher
looking to find training and mentoring opportunities, call us at 402.687.2100 or
send an email to tracib@cfra.org We'll point you in the right direction.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SMG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 San Miguel Basin Forum


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                               November 17, 2000

Cutting Edge

BYLINE: Kevin Butt

SECTION: No.1462; Pg.24

LENGTH: 616 words


Ground-breaking research into worms could be vital for the environment and life
itself

Earthworms have been studied closely for more than a century. Charles Darwin
produced a book on the creatures that has observations that are still relevant
today. However, there is still a great deal that is not known about them - and a
great deal that we can gain from them.

With funding from the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, I
worked with soil physicists from the United States Department of Agriculture's
Agricultural Research Service at the North Appalachian Experimental Watershed in
the United States, spending several months characterising the burrows of lob
worms using acrylic resin casts. Coupled with water infiltration experiments,
this allowed us to calculate the amount of water taken into the soil through
"macropores" produced by these worms. The results suggested that the presence of
this alien species in Ohio agricultural systems prevented tremendous
over-surface water flow and associated erosion.

Through work funded by Manchester Airport, my research group has recorded
earthworm species, numbers and masses at grassland sites translocated by the
construction of the second runway. These data are of vital importance as a
number of protected species that feed on earthworms, such as great-crested newts
and badgers, were also translocated during this development.

As agents in the improvement, and even formation, of soil, earthworms play an
important role simply by going about their everyday activities.

Over the past two years, British Council funding has enabled me to visit Poland,
where I have studied, in conjunction with workers from Rzeszow, the earthworms
of the Bieszczady National Park. The basic ecology of certain animals, such as
Allolobophora carpathica, an endemic species of the beech forests of the
Carpathian Mountains, has remained relatively unknown. This species is now being
reared in laboratories, where its potential for soil restoration is being
studied.

Forthcoming "ground-breaking" research in Finland, funded by the Leverhulme
Trust, will focus on dispersal and distribution patterns of lob worms. Although
this species was recognised and named by Linnaeus in the 18th century, some
fundamental aspects of its ecology are still not fully understood. When do
hatchling earthworms "strike out" from the parental midden? Do they occupy
vacated adult burrows? Or is there a need to dig and extend a burrow as they
grow? Equally, these sexually reproducing, albeit hermaphroditic, organisms need
to seek gene exchange from distantly related kin. Therefore, overland travel,
far from being a result of the flooding of a burrow, may be an evolutionary
trait to prevent inbreeding.

This work builds on previous research in which we examined this animal's mating
behaviour using infrared cameras to videotape sequences lasting several hours.
Far from being a simple, mechanistic process, the lob worms, on encountering
each other, "check out" their potential partner through reciprocated burrow
visits before mating.

Two other major areas of earthworm research that our group is preparing to
investigate are the use of certain species for degradation of waste organic
matter and their use as tools for assessing ecotoxicological substances. The
former is of growing importance now that increased recycling initiatives are
proposed. The latter is also vital, as we continue to produce chemicals that may
have detrimental effects on the environment and the life, including ourselves,
within it.

Kevin Butt is principal lecturer in environmental management at the University
of Central Lancashire.


LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Magazine

                      Copyright 2000 TSL Education Limited


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 25, 2009 Tuesday

Volunteer fire depts. get DNR funding

BYLINE: Cumberland Times News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 332 words


Aug. 25--CUMBERLAND -- The Maryland Department of Natural Resources Forest
Service has awarded its 2009 Volunteer Fire Assistance grants to 44 volunteer
fire departments across the state; 13 of of which are in Allegany County and one
in Garrett County.

"I am heartened that we are able to support the courageous work of these
volunteers, and the lives, property and resources they protect," DNR Secretary
John Griffin said in a Monday press release.

The grant funds provided by the United States Department of Agriculture Forest
Service this year was $97,567 in match funding to complete $298,500 in total
project cost. The funds will be used toward projects focusing on increasing
capacity for wildland fire suppression needs in rural communities.

Those volunteer fire departments awarded grant monies in Allegany County
included Barton, Bedford Road, Clarysville, Corriganville, Cresaptown,
Ellerslie; Good Will, LaVale, Mount Savage, Oldtown, Potomac, Rawlings and
Shaft. Bittinger was the only recipient in Garrett County.

"The volunteer fire departments play a vital role in protecting communities from
wildfires," DNR State Fire Supervisor Monte Mitchell said in Monday's press
release. "The grants help these fire departments increase their effectiveness
and safety in combating wildland fires in Maryland."

Ten other volunteer fire departments also received wildland hand tools that are
used for fire suppression.

For more information about the VFA program in Maryland, visit the Forest
Services Wildland Fire Management Web site at www.dnr.state.md.us/
forests/wfm.asp.

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Cumberland Times News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090825-UM-Volunteer-fire-depts-get-DNR-funding-0825

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                                 Copyright 2009


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                  May 12, 2012

                           Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Iowa Renewable Energy Receives Grant For $0.15 Million For Biofuel Plant In
Iowa, U.S.

   Date: 1/20/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC, a company engaged in manufacturing biodiesel
using vegetable oils and animal fats, received grant of $0.15 million for the
construction of biofuel plant in Iowa, United States. The grant was provided by
United States Department of Agriculture, through its Bio-energy Program for
Advanced Biofuels.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."


Iowa Renewable Energy Completes Private Placement Of $19.37 Million

   Date: 9/30/2006 12:00:00 AM

   Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC, a company engaged in manufacturing biodiesel
using vegetable oils and animal fats, received grant of $0.15 million for the
construction of biofuel plant in Iowa, United States. The grant was provided by
United States Department of Agriculture, through its Bio-energy Program for
Advanced Biofuels.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Events                                  Investments
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2012


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                  May 13, 2012

                            Griffin Industries, Inc.

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Griffin Industries Receives Grant Of $0.01 Million For Butler Biodiesel Plant In
Kentucky, U.S.

   Date: 1/20/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Griffin Industries, Inc., a company engaged in the production of biodiesel
fuel, received grant of $0.01 million for the construction of biofuel plant in
Kentucky, United States. The grant was provided by United States Department of
Agriculture, through its Bio-energy Program for Advanced Biofuels. The plant has
a total production capacity of 7 million litres.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."


Darling International To Acquire Griffin Industries

   Date: 11/9/2010 12:00:00 AM

   Griffin Industries, Inc., a company engaged in the production of biodiesel
fuel, received grant of $0.01 million for the construction of biofuel plant in
Kentucky, United States. The grant was provided by United States Department of
Agriculture, through its Bio-energy Program for Advanced Biofuels. The plant has
a total production capacity of 7 million litres.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Events                                  Investments
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2012


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Aberdeen Times (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 6, 2011

USDA ups ante to protect prime sage-grouse habitat

BYLINE: The Aberdeen Times staff

LENGTH: 398  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) will provide approximately $18.2
million in additional financial assistance to help eligible ranchers in Idaho,
Utah, Wyoming conserve critical sage-grouse habitats through the Grassland
Reserve Program (GRP), according to an announcement by Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack.

"USDA and its partners are taking a proactive approach to maintaining large and
intact grazing lands that support healthy sage-grouse populations," Vilsack
said. "GRP will provide these states with another tool to conserve this at-risk
species and also protect important ranch lands."

Of the total, $5.5 million has been allotted to Idaho, $2.3 million to Utah and
$ 10.4 million to Wyoming.

GRP, a voluntary program, allows ranchers and farmers to limit future
development of the land while retaining the right for landowners to conduct
common grazing practices and operations using rental contracts and conservation
easements. USDA directs financial resources and technical expertise to help
landowners protect and restore these lands. USDA's Natural Resources
Conservation Service and Farm Service Agency administer GRP.

For the first time this fiscal year, USDA will be dedicating a portion of GRP
funding solely to protect sage-grouse habitat. This announcement means that GRP
is now formally included among the conservation programs used for USDA's
Sage-Grouse Initiative (SGI). Launched in 2010, SGI has become an extremely
successful effort in the West by targeting funding toward the removal of threats
in the most important places where sage-grouse numbers remain high. Eligible
ranchers in Idaho, Utah and Wyoming can use this funding to maintain large and
intact sagebrush grazing lands, which allows sage-grouse populations to thrive.

In addition to these GRP funds, USDA provided $53 million earlier this fiscal
year to eligible ranchers through conservation programs, including the Farm and
Ranch Lands Protection Program, Wetlands Reserve Program, Environmental Quality
Incentives Program and the Wildlife Habitat Incentive Program. Using these
programs ranchers are implementing conservation practices that conserve
grasslands that benefit sage-grouse in 11 states: California, Colorado, Idaho,
Montana, Nevada, North Dakota, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington and
Wyoming.

For information about NRCS conservation programs, visit www.nrcs.usda.
gov/programs.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ABD

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 The Aberdeen Times


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

North Carolina: NCDA&CS awards agritourism grants to 29 farms

LENGTH: 414  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, North Carolina
has issued the following news release:



 The N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services announced that 29
agritourism farms will receive funding for marketing projects.





 The Agritourism Marketing Cost Share program is administered by the
department's agritourism office with funding from the N.C. Tobacco Trust Fund
Commission.



 "I'm pleased that we are able to award a total of $50,000 in cost-share funding
to agritourism farms across the state," said Agriculture Commissioner Steve
Troxler. "For many agritourism operations, this funding can provide the help
they need to boost their marketing efforts and increase the number of visitors
to their farms."



 In its first year, the cost-share program received 77 applications requesting a
total of $409,050. After a thorough review of applications, 29 farms were
selected to receive grants for projects ranging from directional signage and
marketing brochures to website development and branding. Individual grants
ranged from $360 to $6,000.



 The following farms received grants:



     High Country Ginseng, Boone

     C.V. Pilson Farm, Cameron

     Flint Rock Farm, Cameron

     Windy Hill Farm, Cedar Grove

     Raised In A Barn Farm, Chocowinity

     Hubb's Corn Maze, Clinton

     Yadkin Valley Farms, East Bend

     Minka Farm, Efland

     Sanderson Farm, Four Oaks

     Poplar Creek Farm, Green Mountain

     Hickory Creek Farm, Greensboro

     Brothers On Farms, Hayesville

     Stepp's Hillcrest Orchard, Hendersonville

     Wise Acres Organic Farm, Indian Trail

     Good Karma Ranch, Iron Station

     Addison Vineyard Farms, Leicester

     English Farmstead Cheese, Marion

     Renfrow Farms, Matthews

     Granville Corn Maze, Oxford

     Wehrloom Honey, Robbinsville

     Briar Creek Nursery, Rocky Mount

     Bradley Farms, Saluda

     Creekside Farm, Selma

     Huckleberry Trail Farm, Siler City

     Celebrity Dairy LLC, Siler City

     The Farmers' Daughter, Taylorsville

     Medlin Family Farm, Wake Forest

     Yellow Wolf Farm, Walkertown

     Cold Mountain Corn Maze, Waynesville



 North Carolina is home to more than 700 agritourism farms, making it one of the
nation's top states for agritourism. Operations vary from pick-your-own
strawberries and choose-and-cut Christmas trees to weekend wedding venues and
monthlong farm stays





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

North Carolina: NCDA&CS awards agritourism grants to 29 farms

LENGTH: 415  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, North Carolina
has issued the following news release:



 The N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services announced that 29
agritourism farms will receive funding for marketing projects.





 The Agritourism Marketing Cost Share program is administered by the
department's agritourism office with funding from the N.C. Tobacco Trust Fund
Commission.



 "I'm pleased that we are able to award a total of $50,000 in cost-share funding
to agritourism farms across the state," said Agriculture Commissioner Steve
Troxler. "For many agritourism operations, this funding can provide the help
they need to boost their marketing efforts and increase the number of visitors
to their farms."



 In its first year, the cost-share program received 77 applications requesting a
total of $409,050. After a thorough review of applications, 29 farms were
selected to receive grants for projects ranging from directional signage and
marketing brochures to website development and branding. Individual grants
ranged from $360 to $6,000.



 The following farms received grants:



     High Country Ginseng, Boone

     C.V. Pilson Farm, Cameron

     Flint Rock Farm, Cameron

     Windy Hill Farm, Cedar Grove

     Raised In A Barn Farm, Chocowinity

     Hubb's Corn Maze, Clinton

     Yadkin Valley Farms, East Bend

     Minka Farm, Efland

     Sanderson Farm, Four Oaks

     Poplar Creek Farm, Green Mountain

     Hickory Creek Farm, Greensboro

     Brothers On Farms, Hayesville

     Stepp's Hillcrest Orchard, Hendersonville

     Wise Acres Organic Farm, Indian Trail

     Good Karma Ranch, Iron Station

     Addison Vineyard Farms, Leicester

     English Farmstead Cheese, Marion

     Renfrow Farms, Matthews

     Granville Corn Maze, Oxford

     Wehrloom Honey, Robbinsville

     Briar Creek Nursery, Rocky Mount

     Bradley Farms, Saluda

     Creekside Farm, Selma

     Huckleberry Trail Farm, Siler City

     Celebrity Dairy LLC, Siler City

     The Farmers' Daughter, Taylorsville

     Medlin Family Farm, Wake Forest

     Yellow Wolf Farm, Walkertown

     Cold Mountain Corn Maze, Waynesville



 North Carolina is home to more than 700 agritourism farms, making it one of the
nation's top states for agritourism. Operations vary from pick-your-own
strawberries and choose-and-cut Christmas trees to weekend wedding venues and
monthlong farm stays.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 26, 2016 Thursday

North Carolina: NCDA&CS awards agritourism grants to 29 farms

LENGTH: 414  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, North Carolina
has issued the following news release:



 he N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services announced that 29
agritourism farms will receive funding for marketing projects.





 The Agritourism Marketing Cost Share program is administered by the
department's agritourism office with funding from the N.C. Tobacco Trust Fund
Commission.



 "I'm pleased that we are able to award a total of $50,000 in cost-share funding
to agritourism farms across the state," said Agriculture Commissioner Steve
Troxler. "For many agritourism operations, this funding can provide the help
they need to boost their marketing efforts and increase the number of visitors
to their farms."



 In its first year, the cost-share program received 77 applications requesting a
total of $409,050. After a thorough review of applications, 29 farms were
selected to receive grants for projects ranging from directional signage and
marketing brochures to website development and branding. Individual grants
ranged from $360 to $6,000.



 The following farms received grants:



     High Country Ginseng, Boone

     C.V. Pilson Farm, Cameron

     Flint Rock Farm, Cameron

     Windy Hill Farm, Cedar Grove

     Raised In A Barn Farm, Chocowinity

     Hubb's Corn Maze, Clinton

     Yadkin Valley Farms, East Bend

     Minka Farm, Efland

     Sanderson Farm, Four Oaks

     Poplar Creek Farm, Green Mountain

     Hickory Creek Farm, Greensboro

     Brothers On Farms, Hayesville

     Stepp's Hillcrest Orchard, Hendersonville

     Wise Acres Organic Farm, Indian Trail

     Good Karma Ranch, Iron Station

     Addison Vineyard Farms, Leicester

     English Farmstead Cheese, Marion

     Renfrow Farms, Matthews

     Granville Corn Maze, Oxford

     Wehrloom Honey, Robbinsville

     Briar Creek Nursery, Rocky Mount

     Bradley Farms, Saluda

     Creekside Farm, Selma

     Huckleberry Trail Farm, Siler City

     Celebrity Dairy LLC, Siler City

     The Farmers' Daughter, Taylorsville

     Medlin Family Farm, Wake Forest

     Yellow Wolf Farm, Walkertown

     Cold Mountain Corn Maze, Waynesville



 North Carolina is home to more than 700 agritourism farms, making it one of the
nation's top states for agritourism. Operations vary from pick-your-own
strawberries and choose-and-cut Christmas trees to weekend wedding venues and
monthlong farm stays.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Montmorency County Tribune (Atlanta, Michigan)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 18, 2012

Three-year Bovine TB risk mitigation project a success

BYLINE: The Montmorency County Tribune staff

LENGTH: 617  words


The Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (MDARD), in
collaboration with the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Wildlife
Services (WS), and four Michigan Conservation Districts (CDs) have successfully
reached their three-year goal of protecting Michigan cattle farms in the highest
risk areas for bovine Tuberculosis (TB).

The $3.6 million project is a combined effort between Michigan's cattlemen,
local conservation districts, state and federal government agencies, and
Michigan State University Extension to aid producers with their risk mitigation
methods in northern lower Michigan.

The Alpena Conservation District (CD) and staff receive special recognition
awards for their outstanding efforts in delivering the Wildlife Risk Mitigation
Project during the Michigan Association of Conservation Districts Annual
Convention awards banquet on December 8, 2011. Alpena Conservation District's
Randall Mellberg and Emily Sewell, TB Conservationists in the Alpena CD office,
were specifically recognized for their outstanding contributions to the
development and implementation of WRMP in the state.

Wildlife Risk Mitigation was an initiative of both USDA Wildlife Services and
MDARD in early 2003. Pilot projects conducted by USDA's scientists on cervid
facilities and cattle farms in northern Michigan found that tools such as
fencing, hay storage units, and the use of dogs lowered the risk of disease
transmission. MDARD began the official sign-up program in 2009, and since then
nearly 900 cattle producers have participated in the Wildlife Risk Mitigation
Project to assess their on-farm risks and complete biosecurity plans.
Ninety-four percent have become risk mitigated.

In addition to completing risk assessments and biosecurity plans, Mellberg and
Sewell have facilitated the construction and cost-sharing of 65 feed security
hoop barns and a handful offencingprojects in Alpena, Alcona, Montmorency, and
Presque Isle counties. To date, livestock producers have accessed more than $1.2
million in assistance funding, and have invested an additional $401,000 of
personal funds in improvement to farm biosecurity.

Earlier in 2011, Michigan U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow secured $1.5 million in
funding for cattle producers in 11 counties (Alcona, Alpena, Antrim, Charlevoix,
Cheboygan, Crawford, Emmet, Montmorency, Oscoda, Otsego, and Presque Isle) in
the Northern Lower Peninsula through the USDA Natural Resources Conservation
Service (NRCS) Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP). Producers match
these funds with 25 percent of their own money.

Conservation practices funded with Bovine TB Initiative/EQIP funds include:
brush management, cattle access control, cattle trails and walkways, fencing,
forage harvest management, heavy use area protection, pasture and hayland
planting, prescribed grazing, roof runoff structures, stream crossings,
underground outlets, water pipelines, water tanks, waste facility cover, waste
storage facilities, wells and windbreaks. All of the $1.5 million in funding was
allocated; and 87 livestock producers' EQIP contracts were approved for
implementation. Some conservation practices were completed in 2011 and others
will be completed in 2012.

The 14,000 cattle producers in Michigan, which maintain 1.2 million beef and
dairy animals, benefit from the Bovine TB Eradication and Wildlife Risk
Mitigation Programs because transmission of the disease is prevented, thus
allowing access to national and international markets. In 2011, 57 Lower
Michigan counties joined the Upper Peninsula in obtaining Bovine TB-Free Status.

For more information on the Wildlife Risk Mitigation Project, visit
www.michigan.gov/emergingdiseases.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MUY

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                 Copyright 2012 The Montmorency County Tribune


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   October 11, 1990, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Challenge expected on farm subsidies

BYLINE: Peter Morton

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 305 words

DATELINE: Ottawa,Ont.


The U.S. says it spends only US$24 billion supporting its domestic agriculture
industry - far less than many countries think - according to a proposal on
reforming farm trade to be submitted to the Uruguay Round of world trade
liberalization talks.

The U.S. proposal, obtained by The Post but not yet submitted to the General
Agreement on Tariffs & Trade, is expected to be challenged by the European
Community for excluding indirect programs designed to keep farmers on the land.

By denying such programs fall under its protectionist umbrella, the U.S. would
be able to keep the plans off the negotiating table during the upcoming final
round of GATT talks.

The extent of such farm subsidies is to be a major part of talks which get under
way in St. John's today among the four members of the so-called Quadrilateral -
Canada, the European Community, Japan and the U.S. The talks end Saturday.

Canadian trade negotiators said they hope the talks will succeed in closing the
gap among the four countries enough to be able to reach a deal on cutting
trade-distorting export subsidies by the time the Uruguay Round of the GATT ends
in Brussels in December.

''We don't want to have a crisis before we get to Brussels,'' a senior Canadian
trade official said.

U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills is scheduled to meet with Trade Minister
John Crosbie today before formal Quadrilateral talks get under way.

Officials are not optimistic there will be enough time to get a package in
agriculture - considered to be the deal breaker - in time remaining before the
December deadline.

The U.S. says in its proposal it spent an average of US$929 million a year
between 1984 and 1988 on direct export subsidies to make up the difference
between the supported price of grains and lower world prices.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                            February 14, 2016 Sunday

Trying To Spot The Spotted Lanternfly;
Agriculture

BYLINE: Ad Crable

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 420  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


ACRABLE@LNPNEWS.COM

The dreaded spotted lanternfly - which has been found in four southeastern
Pennsylvania counties and is being sought in Lancaster County - now has a $1.6
million price on its head.

That's how much the U.S. Department of Agriculture has allocated to Pennsylvania
to try to eradicate the Asian pest before it begins destroying fruit orchards,
plant nurseries and valuable hardwood trees on a nationwide scale.

The state Department of Agriculture considers the lanternfly a significant
threat.

The plant hopper, a native of China, India and Vietnam, alarmed agriculture
officials when it turned up in eastern Berks County in fall 2014. It was the
first presence of the invasive foreign insect in the United States.

Since then, despite early efforts to control it, the inch-long lanternfly also
has been found in parts of Bucks, Chester and Montgomery counties. The areas are
under a state quarantine restricting movement of firewood, packing materials -
even lawnmowers and trucks stored outside.

Survey crews are searching Lancaster County to determine if it is here also.

"Considered an invasive species here, the spotted lanternfly could severely
impact the state's grape, fruit tree and hardwood industries. When it was found
in Korea, it attacked 25 plant species that also grow in Pennsylvania," Brandi
Hunter-Davenport, spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture,
said Thursday in response to the new funding for lanternfly eradication.

Keeping the lanternfly at bay is a national priority, as evidenced by the fact
that the $2.8 million in new funding Pennsylvania received to fight plant pests
and diseases was the fifth-most of any state.

About the only positive thing that can be said about the lanternfly is that it
is colorful and its favorite host is ailanthus, also known as tree of heaven,
itself a foreign invasive species that plagues open areas in Pennsylvania, such
as rights of way bordering roads.

So far, efforts to wipe out the lanternfly in the region have consisted of
physically scraping egg masses from trees and placing bands on trees fitted with
a sticky goo to capture the bugs. Together, those efforts have killed about
778,000 lanternflies, reports the state Department of Agriculture.

The biggest chunk of the new federal money will be used by state officials to
continue its eradication and surveillance efforts. The balance will go to Penn
State, Kutztown University and other partners for research, such as finding an
attractant to lure lanternflies into traps.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: U.S. Dept. Of Agriculture An Adult Spotted Lanternfly.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  January 17, 2003 Friday Penn/Elkhart Edition

Area Briefs

BYLINE: Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 481 words


Applications sought for USDA housing

 U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development is now accepting applications
for Section 538 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing Program funds and invites
eligible lenders to apply.

USDA is awaiting the passage of a final appropriations act by Congress, at which
time a Notice of Funding Availability outlining the level of funding that will
be available will be published. No additional time to apply will be granted
after the act is passed.

Applications will be financed through a continuous selection process ending May
16, or until all money is expended. Potential applicants are asked to provide
sufficient time to permit delivery of applications before the final deadline.
Fax, C.O.D., or postage due applications will not be accepted.

For more information and copies of the application package, contact USDA Rural
Development, 5975 Lakeside Blvd., Indianapolis, IN 46278, or call (317)
290-3100, Ext. 426.

NEW PRAIRIE

Gifted education topic of talk at New Prairie

 Parents, educators and others are invited to learn about strategies dealing
with gifted children.

Marcia Gentry of Minnesota State University at Mankato is scheduled to speak on
the topic of assisting gifted students at 6:30 p.m. (CST) Monday at the New
Prairie High School auditorium.

Gentry is a nationally known presenter and reseacher in the area of gifted
education. Her work has focused on the use of cluster grouping, differentiation
of instruction, extending gifted education as a means of improving general
education and development of student attitudes toward school.

Her topic will center on "Fostering a Productive, Positive Sense of Self in
Gifted Children."

SOUTH BEND

Service Jan. 23 for 1st homicide victim

 The On-Site Prayer Ministry will conduct a prayer service for the city's first
homicide victim of the year, 33-year-old Jeffery Willis Smith, at 5:30 p.m. Jan.
23 in a parking lot on the 700 block of South Michigan Street.

Smith's body was found lying in front of the Glo Worm Lounge, 720 S. Michigan,
about 7:15 p.m. Jan. 5.

The vigil will be in a parking lot across the street from the Glo Worm. The lot
is between Apollo Printing and Lang Feeney & Associates.

The On-Site Prayer Ministry service is nondenominational and welcomes anyone.

ELKHART

Firm donates supplies to youth organization

 The Office Barn of Goshen recently donated $2,000 in office supplies to the
Youth Action Committee of Elkhart County.

The Youth Action Committee is geared to get youth involved in the community and
teach them skills. Its mission is to empower youth through organized, assertive
projects in the community so that they gain a stronger positive presence.

The YAC has youth representatives from Concord, Central and Memorial high
schools as well as representatives who are private- and home-schooled students.


LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2003 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                               September 08, 2016

U.S. to Assist Nigeria On Climate Change

BYLINE: Chika Okeke

LENGTH: 524 words


The United States government has pledged to assist Nigeria in resolving
challenges bordering on climate change in line with its bilateral relationship
with Nigeria.

The US Special Envoy on Climate Change, Mr Jonathan Pershing, who disclosed this
in Abuja yesterday when he led a 5-man delegation to the Ministry of
Environment, said that climate change has dire consequences on every aspect of
life.

"Climate change is one of those issues that no sector will avoid because it
narrows to livelihood in agriculture communities, fisheries communities, water
and preservation of conflict and there is nothing that escapes the consequences
of climate change.

He said the essence of visiting Nigeria is to converse with the federal
government on what the US government could do bilaterally as part of their
global efforts towards solving the problems of climate change.

"The next big negotiation which is to take place in Africa is an opportunity to
advocate a discussion for the continent on climate change, its impact and
opportunities in minimizing both the impact and the problems itself.

Pershing emphasized that Nigeria being a major player in the continent has to
reinvigorate a clear leadership role stressing that with commitment from the US
government that there would be strong partnership between the two countries.

On the financial commitment, he said, "Quite a lot of resources have been
provided by the United States including in the health which connects back to
climate, food security which connects back to climate, technical assistance in
the energy sector which connects back to climate and part of our multilateral
process between climate funds which is exclusively geared for countries around
the world.

On her part, the Minister of Environment, Mrs Amina Mohammed expressed
satisfaction that President Muhammadu Buhari would attend the UN General
Assembly (UNGA 71) by September even as she hoped that Nigeria would sign the
financing agreement.

According to her, "We have done things with water resources and agriculture to
ensure that we are a concrete part of the diversification, so you will see that
the value chain we are talking about in agriculture includes crops that will be
climate resistance but we can approach different technologies to make that work.

She said though the ministry doesn't have adequate funding to execute some of
its project that they would ensure that other sectors involved in greening the
economy are investing in cleaner technology, renewable energy and climate
change.

Mohammed pointed out that Green Climate Fund (GCF) is one of the financing
mechanisms which the ministry hoped to utilize in funding climate change and
other projects but regretted that it's been difficult accessing the funds.

"Secondly, we will look at the green bonds to see how we can attract private
sectors into pipeline projects that are informed by our Intended Nationally
Determined Contributions (INDC) and through that, we can bring good revenue
flows.

She was enthusiastic that Nigeria would improve on the COP 22 agreement adding
that the ministry is working on the existing expertise to provide solutions to
climate change.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                              June 11, 2007 Monday

AGRI DEPT PUSHES FOR NFA RESTRUCTURING

LENGTH: 766 words


THE Department of Agriculture (DA) is pushing for the financial restructuring of
state-run National Food Authority (NFA) this year to help bankroll a
multibillion-peso national grains highway that would further boost farm
productivity, raise rural incomes and help the government achieve its food
sufficiency goals in the medium term.

In a statement, Agriculture Secretary Arthur Yap, who recently convened the NFA
Council to check on the status for the funding of the grains highway, said new
funding for this agricultural logistics artery will be used in part to repair
and upgrade nonfunctioning NFA warehouses nationwide.

The former NFA chief recently announced that the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas
(BSP) has approved the financial restructuring plan of the NFA, which would
involve the refinancing of some P16.5 billion worth of zero-coupon Philippine
sovereign bonds the agency had acquired in 2003.

"The grains highway is to be funded by NFA. That is only P2 billion initially
and we will need more," Yap said. "I have also issued orders for the sale of NFA
warehouses in commercial areas so that the agency can realign its operations and
match these with agricultural activity."

Yap said these NFA warehouses can be repaired and rehabilitated for use by
farmers in 2,000 rice-clustered areas and 1,000 corn-clustered areas across the
country.

Along with this move, Yap said the DA will also help farmers put up grains silos
or municipal grains centers near production areas and set up flatbed dryers, as
part of the facilities to be put in place under the grains highway program.

"This is going to be very critical because one of the reasons why prices of
grains in our country remain expensive is because we don't have a uniform
specification for drying and storage," Yap said.

He noted that in other countries like the United States, grains like corn, wheat
and sorghum are transported in bulk onboard trains and ships in volumes reaching
up to 50,000 metric tons.

"We can't do that here. We have to put our grains in bags because we can't mix
grains that went through different drying specifications, which is the reason
why we are also pushing for the standardization of our specifications,
particularly in corn," Yap said.

The NFA's zero-coupon bonds have a seven-year tenor and carry an interest of 11
percent. Yap said refinancing these bonds at this time would result in high
profit margins for the NFA because interest rates on Philippine sovereign bonds
have dropped significantly in the past few years.

Because of the expected trading gains, Yap said, the NFA may be able to raise up
to P25 billion with the refinancing of its zero-coupon bonds, which it can use
to repay some of its loans on top of bankrolling the national grains storage
highway.

The NFA acquired some P8 billion-worth of the zero coupon bonds in 2003 during
Yap's stint at the NFA. An additional P8.5 billion was bought after Yap left the
NFA.

The proposed national grains highway will directly link rice and corn production
areas to major consumption centers as well as calamity and isolation-prone
sites, Yap said.

The grains highway, Yap said, will actually be a logistics artery aimed at
efficiently storing, processing, and transporting food from production to
consumption areas.

With this grains highway in place, Yap said the NFA can handle other commodities
besides rice and corn, to include high value crops and meat and poultry products
to generate more revenues and create new jobs.

Yap said the development of the grains highway will address pressing concerns
over the inadequacy of postharvest facilities for farm produce, which has
spawned inefficient practices leading to high production losses by as much as
14.8 percent for rice, 25 percent for corn, and 20.6 percent for fruits and
vegetables.

A grains highway will also do away with inefficient, costly and slow transport
systems to move agricultural products from production areas to selling centers,
and to resolve the problem of unstable food supply and prices in "unchartered"
areas and food-deficient communities, Yap said.

Besides building silos and warehouses, he said the grains highway will include
the construction of cold storage facilities, dust control systems; the purchase
of dump trucks, rice mills, truck scales; stack conveyors, generators,
dehullers; and the repair of packaging machines and flatbed and mechanical
dryers.

These facilities will be put in place in various strategic points in Central
Luzon, Metro Manila, Cagayan Valley, Bicol, Central Visayas, Central Mindanao
and other parts of Mindanao.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture Department; Regulation/Government Policy; Government
Aid

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2007 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                  May 12, 2012

                          Inland Empire Oilseeds, LLC

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Inland Empire Oilseeds Receives Grant For Odessa Biodiesel Plant In Washington,
U.S.

   Date: 1/20/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Inland Empire Oilseeds, LLC, a renewable energy company that specialized in
oil seed crushing and biodiesel production, received grant of $5 million for the
construction of biofuel plant in Washington, United States. The grant was
provided by United States Department of Agriculture, through its Bio-energy
Program for Advanced Biofuels.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."


Inland Empire Oilseeds Receives Grant Of $1 Million For Biodiesel Facility In
Washington, U.S.

   Date: 9/30/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Inland Empire Oilseeds, LLC, a renewable energy company that specialized in
oil seed crushing and biodiesel production, received grant of $5 million for the
construction of biofuel plant in Washington, United States. The grant was
provided by United States Department of Agriculture, through its Bio-energy
Program for Advanced Biofuels.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Events                                  Investments
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2012


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Washington: Agriculture Department Clarifies Hemp Growing Guidance for U.S.
Farmers

LENGTH: 1051  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Kurt Schrader has issued the following news
release:



 After Oregon Senators Ron Wyden and Jeff Merkley and Representatives Peter
DeFazio, Kurt Schrader, Earl Blumenauer and Suzanne Bonamici raised concerns
about funding for industrial hemp pilot projects last year, the U.S. Department
of Agriculture has taken a key step by clarifying which industrial hemp research
programs are eligible for existing federal funding.





 The guidance from the USDA  provides a response to a bicameral letter the
legislators sent last year for funding for industrial hemp research pilot
projects. Specifically, it clarifies that industrial hemp would be eligible for
National Institute of Food Agriculture (NIFA) funding, though research must take
place in one of twenty-eight states with certified pilot industrial hemp
programs. Eligible applicants are institutes of higher education and state
departments of agriculture.



 While the USDA clarification that these programs are eligible for federal
research dollars is a welcomed announcement, the guidance comes as part of a
broader joint statement of principles issued in August by the USDA, the Drug
Enforcement Administration (DEA) and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on
the implementation of states' hemp pilot programs established under the 2014
Farm Bill. That statement raised further questions about other industrial hemp
policies, which are inconsistent and conflict with federal law specifically
regarding transportation, the definition of industrial hemp and the sale of
hemp.



 "Oregon farmers, and farmers across the country, have an opportunity to compete
in the growing global hemp market. However, we need to clear the bureaucratic
hurdles, and eliminate the unnecessary confusion and red tape that currently
exists for our farmers and research institutions," Schrader said. "I'm pleased
that the USDA has taken the necessary steps to provide clarification in their
guidance for hemp research pilot programs, like that at Oregon State University.
We are now one step closer to seizing on this massive agricultural opportunity
for our state and the country."



 "Ensuring funding is available to our states and universities will help Oregon
put more hemp plants in the ground and propel industrial hemp research off the
ground," Wyden said. "I will continue working with my colleagues to get answers
to the questions that remain so pilot projects like Oregon's get the resources
they need to ultimately seize on this burgeoning industry that provides a
trifecta of benefits for farmers, the environment and the American economy."



 "It's absurd to import hemp from abroad when we could be creating jobs here in
America instead," Merkley said. "Research is a critical component of getting
industrial hemp farming back off the ground here in the United States, and this
guidance is a key step to help boost Oregon's efforts in this area."



 "Investment in and support for the industrial hemp pilot program is what will
make Oregon an agricultural, economic, and academic leader in this field,"
DeFazio said. "USDA's guidance on the industrial hemp pilot program is a
tremendous step forward, and I will continue to work to ensure Oregon's
agriculture and research community have the tools they need to capitalize on
this emerging opportunity."



 "Hemp is an important agricultural commodity that dates back to the early years
of our nation. This clarification is welcome news for hemp farmers and producers
in Oregon, and in the 28 other states across the country that have removed
barriers to industrial hemp production," Blumenauer said. "For far too long,
hemp has been caught in the middle of the failed War on Drugs. It's past time
that the federal government treat hemp as a crop, rather than an illicit drug."



 "For centuries, people have been using hemp to make paper, beauty products,
food, and more," Bonamici said. "It's time for the federal government to
recognize and support the benefits that come from industrial hemp. This
clarification will increase access to funding for industrial hemp researchers in
our state to boost our local markets and support innovation. I will continue to
work with my colleagues to protect states--like Oregon--that have passed laws to
support industrial hemp."



 Last year, the lawmakers urged the Oregon Department of Agriculture (ODA) and
Oregon State University (OSU) to implement an industrial hemp pilot project in
time for the 2016 growing season and requested a timeline for doing so. OSU has
since gotten the necessary state and federal permissions to conduct industrial
hemp research trials, but the complexity of current laws regarding hemp has
delayed the university's process for getting hemp seedlings for research.



 Wyden and Merkley introduced the Industrial Hemp Farming Act last year to lift
the federal ban on domestic farming of industrial hemp. The bill would remove
hemp from the Schedule I controlled substance list under the Controlled
Substances Act of 1970, and would define it as a non-drug so long as it
contained less than 0.3 percent tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). The Senate bill now
has 15 co-sponsors. Blumenauer, Bonamici, DeFazio and Schrader are all
co-sponsors of the House version of the Industrial Hemp Farming Act.



 On November 20, 2015, 12 Senators and 37 members of the House of
Representatives sent a letter requesting the USDA provide information on how the
agency interprets its authority to award existing and competitive federal funds
for the research of industrial hemp. The letter also requested information
regarding how the USDA helps interested parties in the competitive grant
process.



 Industrial hemp is used throughout the world in thousands of products,
including paper, fabrics, lotions, canvas, rope, and construction material.
Currently, American farmers are banned from growing hemp in the United States
under federal law. But the 2014 Farm Bill allowed institutions of higher
education and state departments of agriculture to launch industrial hemp
research pilot programs if they meet certain conditions. Twenty-eight states,
including Oregon, have authorized industrial hemp pilot studies or production.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 15, 2017 Wednesday

NMSU hosts national USDA Hispanic-Serving Institution meeting

LENGTH: 527  words

DATELINE: New York



 New Mexico: New Mexico University has issued the following news release:



  The New Mexico State University College of Agricultural, Consumer and
Environmental Sciences will host nearly 250 researchers and students for a
national meeting Feb. 16 to 18 in Albuquerque.


  The United States Department of Agriculture Hispanic-Serving Institution
meeting will take place at the Sheraton Albuquerque Uptown. Held on behalf of
the National Institute of Food and Agriculture, the meeting is in Washington,
D.C., every other year and is hosted by an HSI grantee every other year.



 The theme of this year's meeting is "Workforce Diversity and Career
Opportunities."



 NMSU Regents Professor Martha Desmond, who represents the university in the
Southwest Natural Resource Career Tracks program, is coordinating and hosting
the meeting. The SWNRCT program is a collaboration among HSIs in the Southwest
United States.



 "Workforce diversity is an important and timely topic, and we've worked hard to
generate thoughtful discussion opportunities on the topic," Desmond said.



 Desmond, who teaches in the NMSU Department of Fish, Wildlife and Conservation
Ecology, said this year's conference marks the 20th anniversary for HSI funding.




 Approximately 100 principal investigators and 150 students from HSIs across the
country will attend.



 Workshops and sessions Feb. 16 are offered specifically for students or for
professionals. Representatives from the following agencies will be present:

 - Agricultural Research Service

 - Animal and Health Inspection Service

 - ARS-Beltsville Internship Program

 - Bureau of Land Management

 - Farm Service

 - National Institute of Food and Agriculture

 - Natural Resource Conservation Service

 - National Science Foundation

 - Rural Development

 - U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service

 - U.S. Forest Service



 For students, Thursday also includes information about networking in the
digital age, conflict management, land grants, applying to graduate school and
resume development.



 The day concludes with a poster presentation.



 "I was pleased to learn that 75 students will present posters," Desmond said.
"That's a high number. Those students will participate in the poster
competition, which involves judging, events and awards."



 Feb. 17 consists of a formal workforce diversity symposium and four featured
speakers, including NMSU College of ACES Dean Rolando Flores. His topic of
discussion is "Why is diversity important in an agricultural setting?"



 Other keynote speakers Friday include Jessie DeAro of the National Science
Foundation, whose topic is "Federal Funding Agencies' Role in Workforce
Diversity," and Jacqueline Padrón of the Hispanic-Serving Institutions National
Program, whose topic is "Overview of USDA Workforce Diversity."



 The meeting concludes Feb. 18 with workshops about development of leadership
skills and success.



 In order to have HSI status, universities must serve 25 percent or more
Hispanic student enrollment. The Hispanic Association of Colleges and
Universities works with members of Congress to recognize the contributions of
Hispanic-Serving Institutions in their communities. NMSU became a member of HACU
in 1989.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Washington: Roberts Delivers 2016 ARS W.O. Atwater Memorial Lecture at
Experimental Biology

LENGTH: 290  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 "How can nutrition scientists help reverse the obesity epidemic?" is the
subject of Susan B. Roberts' 2016 W.O. Atwater Memorial Lecture, which she
delivered today at the Experimental Biology meeting in San Diego.





 Roberts is internationally recognized as an expert in nutrition and a visionary
when it comes to scientifically developing and testing new methods for dealing
with obesity and weight control research.



 The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) established the W.O. Atwater Memorial
Lecture in 1968 to honor the memory of Wilbur Olin Atwater (1844-1907) and to
recognize scientists who have made unique contributions toward improving the
diet and nutrition of people around the world. Considered the father of modern
nutrition research and education, Atwater was the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) first chief of nutrition investigations. ARS is USDA's main
in-house scientific research agency.



 Roberts' research has focused on combining research on the body's energy
regulation with scientific exploration of ways to modify people's instinctive
eating behaviors to develop strategies that successfully deal with obesity for
the long term.



 She summed up her Atwater Lecture by saying that obesity is the greatest threat
to public health in our time but is currently receiving far less funding than
other biomedical fields relative to the health problems it causes. She urges
much greater funding for research and public health initiatives aimed at helping
individuals and communities manage their weight.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                           December 27, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Anger festers over farm policy

BYLINE: Sharon Hill, Windsor Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 451  words


Windsor residents witnessed the frustration of local farmers in 2005 when more
than 80 tractors rumbled down Riverside Drive and Ouellette Avenue for a spring
demonstration.

The unusual sight was just one of the ways Essex County farmers ramped up their
visibility and lobbying in 2005. And growers are expected to continue to
pressure politicians for help for farmers in crisis during this federal
election.

Essex County Federation of Agriculture president Julien Papineau said he expects
more demonstrations. Although Canadian farmers received emergency funding in the
spring of 2005 and were told more was on the way before the election, Papineau
said grain farmers are still faced with bills, basement crop prices and no
long-term government plan to tackle the crisis.

"The longer it takes for agriculture to be recognized by political leaders, the
more frustration will build," Papineau said recently.

For years grain farmers have struggled with low crop prices and what they view
as unfair competition from U.S. farmers who receive more government subsidies.
The emergency funding Canadian grain farmers received in the spring of 2005
helped with some 2004 expenses but farmers are still falling in debt, Papineau
said. World prices haven't improved and other costs such as fuel jumped in 2005.

"They're definitely worse off than where they were in the spring," Papineau
said.

Essex County corn and soybean farmers could lose about $29 million in 2005
without government aid, he estimated. The crisis hits Essex County hard because
two-thirds of farmers grow grain crops.

Events in 2005 show the desperation in rural communities. Beside the rally in
the city, local farmers took part in demonstrations at Queen's Park, at the
Chatham ethanol plant and more recently in Wallaceburg in December.

For the first time, the local federation of agriculture launched a radio and
television campaign aimed at informing consumers and the federation held a forum
on the future of farming.

Papineau said farmers are trying to get agriculture discussed during the federal
election and are asking for emergency funding after the election and sufficient
funding for the next two years.

Desperate corn growers from Ontario, Manitoba and Quebec asked for and got an
international trade investigation into the alleged U.S. dumping and subsidizing
of grain corn. The Canadian Border Services Agency put a preliminary $1.65 US
per bushel duty on grain corn imported from the United States Dec. 15. That
pleased Canadian corn growers in the David and Goliath fight who say they've
been hurt by U.S. subsidies for 20 years but the duty upset the ethanol, corn
processing and livestock industries which will have to pay more for corn.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Lassen County Times (Susanville, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 1, 2014

State refunds money to FFA chapters

BYLINE: Lassen County Times staff

LENGTH: 232  words


Good news came to FFA chapters across the state when Governor Jerry Brown signed
the budget, which included $4.1 million preserved for the Agriculture Incentive
Grant Program. The grant funding supports education programs and FFA activities.

Susanville FFA had 333 members this last year and advisor Holly Egan said the
program receives $20,000 to $23,000 a year from the state grant. The Lassen
Union High School District matches the rest, although not always in cash.
Matches can be made through transportation or other funding sources like the
federal Carl Perkins grant and the Regional Occupational Program money

In an email, Egan said, "Agriculture in California is our leading industry and
is vital to our economy The incentive grant guarantees that those funds are
directed solely to agriculture education.

More than 77,000 students will benefit from these funds and will continue to
build on their leadership development, hands on learning and career readiness."

Each year, Susanville FFA members travel to 16 to 20 events in and out of the
state and they also attend the national FFA convention in Kentucky, although
most of the money for that event is achieved with fund raising.

Earlier this year, Brown had proposed to eliminate funding for the grant, which
is designed to provide matching funds for the districts that commit to meeting
state-approved program standards in Ag education.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LAS

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Lassen County Times


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

WASHINGTON:Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces Approximately $23 Million
Available for Citrus Greening Research

LENGTH: 766  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers has issued the following news release:

At an Orlando grocery store filled with Florida citrus, Agriculture Secretary
Tom Vilsack today announced the availability of $23 million in USDA funding to
support research and extension projects for producers fighting citrus greening
disease. Huanglongbing (HLB), commonly known as citrus greening, threatens the
future viability of the citrus industry in the United States, having infected
more than 75 percent of the Florida citrus crop. This funding is available
through the Citrus Disease Research and Extension Program (CDRE), part of the
2014 Farm Bill.

"Citrus greening threatens citrus production in the United States and other
nations," said Vilsack. "It will take continued collaboration with growers,
state governments, and researchers to find viable solutions to end this harmful
disease. Only long-term solutions through research will help to stop this
disease that threatens the livelihoods of thousands of citrus producers and
workers and billions of dollars in sales."

Since the initial detection of Huanglongbing in Florida in 2005, the disease has
affected the vast majority of Florida's citrus-producing areas. HLB has also
been detected in Georgia, Louisiana, South Carolina, and small areas in Texas
and one residential tree in California. It has also been detected in Puerto
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and 14 states in Mexico. A total of 15 states or
territories are under full or partial quarantine due to the detected presence of
the Asian citrus psyllid, a vector for HLB: Alabama, American Samoa, Arizona,
California, Florida, Georgia, Guam, Hawaii, Louisiana, Mississippi, Northern
Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, South Carolina, Texas, and the U.S. Virgin
Islands.

The CDRE grants will be administered by the National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA). NIFA will give priority to projects that are multistate,
multi-institutional, or trans-disciplinary and include clearly defined
mechanisms to communicate results to producers. Successful applicants will be
expected to engage stakeholders to ensure solutions are commercially feasible.
Projects should also include an economic analysis of the costs associated with
proposed solutions.

In fiscal year 2014, NIFA awarded $23 million to fight citrus greening through
CDRE. Examples of funded projects include a grant to the University of Florida
to develop a bactericide that can be applied to infected citrus trees to reduce
or eliminate pathogens, a project at Kansas State University to develop a
therapeutic delivery system that will prevent Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus
from infecting plants or prevent the development of HLB in infected citrus, and
a grant at the University of California-Davis that focuses on using new genetic
approaches to managing the Asian citrus psyllid that causes HLB.

Pre-applications that include a Stakeholder Relevance Statement are due on June
1, 2015. Applicants who are invited to submit full applications based on an
industry relevancy review of the pre-applications will be required to submit
full applications by Aug. 14, 2015. See the request for applications on the NIFA
website for more information.

The SCRI program addresses critical needs of the specialty crop industry by
awarding grants to support research and extension activities that address key
challenges of national, regional, and multi-state importance in sustaining all
components of food and agriculture, including conventional and organic food
production systems.

The Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement
each provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief
to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access
to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative
public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made
products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to
help improve quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future. For more information,
visit www.nifa.usda.gov.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                     September 13, 2013 Friday 6:30 AM EST

SUSTA Funds are Available to Help Companies Promote Food and Agriculture Exports

LENGTH: 403  words


New Delhi, Sept. 13 -- Applications are now being accepted by the Southern
United States Trade Association (SUSTA) for funding assistance to help companies
promote their food and agriculture products internationally.



SUSTA, through the federal Market Access Program (MAP), reimburses companies up
to 50 percent of their export promotional costs - such as product advertising in
foreign markets, exhibiting at international trade shows and adapting their
product labels for foreign laws, helping them become competitive in global
markets. Hundreds of companies that take advantage of this program each year see
direct benefits. Last year, companies enrolled in SUSTA's programs exported
nearly $200 million in American food and agriculture thanks to SUSTA funding and
assistance.

"In the next decade, there will be more than 9 billion people to feed worldwide,
yet only one in 100 U.S. companies currently export," said SUSTA's executive
director, Jerry Hingle. "The Southern U.S. is perfectly suited to meet this
demand but many are missing out on the profitability of tapping into 95 percent
of the world's consumers because they don't how. We're here to help American
businesses take advantage of this opportunity by giving them the resources and
guidance they need to market their products internationally."

The Market Access Program is funded through by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Foreign Agricultural Service (FAS), and funds are directed to
small- and medium-sized companies based in the Southern U.S.

"Funding is limited, so we encourage companies that want to take advantage of
this program over the coming year to get their applications in early," said
SUSTA Marketing & Communications Director Danielle Viguerie. "We have staff on
hand ready to walk applicants through the process. It's our goal to make the
exporting process as easy as possible for small American businesses."

To be eligible for the MAP Brand Promotion, companies must be considered small
according to U.S. Small Business Administration standards. The products promoted
must have a brand-name and be sourced from at least 50 percent of U.S.
agricultural contents. Companies located in any of SUSTA's member states can
apply for funding. Those states are Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Puerto
Rico, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             August 10, 2009 Monday

Kudzu Comeback?;
With No New Pa. Funding For Battle, Invasive Vine May Make Gains Here

BYLINE: Tom Knapp

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 581  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

When kudzu blooms in August, it has attractive purple blossoms and a sweet,
pleasant fragrance.

It is also one of the most invasive species of plant to spread its tendrils into
Pennsylvania.

In 2006, the state devoted $50,000 to fund a pilot kudzu eradication program
that, one state official said last week, is showing signs of success.

A lack of new state funding, however, could give the tenacious vine ample time
to re-establish its hold on the region.

"We're still actively involved in the program," said Melissa Bravo, a weed
scientist with the state Department of Agriculture. "And every year since the
initial launch, we get a couple more calls."

The department has identified about 120 sites in the state where the vine is
growing, she said. Just recently, two sites in York County and another in Berks
were added to the list.

"In Lancaster County, however, we have not discovered any new sites," Bravo
said.

The department is still treating several existing kudzu sites here, most of
which can be found along the Susquehanna River, stretching from Marietta to
south of Holtwood.

Kudzu is an invasive vine that has covered about 7 million acres of the southern
United States since it was brought from Japan in 1876.

The climbing vine features alternating leaves, fragrant purple flowers and fuzzy
brown seed pods in the fall.

"They look like soybean plants hanging - cascading, really - down the trees,"
Bravo said. "They are impossible to miss."

The plant was added to the state's noxious weed list in 1989. In ideal
conditions, the vine can grow a foot a day.

The state Department of Agriculture asks residents to contact the department -
toll-free at 877-464-9333 - if a kudzu infestation is found.

"Once we get involved with a site, we begin a three-year eradication program,"
Bravo said. "We have successfully done that at every site we've treated so far."

The danger this time of year is the germination of seedlings, which can
inadvertently be spread and make a bad situation worse, she said.

"We were at a site today in Lebanon City where we were pulling out seedlings by
the dozens," she said. "That's our biggest concern, that those seeds will get
moved and spread the problem."

Another worry is soybean rust, a wind-borne disease that experts believe
migrated into the United States with Hurricane Ivan in 2004.

"Kudzu is a host for soybean rust, so we want to prevent any new kudzu sites
from developing adjacent to our agricultural fields," Bravo said.

To date, she said, no signs of soybean rust have been found among kudzu
infestations in Pennsylvania.

"It rarely reaches this far north," she said.

But, while kudzu eradication efforts are "succeeding as planned," Bravo said the
state has not renewed funding for the program.

"There are 120 sites (in Pennsylvania), and we are currently spraying 58 of
them," Bravo said. "If we had enough resources, we could control and eradicate
every site."

Most of the department's efforts currently are focused in the southcentral
Pennsylvania region, although Bravo said there are two to three dozen kudzu
sites each in the Philadelphia and Pittsburgh area, and more spread the length
of the state between them.

"We have sites that are 5 to 10 acres in size," she said. "I don't think
property owners realize how extensive these sites are."

Funding, however, remains a problem.

"It would take $10,000 to treat a 3-acre kudzu site," Bravo said. "Those are the
kinds of resources we just don't have at this time."

E-mail: tknapp@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A Kudzu Vine Grows Out Of Control In Marietta In This 2007 File Photo.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday

Washington: USDA Joins Collaborative Food and Agriculture Research Initiative
with Ireland and Northern Ireland

LENGTH: 580 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: National Institute of Food and Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today announced a new partnership
with Ireland and Northern Ireland that will allow the three countries to
maximize investments in research intended to help solve global agriculture
-related issues.





 &ldquo;This international partnership offers exciting opportunities to take on
issues that must be addressed if we are to meet food security and safety
challenges both now and in the future,&rdquo; said USDA Deputy Under Secretary
for Research, Education, and Economics Dr. Ann Bartuska, who led a contingent of
U.S. government officials to Dublin to formalize the partnership.
&ldquo;Collaboration among the United States, Ireland, and Northern Ireland
spans many decades, and we enthusiastically welcome this new endeavor.&rdquo;



 U.S. funding will be provided through USDA's Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative (AFRI), administered by the National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA), with additional funding from the Republic of Ireland
Department of Agriculture, Food, and the Marine (DAFM) and the Northern Ireland
Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (DARD). The partnership between
NIFA, DAFM (link is external) and DARD (link is external) leverages scientific
and financial resources to focus on strategic research priorities of mutual
interest.



 Four 2016 priority areas have been identified by the partnership, including
understanding plant associated microorganisms and plant-microbe interactions;
plant-associated insects and nematodes; animal health and disease; and animal
nutrition, growth, and lactation.



 Scientists from the U.S., Ireland, and Northern Ireland may develop
collaborative applications and submit those, via a U.S. scientist, through an
existing NIFA Request for Applications that addresses the pilot research
priorities.



 In addition to the NIFA partnership, USDA's Agricultural Research Service (ARS)
scientists are engaged in additional informal collaborative research endeavors
with colleagues and institutions in Ireland in areas such crop and animal
production, food safety, and natural resource management.  These have been
conducted under several Memoranda of Understanding (MOU) between ARS and
Teagasc, Ireland's Agriculture and Food Development Authority. The latest, with
University College Dublin Centre for Food Safety, continues through April 2017.



 AFRI supports research, education, and extension work by awarding grants that
address key problems of national, regional, and multi-state importance in
sustaining all components of food and agriculture. AFRI was created as part of
the 2014 Farm Bill, which builds on historic economic gains in rural America
over the past six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of
dollars in savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant
progress to implement each provision of this critical legislation, including
providing disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management
tools; expanding access to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing
innovative public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for
rural-made products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community
facilities to help improve quality of life in rural America.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Mt. Zion Region News (Illinois)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 25, 2013

Illinois Department Of Agriculture Accepting Sustainable Agriculture Grant
Applications

BYLINE: Mt. Zion Region News staff

LENGTH: 448  words


The deadline to apply for a sustainable agriculture grant from the Illinois
Department of Agriculture is quickly approaching. Proposals are due no later
than Oct. 15.

"These grants will help ensure Illinois farmers continue to practice the most
modern farming techniques, and that our state's rich, fertile soils remain
productive for generations of farmers to come," Agriculture Director Bob Flider
said. "They will be awarded for on-farm research and demonstrations, educational
outreach and university research projects." On-farm research and demonstration
grants are primarily for producers and farm-based, non-profit organizations.
Funded projects will research and demonstrate production practices on working
farms that characterize a sustainable agriculture system. Individual farmers are
strongly encouraged to apply.

The goal of outreach and education projects is to build credibility for
sustainable agriculture issues. Proposals should either inform the general
public about sustainable food systems or instruct farmers about the use of
sustainable agriculture practices and alternative marketing strategies.
University research projects should contain clear objectives and seek to answer
questions or address problems in the development of sustainable agriculture
systems. Any unit of government, organization, educational institution,
non-profit group or individual is eligible to receive funding through the
program. Individuals may receive grants of up to $10,000, while governmental
units, nonprofit groups, institutions and organizations qualify for awards of up
to $20,000. "These grants are targeted towards small, but meaningful, projects
that address agriculture sustainability," Laura Sova, division manager of
Natural Resources, said. "They advance Governor Pat Quinn's agenda to achieve
environmental sustainability."

An independent, 11 -member committee will review the grant applications and
recommend funding decisions. The Sustainable Agriculture Grant Program is one
component of the department's multi-faceted approach for improving water quality
by minimizing the delivery of nutrients intended for crops into rivers, lakes
and streams. Limiting nutrient runoff is key to reducing the Gulf of Mexico's
hypoxic zone. In addition, projects funded through the program help demonstrate
that voluntary, innovative farming practices for protecting water quality are
indeed working in an effective manner.

Program guidelines and application forms can be found on the Illinois Department
of Agriculture website at www.agr.state.il. us/C2000/common/SAguidelines.pdf.
Questions should be directed to Program Manager Mike Rahe at mike.
rahe@illinois.gov or (217) 785-5594.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MTZ

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2013 The Mt. Zion Region News


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces Approximately $23 Million
Available for Citrus Greening Research

LENGTH: 723  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

At an Orlando grocery store filled with Florida citrus, Agriculture Secretary
Tom Vilsack today announced the availability of $23 million in USDA funding to
support research and extension projects for producers fighting citrus greening
disease. Huanglongbing (HLB), commonly known as citrus greening, threatens the
future viability of the citrus industry in the United States, having infected
more than 75 percent of the Florida citrus crop. This funding is available
through the Citrus Disease Research and Extension Program (CDRE), part of the
2014 Farm Bill.

"Citrus greening threatens citrus production in the United States and other
nations," said Vilsack. "It will take continued collaboration with growers,
state governments, and researchers to find viable solutions to end this harmful
disease. Only long-term solutions through research will help to stop this
disease that threatens the livelihoods of thousands of citrus producers and
workers and billions of dollars in sales."

Since the initial detection of Huanglongbing in Florida in 2005, the disease has
affected the vast majority of Florida's citrus-producing areas. HLB has also
been detected in Georgia, Louisiana, South Carolina, and small areas in Texas
and one residential tree in California. It has also been detected in Puerto
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and 14 states in Mexico. A total of 15 states or
territories are under full or partial quarantine due to the detected presence of
the Asian citrus psyllid, a vector for HLB: Alabama, American Samoa, Arizona,
California, Florida, Georgia, Guam, Hawaii, Louisiana, Mississippi, Northern
Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, South Carolina, Texas, and the U.S. Virgin
Islands.

The CDRE grants will be administered by the National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA). NIFA will give priority to projects that are multistate,
multi-institutional, or trans-disciplinary and include clearly defined
mechanisms to communicate results to producers. Successful applicants will be
expected to engage stakeholders to ensure solutions are commercially feasible.
Projects should also include an economic analysis of the costs associated with
proposed solutions.

In fiscal year 2014, NIFA awarded $23 million to fight citrus greening through
CDRE. Examples of funded projects include a grant to the University of Florida
to develop a bactericide that can be applied to infected citrus trees to reduce
or eliminate pathogens, a project at Kansas State University to develop a
therapeutic delivery system that will prevent Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus
from infecting plants or prevent the development of HLB in infected citrus, and
a grant at the University of California-Davis that focuses on using new genetic
approaches to managing the Asian citrus psyllid that causes HLB.

Pre-applications that include a Stakeholder Relevance Statement are due on June
1, 2015. Applicants who are invited to submit full applications based on an
industry relevancy review of the pre-applications will be required to submit
full applications by Aug. 14, 2015. See the request for applications on the NIFA
website for more information.

The SCRI program addresses critical needs of the specialty crop industry by
awarding grants to support research and extension activities that address key
challenges of national, regional, and multi-state importance in sustaining all
components of food and agriculture, including conventional and organic food
production systems.

The Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement
each provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief
to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access
to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative
public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made
products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to
help improve quality of life in rural America.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Help Agricultural Producers
Increase the Value of Their Products

LENGTH: 688  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is making up to $44
million available to farmers, ranchers and businesses to develop new bio-based
products and expand markets through the Value-Added Producer Grant program.





 "America's farmers, ranchers and rural business owners are innovative
entrepreneurs and this program helps them grow economic opportunities for their
families and communities by increasing the value of the items they produce,"
Vilsack said. "The Value-Added Producer Grant program has a great track record
of helping producers increase the value of products and expand their markets and
customer base, strengthening rural America in the process."



 Value-Added Producer Grants may be used to develop new products and create
additional uses for existing ones. Priority for these grants is given to
veterans, members of socially disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and
ranchers, and operators of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches.
Additional priority is given to applicants who seek funding for projects that
will create or increase marketing opportunities for these types of operators.



 More information on how to apply is on page 20607 of the April 8 Federal
Register. The deadline to submit paper applications is July 1, 2016. Electronic
applications submitted through grants.gov are due June 24, 2016. Additional
information and assistance is available through the USDA Rural Development
Office serving your county.



 Since 2009, USDA has awarded 1,126 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $144.7
million. USDA awarded 205 grants to beginning farmers and ranchers.



 Value-Added Producer Grants are a key element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know
Your Food initiative, which coordinates the Department's work to develop local
and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack describes the cultivation of local
and regional food systems as one of the four pillars of rural economic
development that impacts farm family income and strengthens local economies.
Under Secretary Vilsack, USDA has supported providing consumers a stronger
connection to their food with more than $1 billion in investments to over 40,000
local and regional food businesses and infrastructure projects since between
2009. Industry data estimates that U.S. local food sales totaled at least $12
billion in 2014, up from $5 billion in 2008. More information on how USDA
investments are connecting producers with consumers and expanding rural economic
opportunities is available in Chapter IVThis is an external link or third-party
site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. of
USDA Results on MediumThis is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website..



 Two examples of Value-Added Producer Grant awards from 2015 include:



     Shoshone-Bannock Enterprises in Fort Hall, Idaho, received a $75,000 grant
to conduct a feasibility study on processing, packaging and marketing buffalo
meat, a first step in identifying potential new market opportunities.

     Sappa Valley Poultry in Oberlin, Kan., received a $49,663 grant to expand
distribution of their free-range chicken products into eastern Colorado and
western Kansas markets.



 Congress increased funding for the Value-Added program in the 2014 Farm Bill.
That law builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past six
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested $11 billion to start or expand
103,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded
nearly 7,000 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; financed 180,000 miles of electric transmission and distribution
lines; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday

Washington: USDA Deputy Secretary Harden Announces $17 Million to Support
America's Beginning Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 341 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: National Institute of Food and Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today announced more than $17 million
in grants for organizations that will develop training and provide other
resources for beginning farmers and ranchers across the nation. The awards are
made through the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program, which is
administered by USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA).





 "When new farmers and ranchers start their operations, the Beginning Farmer and
Rancher Development Program can help them implement tested strategies and new
ideas that in turn benefit all of us by reducing food insecurity, growing
economic opportunities, and building communities," said Deputy Secretary Krysta
Harden. "Today, we are partnering with organizations who recognize that an
investment in our beginning farmers and ranchers is also an investment in our
future.&rdquo;



 The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program was first established by
the 2008 Farm Bill and was continued in the 2014 Farm Bill. The program provides
support to those who have farmed or ranched for less than 10 years. NIFA awards
grants to organizations throughout the United States that implement programs to
train beginning farmers and ranchers, which may take place through workshops,
educational teams, training, or technical assistance.

 The 2014 Farm Bill mandated that at least five percent of BFRDP funding must
support veterans and socially disadvantaged farmers. This year, 10 percent of
the funding supports veterans and farming, while about 50 percent of the funding
will serve socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.



 Since 2009, 184 awards have been made for more than $90 million through the
Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program. These awards are part of
USDA's deep commitment to empowering beginning farmers and ranchers across
America.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Hendricks Pioneer (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 25, 2013

Broadband services to improve for rural customers in four states;
U.S. Department of Agriculture

BYLINE: Hendricks Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 490  words


Agriculture Secretary Vilsack today announced loans to help finance the
construction of broadband networks in rural Iowa, Minnesota, Oregon and South
Dakota. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) remains focused on carrying
out its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty. Today's
announcement is one part of the Department's efforts to strengthen the rural
economy.

"Rural Americans need full access high-speed telecommunications services,"
Vilsack said. "Broadband allows rural communities to tap into critical health
care and social services systems. It also helps even the playing field in
education, and gives small-town businesses a chance to compete globally. As part
of the Obama Administration's goal to improve infrastructure, we will continue
to fund projects that expand broadband service in rural areas."

Today's funding announcement will provide almost $40 million from USDA's Rural
Utilities Service (RUS) to install fiber networks to improve telecommunications
capability in the three recipients' service areas. USDA's Telecommunications
Loan

Program finances infrastructure that enables access to a seamless, nationwide
telecommunications network.

The following recipients have been selected to receive telecommunications loan
financing. The funding is contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of
the loan agreements.

Iowa Keystone-Farmers Cooperative Telephone Company will receive a $7.6 million
loan to upgrade its plant and complete a Fiber-to-the-Premises (FTTP} network to
help meet the current and future data needs of its customers in Benton and Tama
counties.

Oregon Colton Telephone Company will receive a $7.3 million loan to complete an
FTTP network to provide enhanced broadband services for its customers.

South Dakota and Minnesota Interstate Telecommunications Company, Inc. will
receive a $24.9 million loan to upgrade its plant and complete an FTTP network
to provide enhanced broadband services for its customers.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA has funded 557 projects in 48
states through $6.1 billion in telecommunications loan financing. Secretary
Vilsack noted that today's funding announcement is another reminder of the
importance of USDA programs for rural America. A comprehensive new Food, Farm
and Jobs Bill would further expand the rural economy-and he said that's just one
reason why Congress must get a comprehensive Food, Farm and Jobs Bill done as
soon as possible.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HND

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 Hendricks Pioneer


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 6, 2012

Farmland preservation funding in limbo again;
Farmers wait and see as budget talks continue in Dover

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 524  words


This time last year, farmland preservation looked to be getting no state funding
; it ended up with $10 million, some cf which was used to start the Young
Farmers Program, which helps young farmers purchase farmland.

In the proposed fiscal year 2013 budget, farmland preservation is slated to
receive $2 million. During a Feb. 28 meeting in Dover, the bond bill committee
discussed increasing that number. In the end, the committee agreed to revisit
funding,

Such is budget time, sa.d Robin West of the Delaware Department of Agriculture.

"The way I look at it, at this time last year we had zero; this year we have $2
million," said West. "That's an improvement."

Deputy Secretary of Agriculture Austin Short said, "The governor's proposal is
$2 million for the Aglands Preservation Program - $1.5 for the traditional
Aglands Preservation Program and $500,000 for Young Farmers."

West said, "We will have some money. We just never know how much."

'Federal money is available for farmland preservation, but it depends on state
dollars coming in as well.

"It's a three-to-one ratio, meaning every dollar we put up, we get three times
from the federal government," West said. "Usually when legislators know we have
money sitting there, they come through with funding."

However, she said, if funding from the state dries up, the federal dollars will
be given to another state.

"Once we don't make the window, the federal officials move on," said West.
"We've been very successful at getting federal funding. Maybe it's because we
are a small state, but we have ironed out our process so we can get properties
preserved through the program quickly."

When the program first started in the early 2000s, six farms were given funds
for farmland preservation. This past preservation cycle, 35 farms were
preserved.

"Delaware leads the nation in the percentage of its land area that is
permanently preserved," said Rep. Ruth Briggs King, R-Georgetown, a farmland
preservation supporter.

"According to the Delaware Agricultural Lands Preservation Foundation, 105,558
acres of land on 692 farms is currently covered by agricultural easements. The
thing about farmland is we're not making any more of it," she said.

West said she is working to streamline the process even more now that the new
Young

Farmers Program is in the works.

The first cycle of the program brought in 10 great candidates, who are in the
process of finalizing agreements wfth the state to purchase farmland, West said.

"We want to make sure all the funding is in place before we make the
announcement," said West.

How it works

The farmland preservation program invites farmers to apply to receive funding to
permanently preserve acreage. It is a complicated process, said West, but it
does provide permanent preservation and eventually brings money back to the
state.

Farmers must enter land into an agricultural preservation district, which
restricts their ability to sell the land for development. They give up certain
building rights, and must submit to an appraisal, but they retain ownership of
their land.

For more information on farmland preservation, call 302-698-4500 or visit
www.dda.del-aware.gov.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2012 Cape Gazette


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Financial Gazette (Harare)

                                 April 20, 2016

United States Provides Additional U.S $20 Million Boost to Drought Response

LENGTH: 696 words


IN response to growing food insecurity in Zimbabwe, the United States Agency for
International Development (USAID) on Wednesday announced a US$20 million in
additional funding to the United Nations World Food Program (WFP). This
contribution brings the total U.S. funding for drought relief since June 2015 to
US$55 million.

"The United States is committed to supporting the people of Zimbabwe during
these difficult times," said USAID/Zimbabwe Mission Director Stephanie Funk. "We
are committed to working with WFP to meet the immediate food needs of vulnerable
Zimbabweans, reduce suffering, and ensure families cope with the negative
effects of the drought."

The US$20 million will support WFP's Lean Season Assistance program, which
provides monthly targeted food rations or cash transfers for food insecure
people in the hardest hit districts of Zimbabwe. WFP's Lean Season Assistance
usually operates from October through March, during the time between harvests
when food can be scarce. Due to the impact of two consecutive years of drought,
WFP has extended this program to run continuously through March 2017, and USAID
has responded with significant funding.

"The UN is grateful to the United States for answering our call for additional
funding to scale up life-saving activities to reach the growing number of food
insecure individuals," said UN Resident Coordinator and UNDP Resident
Representative Bishow Parajuli. "These funds will help increase our relief
efforts to reach those most affected by the drought and other vulnerable
groups."

In response to the ongoing negative impact of severe drought, donors are
supporting more than one million affected people. The donors include USAID,
UK/DFID, Canada, Switzerland, EU/ECHO, GIZ, SIDA and the UN Central Emergency
Response Fund.

The WFP Country Director, Eddie Rowe said, "The generous additional $20 million
contribution from USAID will allow WFP to continue food assistance for 450,000
people in 12 districts over the next six months.

The eroded productive capacity of vulnerable farming households and increased
food prices have resulted in higher rates of malnutrition and school absenteeism
from school due to hunger, especially in the most food insecure districts.
Nationally, 100,000 children under the age of 5 are estimated to be acutely
malnourished. The severely acute malnutrition rate is currently 2.1 percent, up
from 1.5 percent the previous year, and likely to increase later in 2016.

The dire food insecurity situation has not spared livestock, with 22,000 deaths
reported nationwide. The drought has also negatively impacted water supplies,
with 81 percent of households reporting that water is unavailable for
agricultural purposes such as irrigation schemes and gardens.

In consultation with humanitarian partners and the government of Zimbabwe, the
UN has prepared a revised Humanitarian Response Plan, which identifies priority
humanitarian needs of slightly over $355 million for the period April 2016 to
March 2017 to address the immediate needs of 2.8 million drought-affected people
- 30 percent of the total rural population. The Humanitarian Response Plan aims
to provide vulnerable communities with food security and agriculture
interventions ($296 million), health and nutrition ($11million), water and
sanitation ($26 million), education ($19 million), protection ($3 million), and
coordination ($366,000).

In addition to providing food assistance, USAID supports WFP's Productive Asset
Creation program, which provides monthly food rations or cash transfers to
vulnerable Zimbabweans in exchange for labor on community assets such as
irrigation schemes and small-scale dams. This assistance improves rural
infrastructure while at the same time meets the immediate food needs of people
struggling during the drought. Additionally, USAID has provided $5 million to
World Vision and Cultivating New Frontiers in Agriculture (CNFA) to respond to
the drought across 10 districts in Manicaland, Masvingo, and Matabeleland North
and South. With a total contribution of $55 million since June 2015, USAID and
its partners reached 600,000 Zimbabweans with emergency assistance across the
country.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

FLORIDA:Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces Approximately $23 Million
Available for Citrus Greening Research

LENGTH: 771  words

DATELINE: Orlando


Nursery Growers and Landscape Association Florida has issued the following news
release:

At an Orlando grocery store filled with Florida citrus, Agriculture Secretary
Tom Vilsack today announced the availability of $23 million in USDA funding to
support research and extension projects for producers fighting citrus greening
disease. Huanglongbing (HLB), commonly known as citrus greening, threatens the
future viability of the citrus industry in the United States, having infected
more than 75 percent of the Florida citrus crop. This funding is available
through the Citrus Disease Research and Extension Program (CDRE), part of the
2014 Farm Bill.

"Citrus greening threatens citrus production in the United States and other
nations," said Vilsack. "It will take continued collaboration with growers,
state governments, and researchers to find viable solutions to end this harmful
disease. Only long-term solutions through research will help to stop this
disease that threatens the livelihoods of thousands of citrus producers and
workers and billions of dollars in sales."

Since the initial detection of Huanglongbing in Florida in 2005, the disease has
affected the vast majority of Florida's citrus-producing areas. HLB has also
been detected in Georgia, Louisiana, South Carolina, and small areas in Texas
and one residential tree in California. It has also been detected in Puerto
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and 14 states in Mexico. A total of 15 states or
territories are under full or partial quarantine due to the detected presence of
the Asian citrus psyllid, a vector for HLB: Alabama, American Samoa, Arizona,
California, Florida, Georgia, Guam, Hawaii, Louisiana, Mississippi, Northern
Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, South Carolina, Texas, and the U.S. Virgin
Islands.

The CDRE grants will be administered by the National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA). NIFA will give priority to projects that are multistate,
multi-institutional, or trans-disciplinary and include clearly defined
mechanisms to communicate results to producers. Successful applicants will be
expected to engage stakeholders to ensure solutions are commercially feasible.
Projects should also include an economic analysis of the costs associated with
proposed solutions.

In fiscal year 2014, NIFA awarded $23 million to fight citrus greening through
CDRE. Examples of funded projects include a grant to the University of Florida
to develop a bactericide that can be applied to infected citrus trees to reduce
or eliminate pathogens, a project at Kansas State University to develop a
therapeutic delivery system that will prevent Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus
from infecting plants or prevent the development of HLB in infected citrus, and
a grant at the University of California-Davis that focuses on using new genetic
approaches to managing the Asian citrus psyllid that causes HLB.

Pre-applications that include a Stakeholder Relevance Statement are due on June
1, 2015. Applicants who are invited to submit full applications based on an
industry relevancy review of the pre-applications will be required to submit
full applications by Aug. 14, 2015. See the request for applications on the NIFA
website for more information.

The SCRI program addresses critical needs of the specialty crop industry by
awarding grants to support research and extension activities that address key
challenges of national, regional, and multi-state importance in sustaining all
components of food and agriculture, including conventional and organic food
production systems.

The Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement
each provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief
to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access
to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative
public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made
products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to
help improve quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future. For more information,
visit www.nifa.usda.gov.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Decorah Journal (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 28, 2010

New NICC chemical tech program opening next year supported by $123,625 USDA
grant

BYLINE: The Decorah Journal staff

LENGTH: 424  words


Northeast Iowa Community College (NICC) received grant funding this month to
develop a new chemical technician program at the Calm-ar campus.

The USDA National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA), through its New Era
Rural Technology Competitive Program, awarded $123,625 over three years to
support this new agriculture-based, renewable energy program.

The two-year NICC chemical technician program will train students for work in an
emerging employment sector in science and agriculture. The NIFA funding will
assist NICC with curricula design, materials development, faculty preparation
and teaching enhancements to provide rural areas with skilled chemical
technicians.

The program opens in fall 2011 and will be housed in a new addition on The Dairy
Center near the Calmar campus. Graduates earn an associate in applied science
degree upon successful completion.

NICC will develop six new courses in the program, offer applied laboratory
experiences and include five online components. The grant allows new laboratory
equipment purchases to achieve the program's objectives.

"This program will expand our capabilities to teach advanced science coursework,
while offering a career path in an emerging career field. The skills these
students will learn will be transferable to any chemical laboratory, regardless
of the product," said Curt Oldfield, NICC vice president of academic affairs.
"Science is influencing agriculture more and more, and we felt it was a perfect
match to our already strong and respected agriculture and dairy programs."

Oldfield also noted that starting a chemical technician program at NICC is
especially relevant because of food borne contamination incidents, and that the
demand for skilled technicians will increase in order to ensure food safety.

The NIFA grant specifically focuses on enrollment and instruction for recent
high school graduates, dislocated or current agriculture workers, and students
from rural communities. NICC chemical technician graduates would qualify for
local chemical testing, analysis and data collection jobs in the biofuel sector,
such as corn-produced etha-nol and food safety positions.

NICC plans to enroll 25 students each year into the program.

Area employers who partnered with NICC to secure grant funding include Abraxis
Bioscience, Soy Basics, Homeland Energy Solutions, Kerry Ingredients and
Flavours, Cresco Food Technologies LLC, Western Dubuque Biodiesel LLC and Lynch
Livestock, Inc. The employers have current and anticipated skilled worker needs
for chemical technicians.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DEC

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2010 Decorah Journal


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

California: North Carolina: $5.3 Million Awarded to NCDA&CS to Establish Produce
Safety Program

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services recently received a
five-year, $5.3 million grant from the Food and Drug Administration to enhance
produce safety.





 The funding will be used to ensure that North Carolina farmers and producers
are ready to comply with the stricter production and harvest requirements of the
federal Food Safety Modernization Act.



 "This funding will help our Food and Drug Protection Division support farmers
and producers in getting their businesses ready to meet these new requirements,"
said Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler. "I am a firm believer in educating
before regulating, and this funding will support training opportunities, on-farm
readiness reviews and other education and outreach opportunities. This funding
allows us to develop our inspection programs to meet the specific growing and
harvesting needs of the farmers in our state."



 The funding will also support infrastructure development at agricultural
research stations across the state for training and outreach. Funds are targeted
to upgrade classrooms and provide hands-on indoor and outdoor demonstration
areas. The goal is to provide training in best practices, from planting to
post-harvest. These include demonstrations of growing, harvesting, packing and
holding produce.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

California: North Carolina: $5.3 Million Awarded to NCDA&CS to Establish Produce
Safety Program

LENGTH: 254  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services recently received a
five-year, $5.3 million grant from the Food and Drug Administration to enhance
produce safety.





 The funding will be used to ensure that North Carolina farmers and producers
are ready to comply with the stricter production and harvest requirements of the
federal Food Safety Modernization Act.



 "This funding will help our Food and Drug Protection Division support farmers
and producers in getting their businesses ready to meet these new requirements,"
said Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler. "I am a firm believer in educating
before regulating, and this funding will support training opportunities, on-farm
readiness reviews and other education and outreach opportunities. This funding
allows us to develop our inspection programs to meet the specific growing and
harvesting needs of the farmers in our state."



 The funding will also support infrastructure development at agricultural
research stations across the state for training and outreach. Funds are targeted
to upgrade classrooms and provide hands-on indoor and outdoor demonstration
areas. The goal is to provide training in best practices, from planting to
post-harvest. These include demonstrations of growing, harvesting, packing and
holding produce.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

California: North Carolina: $5.3 Million Awarded to NCDA&CS to Establish Produce
Safety Program

LENGTH: 254  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services recently received a
five-year, $5.3 million grant from the Food and Drug Administration to enhance
produce safety.





 The funding will be used to ensure that North Carolina farmers and producers
are ready to comply with the stricter production and harvest requirements of the
federal Food Safety Modernization Act.



 "This funding will help our Food and Drug Protection Division support farmers
and producers in getting their businesses ready to meet these new requirements,"
said Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler. "I am a firm believer in educating
before regulating, and this funding will support training opportunities, on-farm
readiness reviews and other education and outreach opportunities. This funding
allows us to develop our inspection programs to meet the specific growing and
harvesting needs of the farmers in our state."



 The funding will also support infrastructure development at agricultural
research stations across the state for training and outreach. Funds are targeted
to upgrade classrooms and provide hands-on indoor and outdoor demonstration
areas. The goal is to provide training in best practices, from planting to
post-harvest. These include demonstrations of growing, harvesting, packing and
holding produce.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Stabenow Applauds New USDA Initiative to Improve Water Quality in
the Western Lake Erie Basin

LENGTH: 476 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, applauded the United States Department of
Agriculture's announcement of a new initiative to improve water quality in the
Western Lake Erie Basin. The Initiative - led by USDA's Natural Resources
Conservation Service - will complement ongoing conservation efforts in the
region and invest more than $40 million in the watershed over the next three
years. That funding is in addition to the $36 million USDA has already made
available through the 2014 Farm Bill for a total of $77 million.





 "The algae blooms in Lake Erie that shut down Toledo's water system in 2014 are
a wake-up call about why investments in conservation are critically important to
the health of our Great Lakes and drinking water," said Senator Stabenow.
"Threats of future outbreaks are still a reality. This funding builds on the
historic investments we made in the 2014 Farm Bill and makes sure that there is
coordinated, long-term strategy to address these threats."



 Today's announcement follows a call by Senator Stabenow, as well as Senate
Agriculture Committee members Senators Sherrod Brown (D-OH) and Joe Donnelly
(D-IN), in July 2015 to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. They urged the USDA
to develop additional, long-term strategies - in partnership with local farmers
and producers - to help improve water quality in the basin.



 According to USDA, the Western Lake Erie Basin Initiative will focus on four
key areas to help protect and improve water quality in Lake Erie: avoiding
excess nutrient application, controlling nutrient and sediment movement,
trapping nutrient and sediment losses, and managing hydrological pathways to
reduce nutrient and sediment losses.



 These efforts will complement the ongoing Western Lake Erie Basin Phosphorus
Reduction Initiative which was funded through the Regional Conservation
Partnership Program created in Stabenow's 2014 Farm Bill. That partnership,
which is the largest Regional Conservation Partnership Project in the country
with over $17 million in funding, is working with farmers and producers
throughout the watershed to reduce phosphorus and sediment runoff to help reduce
toxic algal blooms in Lake Erie.



 Stabenow is a strong advocate for the Great Lakes. As Co-Chair of the
bipartisan Senate Great Lakes Task Force and as Ranking Member of the Senate
Agriculture Committee, she is focused on threats to our Great Lakes including
nuclear waste, algae blooms, pipeline safety, invasive species, microbeads,
harbor maintenance, and sufficient funding for the Great Lakes Restoration
Initiative.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 28, 2016 Monday

Washington: Stabenow Applauds New USDA Initiative to Improve Water Quality in
the Western Lake Erie Basin

LENGTH: 476 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, applauded the United States Department of
Agriculture's announcement of a new initiative to improve water quality in the
Western Lake Erie Basin. The Initiative - led by USDA's Natural Resources
Conservation Service - will complement ongoing conservation efforts in the
region and invest more than $40 million in the watershed over the next three
years. That funding is in addition to the $36 million USDA has already made
available through the 2014 Farm Bill for a total of $77 million.





 "The algae blooms in Lake Erie that shut down Toledo's water system in 2014 are
a wake-up call about why investments in conservation are critically important to
the health of our Great Lakes and drinking water," said Senator Stabenow.
"Threats of future outbreaks are still a reality. This funding builds on the
historic investments we made in the 2014 Farm Bill and makes sure that there is
coordinated, long-term strategy to address these threats."



 Today's announcement follows a call by Senator Stabenow, as well as Senate
Agriculture Committee members Senators Sherrod Brown (D-OH) and Joe Donnelly
(D-IN), in July 2015 to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. They urged the USDA
to develop additional, long-term strategies - in partnership with local farmers
and producers - to help improve water quality in the basin.



 According to USDA, the Western Lake Erie Basin Initiative will focus on four
key areas to help protect and improve water quality in Lake Erie: avoiding
excess nutrient application, controlling nutrient and sediment movement,
trapping nutrient and sediment losses, and managing hydrological pathways to
reduce nutrient and sediment losses.



 These efforts will complement the ongoing Western Lake Erie Basin Phosphorus
Reduction Initiative which was funded through the Regional Conservation
Partnership Program created in Stabenow's 2014 Farm Bill. That partnership,
which is the largest Regional Conservation Partnership Project in the country
with over $17 million in funding, is working with farmers and producers
throughout the watershed to reduce phosphorus and sediment runoff to help reduce
toxic algal blooms in Lake Erie.



 Stabenow is a strong advocate for the Great Lakes. As Co-Chair of the
bipartisan Senate Great Lakes Task Force and as Ranking Member of the Senate
Agriculture Committee, she is focused on threats to our Great Lakes including
nuclear waste, algae blooms, pipeline safety, invasive species, microbeads,
harbor maintenance, and sufficient funding for the Great Lakes Restoration
Initiative.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Observer (La Grande Oregon)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Local soil and water conservation district receive $4.8 million in funding

BYLINE: Cherise Kaechele, The Observer, La Grande, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 772 words


Feb. 17--Two local soil and water conservation districts were given a piece of a
large pie from the United States Department of Agriculture.

The Union County Soil and Water Conservation District and the Wallowa Soil
Conservation District were two of the chosen seven conservation projects in the
state to receive a combined $20.2 million in federal funding from the USDA over
the next five years, according to a press release from the USDA Regional
Conservation Partnership Project.

The Grande Ronde Watershed Conservation Partnership received $3.7 million,
according to the release.

By working with partners and agricultural producers in the Grande Ronde
watershed, this project will aim to implement critical watershed-scale projects
to reduce soil erosion and sedimentation, improve water quantity and quality and
contribute to the recovery of endangered salmon, steelhead and bull trout
populations, according to the release. Conservation projects include removing
barriers to fish passage, prescribed grazing, fencing, improving streamside
riparian habitat, irrigation efficiency and forest health.

The Wallowa Soil and Water Conservation District received $1.1 million to go
toward their project.

Their project, the Alder Slope Cooperative Partnership, will address irrigation
efficiency and forest health in the Alder Slope area in Wallowa County -- issues
identified as high priorities by partners and landowners at NRCS-led Local Work
Group meetings, according to the press release. The irrigation portion of the
project aims to increase irrigation efficiency by 15 percent, reduce water waste
and generate power in the Alder Slope geographic priority area. The first two
years of the project will focus on restructuring and consolidating multiple
smaller leaking pipelines into three larger, more efficient systems aligned with
water rights. The next three years will be the second phase of the irrigation
project, consisting of on-farm irrigation system upgrades such as sprinkler
package upgrades (flow control nozzles to regulate and provide consistent water
application across the slope), upgrading from flood to sprinkler irrigation, or
upgrading from wheel line/hand line sprinkler systems to a pivot sprinkler
system. By reducing the amount of flow diverted from Hurricane Creek, this
project will help to improve stream conditions for bull trout and native
red-band trout. The addition of micro-hydro plants will generate energy and help
reduce the pressure flow needed from the great elevation change. The forest
health portion of this project will create a defensible space from wildfire
between public forests and private non-industrial forest land by reducing the
density of overstocked stands, manipulating fuel arrangement and forest
structure and significantly reducing the fuel load. A catastrophic fire on Alder
Slope would result in negative resource impacts to forest health, soil
conditions, and endangered species such as bull trout, steelhead and salmon. It
is estimated that 99,000 tons of fuel will be removed. The Oregon Department of
Forestry will write the fuel reduction prescriptions and oversee this portion of
project. The U.S. Forest Service plans to take the same actions on
federally-owned forest lands to increase the defensible space.

The other five projects chosen include the  High Desert Drought Resilient
Ranching project, Water Quality and Quality in the Klamath Basin, SONEC Working
Wet Meadows Initiative, Dairy McKay Degraded Riparian Ecosystems

Most notably for these projects, Oregon conservation partners have significantly
exceeded the required dollar-for-dollar match, with a potential for up to $30
million in partner contributions.

"We put out a call for innovative and results-focused projects that will deliver
the most conservation impact," said Ron Alvarado, NRCS Oregon state
conservationist. "Our partners answered with creative, locally-led, strategic
approaches to help producers support their ongoing business operations and
address natural resource challenges in their communities, here in Oregon, and
across the nation. This level of commitment speaks volumes for the outstanding
partnerships in Oregon's conservation community."

Nationally, USDA--with matching contributions from partners--committed up to
$720 million toward 84 conservation projects across the country that will help
communities improve water quality, combat drought, enhance soil health, support
wildlife habitat and protect agricultural viability.

___ (c)2016 The Observer (La Grande, Ore.) Visit The Observer (La Grande, Ore.)
at www.lagrandeobserver.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160217-YL-Local-soil-and-water-conservation-district-receive-4.8-million-in-
funding-0217-20160217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YL


                          Copyright 2016 The Observer


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

FOLLOWING KICK-OFF OF MAPLE TAPPING SEASON, SCHUMER ANNOUNCES PUSH FOR FED FUNDS
TO SUPPORT AND ENHANCE THE GROWTH OF THE UNTAPPED POTENTIAL OF NYS MAPLE SYRUP
INDUSTRY

LENGTH: 1098  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E.Schumer, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Today, U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer urged federal appropriators to provide $5
million in federal funding to enhance the growth of the maple syrup industry
across New York State and the nation. Schumer said this dedicated federal
funding stream would provide key funding for the Acer Access Development
Program, which supports research and development within the industry.
Specifically, the Acer program would provide the opportunity for further
investment and research in this important crop so that producers throughout New
York and across the U.S. can increase production, strengthen conservation, and
help drive efficiency in maple sugaring. Maple sugaring provides income to an
estimated 10,000 maple producers spread across the country, and Schumer said
this funding would allow U.S. producers like those across New York State to
better compete in the global marketplace.

"By tapping into New York's maple industry and allowing it to expand, the
potential to grow our state's economy and provide income to hardworking
Upstaters is truly astounding. One way we can further ensure New York producers
continue to grow is to open up a federal funding stream for them and producers
around the country," said Schumer. "That is why I am urging federal
appropriators to provide $5 million in funds that would be used exclusively on
research to increase production, strengthen conservation, and help drive
efficiency for the maple industry. We need to use every tool at our disposal to
support maple production and the economic benefit it brings New York State."

Maple syrup is an important agricultural product across 10 states in the
Northeast and Upper Midwest. According to the USDA, in 2013, the United States
produced more than 3.2 million gallons of syrup, worth approximately $75-$100
million. Maple is also a critical conservation crop, which helps to keep our
forests in production, conserves important lands, protects water quality, and
provides a valuable economic benefit to rural communities. The maple industry
has seen significant growth in recent years. New York State ranks second in the
nation for maple production, behind Vermont, with 564,000 gallons produced,
valued at $12.3 million. Schumer said that this $5 million in federal funding
through the Acer program could greatly help New York State's efforts to
strengthen maple production through investment in research, sustainability and
increased production.

Across New York State, there are over 280 million maple trees with syrup-tapping
potential, with local upstate farmers relying on it as a lucrative pocket in the
agriculture industry. If provided the $5 million in appropriated funds, the Acer
Access and Development Program will greatly help these efforts by allowing for
further investment in research, sustainability and increased production to allow
U.S. producers, including those across New York. U.S. production has nearly
doubled in the last decade, thanks to recent innovations in vacuum tubing,
sanitation practices, and better taps, and this funding could better help New
Yorkers compete in the global marketplace for maple syrup.

Maple production in the US peaked in the 1800s, steadily declined throughout the
20th century, and is experiencing a rebirth in the 21st century. Maple syrup is
a luxury item that is now consumed throughout the world, yet the greatest market
for syrup is still the United States. The U.S. currently imports almost four
times as much syrup as it produces, and Schumer said that there is a tremendous
opportunity for American producers to expand production and fill domestic
markets with local syrup by utilizing this research and development funding.

A copy of Senator Schumer's letter to the Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural
Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies appears below:

Dear Chairman Blunt and Ranking Member Merkley:

We write to ask your support for a new agricultural program that was authorized
under the Agricultural Act of 2014.  The Acer Access and Development Program was
included in the Farm Bill to support and enhance the growth of the maple syrup
industry.  To ensure that this new program is successful, we respectfully
request no less than $5 million, far below the authorized level, for the Acer
Access and Development Program in the FY2016 agriculture appropriations bill.

Maple syrup is an important agricultural product across 10 states in the
Northeast and Upper Midwest.  According to the USDA, in 2013, the United States
produced more than 3.2 million gallons of syrup, worth approximately $75-$100
million.   Maple sugaring provides income to an estimated 10,000 maple producers
spread across the country.  Some are full time producers, while others are
tapping trees to help supplement their income.  Maple is also a critical
conservation crop, which helps to keep our forests in production, conserves
important lands, protects water quality, and provides a valuable economic
benefit to rural communities. The maple industry has shown significant growth in
recent years.  U.S. production has nearly doubled in the last decade thanks to
recent innovations in vacuum tubing, sanitation practices, and better taps.  The
new Acer program will provide the opportunity for further investment and
research in this important crop can increase production, strengthen conservation
and help drive efficiency in maple sugaring.

We are pleased that these new technologies are helping the United States to
compete as global demand for maple syrup continues to rise.  Competition to meet
these markets is being hard fought between the U.S. and Canadian industries.
While Canada is supplying 80 percent of the worldwide maple syrup market,
increased production and efficiency in the U.S. is allowing domestic producers
to gain ground.  If provided appropriated funds, the Acer Access and Development
Program will greatly help these efforts and allow for further investment in
research, sustainability and increased production to allow U.S. producers to
further compete in the global marketplace.

We understand that in the current fiscal climate budgets are constrained, which
is why we are asking the Committee to fund this program at only one quarter of
its authorized amount.  We appreciate your consideration of this request and
look forward to working with you to support this important domestic agricultural
product.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 14, 2015 Saturday

WASHINGTON:Advisory: Committee Schedule for the Week of March 16, 2015

LENGTH: 686  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Senate Committee on Appropriations has issued the following press release:

The following is the hearing schedule for the Senate Committee on Appropriations
for the week of March 16, 2015.



TUESDAY, MARCH 17, 2015



AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, AND RELATED
AGENCIES SUBCOMMITTEE (Jerry Moran, Chairman)

Hearing to review the Fiscal Year 2016 funding request and budget justification
for the U.S. Department of Agriculture

10:00 a.m., Room 192, Dirksen Senate Office Building

Witnesses:

The Honorable Thomas Vilsack
Secretary
Department of Agriculture

Accompanied by:

Dr. Robert Johansson
Chief Economist
Department of Agriculture

Michael Young
Budget Officer
Department of Agriculture


MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS SUBCOMMITTEE (Mark Kirk, Chairman)

Hearing to review the Fiscal Year 2016 military construction and family housing
budget requests for the military departments

2:30 p.m., Room 124, Dirksen Senate Office Building

Witnesses:

Lieutenant General David D. Halverson, U.S. Army
Assistant Chief of Staff for Installation Management
       and Commander, U.S. Army Installation Management Command
Headquarters, Department of the Army

Erin M. Kern, SES
Director, Shore Readiness Division
Deputy CNO (Fleet Readiness and Logistics)
Office of the Chief of Naval Operations

David R. Clifton, SES
Deputy Assistant Deputy Commandant (Facilities, Installations and Logistics)
       and Deputy Commander, Marine Corps Installations Command
Headquarters, U.S. Marine Corps

Brigadier General Timothy S. Green, U.S. Air Force
Deputy Chief of Staff for Logistics, Installations and Mission Support
       and Air Force Director of Civil Engineers
Headquarters, U.S. Air Force


LEGISLATIVE BRANCH SUBCOMMITTEE (Shelley Moore Capito, Chairman)

Hearing to review the Fiscal Year 2016 budget request and funding justification
for the Library of Congress and the Architect of the Capitol

3:00 p.m., Room 138, Dirksen Senate Office Building

Witnesses:

            Dr. James Billington
            Librarian of Congress

            The Honorable Stephen T. Ayers
            Architect of the Capitol



WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 2015



INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES SUBCOMMITTEE (Lisa Murkowski,
Chairman)

Hearing to review the Fiscal Year 2016 funding request and budget justification
for the U.S. Forest Service

10:00 a.m., Room 124, Dirksen Senate Office Building

Witnesses:

Tom Tidwell
Chief
USDA Forest Service

Tony Dixon
Director
USDA Forest Service Strategic Planning, Budget and Accountability


TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES SUBCOMMITTEE
(Susan Collins, Chairman)

Hearing to review the Fiscal Year 2016 budget request and funding justification
for the U.S. Department of Transportation

10:00 a.m., Room 562, Dirksen Senate Office Building

Witness:

            The Honorable Anthony Foxx
            Secretary
            Department of Transportation


DEFENSE SUBCOMMITTEE (Thad Cochran, Chairman)

Hearing to review the Fiscal Year 2016 funding request and budget justification
for the U.S. Missile Defense Agency

10:30 a.m., Room 192, Dirksen Senate Office Building

Witness:

Vice Admiral James D. Syring
Director
Missile Defense Agency



THURSDAY, MARCH 19, 2015



MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS SUBCOMMITTEE (Mark Kirk, Chairman)

Hearing to review the Fiscal Year 2016 and Fiscal Year 2017 budget request for
the Veterans Benefits Administration

10:30 a.m., Room 124, Dirksen Senate Office Building

Witness:

  The Honorable Allison A. Hickey
Under Secretary for Benefits
Veterans Benefits Administration

Accompanied by:

  James E. (Jamie) Manker, Jr.
Chief Financial Officer
Veterans Benefits Administration

  Thomas Murphy
Director, Compensation Service
Veterans Benefits Administration


HOMELAND SECURITY SUBCOMMITTEE (John Hoeven, Chairman)

Hearing to review the Fiscal Year 2016 funding request and budget justification
for the United States Secret Service

2:00 p.m., Room 138, Dirksen Senate Office Building

Witness:

            Joseph P. Clancy
            Director
            United States Secret Service

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: House, Senate Committees Approve Ag Funding Bills

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


National Association of State Departments of Agriculture, The State of Utah has
issued the following news release:

The House Appropriations Committee held a markup for the FY 2014 Agriculture and
FDA funding bill last week. The bill, which is expected to be on the House floor
later this month, provides $19.5 billion for the discretionary programs under
the subcommittee's jurisdiction. This funding level is $1.3 billion less than
last year's enacted discretionary funding level, though nearly equal to
post-sequestration funding levels. Notably, the bill would keep APHIS funding
steady, providing $803.5 million for animal and plant health activities. Funding
for the FDA's food safety activities are increased by $27 million in the bill.
Thirteen amendments were passed, including an amendment from Rep. James Moran
(D-VA) that would prevent funding for inspections of horse slaughter facilities.
The bill was approved by the full committee voice vote.

The Senate Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee also marked up their version
of the bill today. The Senate bill sets spending at $20.93 billion, $1.6 billion
over the House bill and $420 more than FY2013.

For further information please visit: http://www.nasda.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                  May 14, 2012

                            Maple River Energy, LLC

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Maple River Energy Receives Grant For Galva Biodiesel Plant In Iowa, U.S.

   Date: 1/20/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Maple River Energy, LLC, an oil producing company, received grant of $6
million for the construction of biofuel plant in Iowa, United States. The grant
was provided by United States Department of Agriculture, through its Bio-energy
Program for Advanced Biofuels. The plant has a total production capacity of 20
million litres.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."


Maple River Energy Completes Project Financing Of $10 Million For Galva
Biodiesel Plant, U.S.

   Date: 1/27/2007 12:00:00 AM

   Maple River Energy, LLC, an oil producing company, received grant of $6
million for the construction of biofuel plant in Iowa, United States. The grant
was provided by United States Department of Agriculture, through its Bio-energy
Program for Advanced Biofuels. The plant has a total production capacity of 20
million litres.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Events                                  Investments
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2012


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           February 23, 2006 Thursday

Fueling up // Biorefineries may reduce oil dependence

BYLINE: By Amy Hoak;ahoak@herald-review.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 730 words


DECATUR - Ethanol made from agricultural waste and other sources could displace
up to a third of the nations gasoline consumption by 2030, and the Bush
administration says it is willing to put seed money into the technology.

U.S. Energy Secretary Samuel W. Bodman announced Wednesday that President Bush
wants to offer up to $160 million to build three biorefineries.

Using Archer Daniels Midland Co.s trading floor as a backdrop, he said the
project could show theres money to be made in the business once construction
costs are paid.

"Our aim is to assist industry in demonstrating a commercial biorefinery that
will operate profitably once construction is completed over the next three or
four years," Bodman said.

In his State of the Union speech last month, the president announced a desire
for development and use of nonfood biomass, including agricultural waste, trees,
forest residues and grasses, to produce fuel. He and members of his Cabinet have
been traveling the country to drum up support for this and other energy
proposals designed to decrease the countrys dependence on oil.

"Our goal is to make this new kind of ethanol practical and competitive by the
year 2012," Bodman said. "This could, if we are successful, have enormous
implications."

The U.S. departments of Energy and Agriculture found that up to 1.3 billion dry
tons of biomass feedstock could be available in the United States, enough for
this "cellulosic ethanol" to help displace 30 percent of the current gasoline
use by 2030, he said.

The proposal puts a $100 million cap on the funding granted to a single
biorefinery operation, and each project requires a cost share of 60 percent from
industry and 40 percent from the government.

Also Wednesday, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns announced in Las Vegas a
proposed $188 million in loan guarantees and grants for renewable energy and
energy efficiency projects.

G. Allen Andreas, ADM chairman and chief executive officer, said the company
would consider applying for funding, should it receive Congressional approval.
ADM has been a pioneer in ethanol production, at the urging of the Oval Office
decades ago.

"Its been some 30 years since we got a call from the White House asking for the
agricultural industry, and for ADM in particular, to take a serious look at the
possibilities of building facilities to produce alternative sources of energy
for our fuel supply in the United States," Andreas said. "Were delighted to
participate in any way we can in the presidents programs."

ADM already is working on plans to add 500 million gallons of capacity to its
traditional ethanol operations.

Decatur Mayor Paul Osborne said that the proposal is interesting and encouraging
for the citys economy.

"The whole country is moving in that direction, and Decatur is basically well
positioned with ADM being here to take advantage of that," he said. "You look at
everything thats happening, that theres going to be even more demand for it
(renewable fuels) in the future, and ADM is right in the thick of it."

Randy Prince, president of the Chamber of Commerce for Decatur and Macon County,
seconded the thought, adding that agricultural research could beget long-term
growth for the area.

"What Im really excited about is to see what we can do long term with these
energy studies that go on, because not only do we grow food, we grow energy. And
the two arent mutually exclusive," Prince said.

Bush is requesting $2.1 billion to develop new technologies and alternative
sources of energy to diversify the nations energy mix. His $5.9 billion request
for funds to help the country stay competitive in the global marketplace makes
room for funding science education as well as research and development.

Though public funding is a start, Bodman, a former venture capitalist, said hes
much more encouraged by the private sectors recent investments in bioenergy.

"When the private sector gets around to committing large amounts of capital and
theyre not doing it for reasons of being nice to the other guy, they think they
can make money that has always been the best incentive there is and the best
differentiator of where money ought to go."

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Pantagraph


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 16, 2014 Saturday

Nevada: Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden Announces Funding for
Research to Benefit Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 475  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden announced the availability of
$400,000 in funding to establish the Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers
Policy Research Center. The Center will be established at an 1890 Land-Grant
college or university and will specialize in policy research impacting socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. Qualifying universities across the country
are now invited to apply to be the Research Center's home.

"America's farmers and ranchers are more diverse than ever before and it is
critical that our policies and programs reflect that," said Deputy Secretary
Harden. "This Center will serve as another tool for socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers to get the resources they need. It will also assist us in
our efforts to help beginning farmers from all walks of life get their start in
agriculture."

According to the 2012 Agricultural Census, minority and historically
under-represented communities are part of the continued growth among new and
beginning farmers and ranchers. According to the Census, 22 percent of all
farmers were beginning farmers in 2012. That means 1 out of every 5 farmers
operated a farm for less than 10 years.

Universities seeking to apply to host the Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and
Ranchers Policy Research Center must apply in the next 30 days. Proposals must
be received by September 11, 2014, at 5:00 pm EST, at www.grants.gov.

Last month, Deputy Secretary Harden announced the availability of over $9
million in outreach and technical assistance for minority farmers and ranchers
and military veterans that are new to farming and ranching through the 2501
Program. The deadline for applications for 2501 Program funding has been
extended to August 27, 2014, and applications must be submitted through
www.grants.gov. More information about the 2501 Program is available at:
http://www.outreach.usda.gov/grants/index.htm.

Today's announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years,
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Nevada: Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden Announces Funding for
Research to Benefit Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 475  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden announced the availability of
$400,000 in funding to establish the Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers
Policy Research Center. The Center will be established at an 1890 Land-Grant
college or university and will specialize in policy research impacting socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. Qualifying universities across the country
are now invited to apply to be the Research Center's home.

"America's farmers and ranchers are more diverse than ever before and it is
critical that our policies and programs reflect that," said Deputy Secretary
Harden. "This Center will serve as another tool for socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers to get the resources they need. It will also assist us in
our efforts to help beginning farmers from all walks of life get their start in
agriculture."

According to the 2012 Agricultural Census, minority and historically
under-represented communities are part of the continued growth among new and
beginning farmers and ranchers. According to the Census, 22 percent of all
farmers were beginning farmers in 2012. That means 1 out of every 5 farmers
operated a farm for less than 10 years.

Universities seeking to apply to host the Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and
Ranchers Policy Research Center must apply in the next 30 days. Proposals must
be received by September 11, 2014, at 5:00 pm EST, at www.grants.gov.

Last month, Deputy Secretary Harden announced the availability of over $9
million in outreach and technical assistance for minority farmers and ranchers
and military veterans that are new to farming and ranching through the 2501
Program. The deadline for applications for 2501 Program funding has been
extended to August 27, 2014, and applications must be submitted through
www.grants.gov. More information about the 2501 Program is available at:
http://www.outreach.usda.gov/grants/index.htm.

Today's announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years,
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden Announces Funding for
Research to Benefit Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 475  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden announced the availability of
$400,000 in funding to establish the Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers
Policy Research Center. The Center will be established at an 1890 Land-Grant
college or university and will specialize in policy research impacting socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. Qualifying universities across the country
are now invited to apply to be the Research Center's home.

"America's farmers and ranchers are more diverse than ever before and it is
critical that our policies and programs reflect that," said Deputy Secretary
Harden. "This Center will serve as another tool for socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers to get the resources they need. It will also assist us in
our efforts to help beginning farmers from all walks of life get their start in
agriculture."

According to the 2012 Agricultural Census, minority and historically
under-represented communities are part of the continued growth among new and
beginning farmers and ranchers. According to the Census, 22 percent of all
farmers were beginning farmers in 2012. That means 1 out of every 5 farmers
operated a farm for less than 10 years.

Universities seeking to apply to host the Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and
Ranchers Policy Research Center must apply in the next 30 days. Proposals must
be received by September 11, 2014, at 5:00 pm EST, at www.grants.gov.

Last month, Deputy Secretary Harden announced the availability of over $9
million in outreach and technical assistance for minority farmers and ranchers
and military veterans that are new to farming and ranching through the 2501
Program. The deadline for applications for 2501 Program funding has been
extended to August 27, 2014, and applications must be submitted through
www.grants.gov. More information about the 2501 Program is available at:
http://www.outreach.usda.gov/grants/index.htm.

Today's announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years,
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 13, 2014 Wednesday

Nevada: Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden Announces Funding for
Research to Benefit Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 475  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden announced the availability of
$400,000 in funding to establish the Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers
Policy Research Center. The Center will be established at an 1890 Land-Grant
college or university and will specialize in policy research impacting socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. Qualifying universities across the country
are now invited to apply to be the Research Center's home.

"America's farmers and ranchers are more diverse than ever before and it is
critical that our policies and programs reflect that," said Deputy Secretary
Harden. "This Center will serve as another tool for socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers to get the resources they need. It will also assist us in
our efforts to help beginning farmers from all walks of life get their start in
agriculture."

According to the 2012 Agricultural Census, minority and historically
under-represented communities are part of the continued growth among new and
beginning farmers and ranchers. According to the Census, 22 percent of all
farmers were beginning farmers in 2012. That means 1 out of every 5 farmers
operated a farm for less than 10 years.

Universities seeking to apply to host the Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and
Ranchers Policy Research Center must apply in the next 30 days. Proposals must
be received by September 11, 2014, at 5:00 pm EST, at www.grants.gov.

Last month, Deputy Secretary Harden announced the availability of over $9
million in outreach and technical assistance for minority farmers and ranchers
and military veterans that are new to farming and ranching through the 2501
Program. The deadline for applications for 2501 Program funding has been
extended to August 27, 2014, and applications must be submitted through
www.grants.gov. More information about the 2501 Program is available at:
http://www.outreach.usda.gov/grants/index.htm.

Today's announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years,
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 13, 2014 Wednesday

Nevada: Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden Announces Funding for
Research to Benefit Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 475  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden announced the availability of
$400,000 in funding to establish the Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers
Policy Research Center. The Center will be established at an 1890 Land-Grant
college or university and will specialize in policy research impacting socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. Qualifying universities across the country
are now invited to apply to be the Research Center's home.

"America's farmers and ranchers are more diverse than ever before and it is
critical that our policies and programs reflect that," said Deputy Secretary
Harden. "This Center will serve as another tool for socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers to get the resources they need. It will also assist us in
our efforts to help beginning farmers from all walks of life get their start in
agriculture."

According to the 2012 Agricultural Census, minority and historically
under-represented communities are part of the continued growth among new and
beginning farmers and ranchers. According to the Census, 22 percent of all
farmers were beginning farmers in 2012. That means 1 out of every 5 farmers
operated a farm for less than 10 years.

Universities seeking to apply to host the Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and
Ranchers Policy Research Center must apply in the next 30 days. Proposals must
be received by September 11, 2014, at 5:00 pm EST, at www.grants.gov.

Last month, Deputy Secretary Harden announced the availability of over $9
million in outreach and technical assistance for minority farmers and ranchers
and military veterans that are new to farming and ranching through the 2501
Program. The deadline for applications for 2501 Program funding has been
extended to August 27, 2014, and applications must be submitted through
www.grants.gov. More information about the 2501 Program is available at:
http://www.outreach.usda.gov/grants/index.htm.

Today's announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years,
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 25, 2010 Saturday

State's agriculture industry receives nearly $1 million in federal grants

BYLINE: Amanda Leigh Brozana, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 510 words


Sept. 25--The state's largest industry -- agriculture -- received nearly $1
million in federal grants to increase visibility, especially of specialty crops.

Agriculture Secretary Russell C. Redding announced last week that 17 projects
received funding through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Speciality Crop
Block Grant Program authorized under the federal Farm Bill.

Redding said in a statement that specialty crop sales surpass $1 billion each
year, and the grants will assist expanding "the presence of specialty crops in
national and international markets, making these products more accessible to
consumers and more profitable for producers."

U.S. Rep. Tim Holden, D-17, a member of the House Agriculture Committee, said in
a statement Thursday, "It is imperative that we recognize the vital
contributions of our family farms by ensuring that specialty crop growers
continue to play an important role in the future of American agriculture."

Specialty crops are defined by the USDA as "fruits and vegetables, tree nuts,
dried fruits and horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture."

Holden said, unlike other states, Pennsylvania has "one of the most diverse
agriculture economies in the country" with "a robust portfolio" of commodities
ranging from dairy and poultry to fruits, vegetables and Christmas trees.

"Because of this variety, these grants are important to enhance the
competitiveness of our fruits, vegetables and horticulture and nursery crops by
investing in specialty crop research; developing new and improved seed
varieties; improving pest and disease control; and creating direct marketing
opportunities, like farmers markets, for specialty crop producers," Holden said.

Food safety, marketing, nutrition programs and sustainability were the focus of
the projects which received funding, according to Redding.

"We think with the local movement now, it's important for people to be able to
find apples close to home," said Karin Rodriguez, executive director of the
Pennsylvania Apple Marketing Association, which received $60,000 in grant funds.

Funds from a grant received last year have been used to create a farm market
campaign, Rodriguez said, and the $60,000 received in this round of funding will
finance the campaign next year.

Other grant recipients include Philadelphia public schools, which was awarded
$34,795 for the "Fair Food" program, a nutrition education initiative, and Penn
State University, which received six grants totaling almost $290,000 for
research and training mainly, related to food safety and ways to better protect
crops from disease.

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Republican & Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100925-RN-State-s-agriculture
-industry-receives-nearly-1-million-in-federal-grants-20100925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2010 Republican & Herald


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

              November 24, 1994, Thursday, DAILY: TORONTO EDITION

U.S. corn farmers stash record crop

BYLINE: Reuter

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 235 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


The U.S. government has lent almost US$1 billion to corn farmers this fall to
enable them to sock away massive amounts of grain and avoid selling their record
crop at low prices.

With a 10-billion-bushel corn harvest, farmers have put half a billion bushels
into a low-interest government-loan program to keep their crop off the market.

''The program is a good way to get some cash flow at a very reasonable rate, and
it gives farmers a lot of marketing flexibility later on,'' said a U.S.
Agriculture Department specialist. ''If farmers sell their crops now, there's no
way for them to take advantage of higher prices later.''

Corn prices have been on a slide for months as the largest crop in the U.S. just
kept getting bigger with perfect weather in the corn belt. At US$2.12 a bushel
on the Chicago Board of Trade, prices are currently about 20% below levels of a
year ago, and analysts say they could go even lower.

According to U.S. government statistics released this week, farmers have put 448
million bushels of corn into the department's nine-month loan program, a jump of
more than 100 million bushels from the week earlier.

Compared with the last big crop year of 1992, corn farmers are taking advantage
of the loan program at a pace that's more than twice the level for 1992.

The pace of corn entering the program is expected to quicken even more in coming
weeks.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

Additional $323,483 awarded to install 13 new blender pumps and 2 underground
storage tanks

LENGTH: 427  words

DATELINE: New York



 Des Moines:  Department of Agriculture, The State of Iowa has issued the
following news release:



   Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad, Lt. Gov. Kim Reynolds and Sec. of Agriculture Bill
Northey today announced that $323,483 has been awarded through the 3rd round of
the "Fueling Our Future 100" initiative to support the installation of 13 new
blender pumps and 2 underground storage tanks that can be used to distribute
higher blends of renewable fuels.  The funds are being awarded to 3 fuel
retailers to assist in installing renewable fuels infrastructure at 5 sites
across the state.





 "Iowa continues to be the nation's leader in renewable fuel production.  Every
one of these fuels pumps that is being installed, as a result of this 3rd round
announcement, benefits our agricultural economy, supports good jobs for Iowa
families and gives consumers more choices at the pump," Branstad said.  "This is
a win-win situation for Iowa families and our economy as a whole."



 A full list of sites receiving funding can be found here.



 Lt. Gov. Reynolds added, "Thanks to the support of our federal partners at the
USDA, the 'Fueling our Future 100' program is ensuring that consumers in our
state have greater access to biofuels.  This 3rd round of funding to install 13
new blender pumps and 2 underground storage tank funds will continue to put Iowa
on the forefront of an even greater renewable future.  I would like to thank
STAR Energy, Best Food Mart Inc. and Kum & Go for their efforts."



 In total, 226 blender pumps and 26 underground storage tanks will be installed
at 78 sites by 20 companies to provide consumers with access to higher blends of
ethanol through the program.



 "Thanks to the investments made by the state, the federal government and by
these companies, customers will have greater access to higher blends of
renewable fuels. This will increase consumer choice at the pump and allow them
to increase the amount of clean burning, homegrown renewable fuels they use,"
Northey said.



 The funding for the projects is from a $5 million competitive grant from the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Biofuel Infrastructure
Partnership (BIP) program Iowa received to support the initiative.  All funds
must be matched by non-federal funds, including up to $2.5 million from the Iowa
Renewable Fuels Infrastructure program.  The fueling sites applying for
assistance will also be required to provide a minimum of $2.5 million.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Glenville Democrat (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 22, 2012

WVU Extension Service offering free farm management training for women in
agriculture

BYLINE: The Glenville Democrat staff

LENGTH: 389  words


There's a new resource for women who are interested in building or improving a
viable farm business. Annie's Project is a free, six-session training course
being offered by the West Virginia University Extension Service that provides
risk management training in business planning, record keeping, financial
analysis, farm and food safety and networking.

This localized approach to empowering women in agriculture is customized to meet
the needs in our region, providing a unique peer-learning environment and
helping ensure that every class is a valuable learning experience.

Anne Banks, a lifelong farmer from Ritchie County, is looking forward to
learning new methods and to offering encouragement to young women who are just
getting into farming.

"I like to see that these young girls are able to be confident that they can be
a farmer, not just a farmer's helper," Banks said. "I like to see women able to
express their way of doing it (farming) instead of trying to mimic the men," she
added, "because women do approach it differently."

Twenty-nine percent of West Virginia's farmers are women, according to Jennifer
Williams, WVU Extension Service's agriculture and natu-al resources director. No
stranger to the farm herself, Williams received the 2011 Woman in Agriculture
Award from the WV Dept. of Agriculture. She said that training opportunities
like Annie's Project are still a fairly new concept in the industry.

The program will be offered in six locations around the state during the
upcoming months. It will also be offered entirely on-line in the spring. Annie's
Project training is administered by members of the WVU Extension Service Women
in Agriculture team. Special topics training will be performed by local experts
dealing with site-specific concerns.

Thanks to grant funding, there is no charge for the training, but
pre-regis-tration is required and space is limited. To find out more about
Annie's Project contact the WVU Extension Agent Daisy Fryman
{daisy.fryman@mail.wvu.edu) at 304-462-7061.

Annie's Project is offered in partnership with the WVU Small rarm Center,
WVDept. of Agriculture, WV Farm and Food Coalition and Farm Credit of the
Virginias. Grant funding is provided by the U.S. Dept. of Agriculture National
Institute of Food and Agriculture through the Northeast Center for Risk
Management Education.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GNV

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 The Glenville Democrat


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                        July 2, 2013 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Governor Corbett's Budget Makes Solid Investment in Agriculture

LENGTH: 296  words


New Delhi, July 2 -- Governor Tom Corbett yesterday signed the 2013-14 state
budget that increases support for the Department of Agriculture and the
economy-driving agriculture industry.



"Agriculture is the state's leading economic driver with more than $67 billion
in economic impact," Corbett said. "Farming in Pennsylvania is a business, a
family business that provides jobs for Pennsylvanians and keeps dollars in local
communities."

One in seven Pennsylvania jobs are related to agriculture and 97 percent of the
more than 62,000 farms are family owned.

"Agriculture is a leader in the state and nation," Agriculture Secretary George
Greig said. "Governor Corbett's budget keeps our farmers farming, with funding
for our top veterinary school, agriculture research, protection of our farmland,
providing food for Pennsylvanians in need and our county fairs."

The Department of Agriculture budget:

* Increases funding for the Veterinary School at the University of Pennsylvania
at $28 million for veterinary activities, $261,000 for the school's Center for
Infectious Diseases, and $46 million for agricultural research and extension at
Penn State;

* Increases support for Pennsylvania's nation-leading farmland preservation
program with $35 million to preserve productive farmland against development;

* Ensures critical funding for the State Food Purchase Program at more than $17
million to help fight hunger in Pennsylvanians;

* Increases funding for the commonwealth branding program for agriculture
commodities with $550,000 for PA Preferred;

* Increases funding for the Farm Show Complex and Expo Center with $4 million;
and

* Increases funding for county fairs, at $3 million, that attract more than six
million visitors each year and showcase the best of local agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                        July 2, 2013 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Governor Corbett's Budget Makes Solid Investment in Agriculture

LENGTH: 296  words


New Delhi, July 2 -- Governor Tom Corbett yesterday signed the 2013-14 state
budget that increases support for the Department of Agriculture and the
economy-driving agriculture industry.



"Agriculture is the state's leading economic driver with more than $67 billion
in economic impact," Corbett said. "Farming in Pennsylvania is a business, a
family business that provides jobs for Pennsylvanians and keeps dollars in local
communities."

One in seven Pennsylvania jobs are related to agriculture and 97 percent of the
more than 62,000 farms are family owned.

"Agriculture is a leader in the state and nation," Agriculture Secretary George
Greig said. "Governor Corbett's budget keeps our farmers farming, with funding
for our top veterinary school, agriculture research, protection of our farmland,
providing food for Pennsylvanians in need and our county fairs."

The Department of Agriculture budget:

* Increases funding for the Veterinary School at the University of Pennsylvania
at $28 million for veterinary activities, $261,000 for the school's Center for
Infectious Diseases, and $46 million for agricultural research and extension at
Penn State;

* Increases support for Pennsylvania's nation-leading farmland preservation
program with $35 million to preserve productive farmland against development;

* Ensures critical funding for the State Food Purchase Program at more than $17
million to help fight hunger in Pennsylvanians;

* Increases funding for the commonwealth branding program for agriculture
commodities with $550,000 for PA Preferred;

* Increases funding for the Farm Show Complex and Expo Center with $4 million;
and

* Increases funding for county fairs, at $3 million, that attract more than six
million visitors each year and showcase the best of local agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: House passes fiscal year 2014 funding

LENGTH: 629  words

DATELINE: Washington


Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association has issued the following news
release:

The House passed the 2015 Omnibus Appropriations Bill Thursday evening, funding
much of the government through Sept. 30, 2015. National Cattlemen's Beef
Association President, TSCRA Past President  and Victoria, Texas, cattleman Bob
McCan says this appropriations bill contained many of the priorities for
cattlemen and women.

"We were very happy to see a number of issues that have affected our producers
addressed in this legislation," said McCan. "It is clear that Congress
recognizes and agrees that the Administration's regulatory zeal has gone too far
and if left unchecked, it will impede the economic growth of rural America."

Key for cattlemen and women, the report language for the USDA contained a
provision instructing the secretary of agriculture to submit a report with his
recommendations for any changes in the Federal law required to bring the Country
of Origin Labeling (COOL) program into compliance with our international trade
obligations. This report would need to be submitted within 15 days of the appeal
decision from the WTO or by May 1, 2015, whichever comes first.

"The WTO ruling on the COOL rule was very clear that this provision
discriminates against our largest trading partners," said McCan. "Moreover, this
failed legislation has cost U.S. cattle producers in the form of lost revenue
and added costs for labeling, all for a program that has not shown benefits to
consumers or greater consumption of beef. It is time to fix COOL before our
economy is damaged by retaliatory tariffs or our trade relationships are
permanently damaged. Failure to abide by our trade obligations sends a signal to
our current and future trade partners that they too can pick and choose what
provisions to abide by."

The report also directs the secretary of agriculture not to implement a
duplicative beef checkoff.

"The beef checkoff program is the most effective tool for cattle producers to
invest in research, education and promotion of our product," said McCan. "With
78 percent support by cattle producers and an $11.20 return on every dollar
invested, the beef checkoff has been an immense success. Congress has made it
clear that they support cattlemen and women and oppose a government-run,
duplicative beef checkoff under the 1996 Generic Commodity Promotion, Research
and Information Act."

Importantly for producers the bill would also direct the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) to withdraw the Waters of the United States (WOTUS)
Interpretative rule.

"The EPA's rule would have had unintended consequences for agricultural
producers nationwide, making the Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) a
regulatory agency by prescribing limited production practices," said McCan.
"While we, along with all of agriculture, were disappointed Congress did not
defund EPA's larger Waters of the United States efforts, this was a first step
demonstrating the concerns of landowners."

The bill also contained language to continue the defunding of a number of
provisions and language by USDA's Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockers
Administration (GIPSA). Specifically, the bill prevents funding for the EPA to
require cattle producers to obtain greenhouse gas permits for livestock and to
prevent mandatory reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from manure management
systems. Finally, the bill prohibited the Department of Interior from listing
the sage grouse on the Endangered Species list, threatening the viability of
ranching in the West without a corresponding benefit to the sage grouse.

NCBA urges the Senate to pass the Omnibus legislation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:    editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Health Care Grants in the Delta Region

LENGTH: 664  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for grants to improve health care in
the Delta Region. Nearly $4.4 million in grant funding is available through the
Delta Health Care Services Grant Program.





 "The Delta Health Care Services Grant Program and other programs like it are
helping rural America to rebound," said Vilsack. "USDA's targeted grant programs
and development projects can help Delta towns access high-quality medical and
health care services, improving the quality of life for residents and enriching
the area's ability to support strong communities for generations to come."



 Groups eligible for grants include higher education institutions, health and
research institutes, economic development entities, health care cooperatives or
consortia of these entities. Recipients must serve residents of the Delta
Region, which includes 252 counties and parishes in Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri and Tennessee.



 USDA is encouraging applications for projects in census tracts with poverty
rates greater than or equal to 20 percent. Grants are awarded on a competitive
basis. The maximum award per grant is $1 million. USDA has provided more than
$17 million for 31 projects funded through the Delta Health Care Services Grant
Program since the start of the Obama Administration.



 Paper applications are due Nov. 14. Electronic copies are due Nov. 7. For more
information, see page 62854 of the Sept. 13, 2016, Federal Register. Please
contact your local Rural Development State Office to request the application
guide and materials.



 Sam Rikkers, administrator for USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
underscored the importance of the Delta Health Care Services Grant Program
during a Sept. 8 visit to Southeastern Louisiana University in Hammond. While
there, Rikkers awarded the school a $646,482 grant to enhance a health care
training project the University launched in 2013, also with USDA funding through
the Delta Health program.



 The University is expanding a program in which volunteers are trained as health
coaches and motivational aides as part of a care coordination strategy. The
program is designed to reduce hospital readmissions, improve patient health and
enhance the quality of the medical workforce. The University also will expand
its health coach internship program to include students from more health care
disciplines.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. Since 2009, USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural
communities and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11
American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food
we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery
store than most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown
renewable energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. ) has invested $13.5 billion for 5,739 water and waste infrastructure
projects, benefiting 19.1 million rural residents; invested nearly $13 billion
to start or expand nearly 112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses. USDA also has
invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects that have financed more than
185,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural
residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Health Care Grants in the Delta Region

LENGTH: 664  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for grants to improve health care in
the Delta Region. Nearly $4.4 million in grant funding is available through the
Delta Health Care Services Grant Program.





 "The Delta Health Care Services Grant Program and other programs like it are
helping rural America to rebound," said Vilsack. "USDA's targeted grant programs
and development projects can help Delta towns access high-quality medical and
health care services, improving the quality of life for residents and enriching
the area's ability to support strong communities for generations to come."



 Groups eligible for grants include higher education institutions, health and
research institutes, economic development entities, health care cooperatives or
consortia of these entities. Recipients must serve residents of the Delta
Region, which includes 252 counties and parishes in Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois,
Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri and Tennessee.



 USDA is encouraging applications for projects in census tracts with poverty
rates greater than or equal to 20 percent. Grants are awarded on a competitive
basis. The maximum award per grant is $1 million. USDA has provided more than
$17 million for 31 projects funded through the Delta Health Care Services Grant
Program since the start of the Obama Administration.



 Paper applications are due Nov. 14. Electronic copies are due Nov. 7. For more
information, see page 62854 of the Sept. 13, 2016, Federal Register. Please
contact your local Rural Development State Office to request the application
guide and materials.



 Sam Rikkers, administrator for USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
underscored the importance of the Delta Health Care Services Grant Program
during a Sept. 8 visit to Southeastern Louisiana University in Hammond. While
there, Rikkers awarded the school a $646,482 grant to enhance a health care
training project the University launched in 2013, also with USDA funding through
the Delta Health program.



 The University is expanding a program in which volunteers are trained as health
coaches and motivational aides as part of a care coordination strategy. The
program is designed to reduce hospital readmissions, improve patient health and
enhance the quality of the medical workforce. The University also will expand
its health coach internship program to include students from more health care
disciplines.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. Since 2009, USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural
communities and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11
American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food
we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery
store than most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown
renewable energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website. ) has invested $13.5 billion for 5,739 water and waste infrastructure
projects, benefiting 19.1 million rural residents; invested nearly $13 billion
to start or expand nearly 112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses. USDA also has
invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects that have financed more than
185,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural
residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Armidale Express

                                 April 4, 2013

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 440  words


BREAKING: The University of New England will received more than $1.8 million in
federal funding, it was announced this afternoon.

The research will develop a knowledge base that will allow more farmers to earn
another income stream by participating in the Carbon Farming Initiative.

Agriculture Minister Joe Ludwig made the announcement yesterday.

Member for New England Windsor was delighted that UNE was successful in
attracting funding for three research projects, worth a total of $1,856,341
(listed below).

'This federal funding will put researchers at UNE at the forefront of global
efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from agriculture,'  he said.

'Greenhouse gas emissions from livestock and soil are quite substantial, so
changes in management have the potential to significantly reduce our overall
emissions.

'This federal funding is also a significant investment in Armidale's economy."

Mr Windsor believes funding research projects is part of ensuring Australia's
response to climate change is based on sound evidence and a view to the
long-term.

'Researchers at UNE are developing a standard for measuring methane emissions
from sheep, which will allow sheep farmers to use genetics to reduce emissions
and earn extra money through the Carbon Farming Initiative,' Mr Windsor said.

Genetics to reduce methane emissions from Australian sheep

Funding of $810,314 ex GST

This project is developing a robust standard operating procedure for measuring
methane emissions from sheep. Outcomes will enable industry breeding values for
methane emissions to be developed and will provide a pathway to participation in
the Carbon Farming Initiative.

Impacts of Carbon Farming Initiative methodologies on whole-farm systems

Funding of $532,613 ex GST

Assisted through international collaboration of researchers from the United
States of America and New Zealand, this project is filling knowledge gaps about
manipulation of methane production in the rumen. The project is quantifying
emissions under different forage and nutritional regimes and is estimating
changes in enterprise productivity resulting from potential rumen-based
methodologies for the Carbon Farming Initiative.

Importance of 'deep' soil carbon to long-term carbon storage

Funding of $513,414 ex GST

This project is considering the impacts of different management practices on
soil carbon. It will improve the understanding of the effect of contemporary
management practices on the amount, form and stability of soil carbon. Findings
will help identify opportunities for long-term carbon storage through targeted
management practices and/or specific land use and soil type combinations.

LOAD-DATE: April 05, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Congressman Tim Ryan Applauds USDA Conservation Funds to Address Lake Erie Water
Quality

LENGTH: 854  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the  House of Representative Tim Ryan, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Congressman Tim Ryan applauds the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
today for announcing that $2 million in conservation funds will be sent to Ohio
to implement conservation techniques that will help improve water quality. Ryan
is also lauding a USDA and National Fish and Wildlife Foundation partnership
that is contributing an additional $1 million in technical assistance to expand
"boots-on-the-ground" capacity in the area. This announcement was made in
response to the disrupted water service in the Toledo area due to algae blooms
in Lake Erie.

"I applaud the USDA and National Fish and Wildlife Foundation for their efforts
to help the people of Toledo and greater Northwest Ohio in their time of need.
We must ensure that Lake Erie can provide safe drinking water for our families
and these funds and technical assistance will go a long way toward protecting
our most vital resource," said Congressman Ryan.

Earlier this month, Congressman Ryan sent a letter to EPA Administrator Gina
McCarthy, urging her to act aggressively and expeditiously in clean water
protection in light of the recent toxic-water scare in the Toledo area and the
ongoing algae problems facing Lake Erie in a letter.

See full release here.

See full text of the USDA announcement below:

USDA Invests New Conservation Funds to Improve Lake Erie Water Quality

WASHINGTON, August 19, 2014--Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today
that $2 million in conservation funds will be sent to Ohio to help implement
conservation techniques that will help improve water quality. The Secretary said
USDA is also partnering with the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation to expand
"boots-on-the-ground" capacity in the area and will be contributing an
additional $1 million in technical assistance which will in turn be leveraged by
the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation along with other public and private
entities. Earlier this month, water service in Toledo, Ohio was disrupted by
algae blooms in Lake Erie.

The new funding is the latest contribution of resources to the Lake Erie
watershed from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), which has invested $46
million in the watershed since 2009.

"The voluntary conservation efforts supported by this new funding will help
improve water quality in Lake Erie," Vilsack said. "Many farmers have
consistently stepped up to the plate on efforts to protect our water and we want
to provide support and incentives for continued action. Along with these
resources, we will be offering technical and financial assistance through our
direct relationships with farmers, and by partnering with private and public
groups on continuing conservation efforts in the Great Lakes basin."

The Ohio Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS), an agency within the
U.S. Department of Agriculture, is accepting applications from farmers this week
for resources that will help with the planting of cover crops, which experts
agree offer the best protection to prevent soil and nutrient erosion in the next
season. The funding will be allocated to the Western Lake Erie Basin (WLEB) to
help farmers and partners accelerate water quality conservation activities to
benefit Lake Erie. NRCS will be providing up to $2 million in Environmental
Quality Incentive Program (EQIP) funds in Ohio for a targeted, one-week signup.
This signup will be focused on planting cover crops on vulnerable soils this
fall in order to reduce soil and nutrient loss from farm fields.

A number of factors contribute to algae blooms.  Warm water, lack of agitation,
rainfall and runoff from farms, lawns, and other sources can all contribute to
the problem. Members of the scientific community believe that global warming is
contributing to earlier blooms, not just in waterways in the United States but
elsewhere.  Conservation practices such as no-till reduce the amounts of
sediment and nutrients in run-off, which is also influenced by the amount of
precipitation and the time precipitation occurs.  The U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency and the USDA are working together to assist producers in
efforts to reduce runoff by planting cover crops, controlling drainage and
constructing systems like anaerobic digesters to reduce the amount of untreated
effluent entering ditches, streams, rivers and lakes.

Last week, NRCS leadership met with more than 100 farmers, agricultural groups
and fertilizer dealers in Ohio to talk about the expertise USDA can offer and to
spread the word about the best conservation practices for the watershed.

"Farmers understand how recent events may impact them and are motivated to work
with us to reduce phosphorus run-off, starting now with the planting of
additional cover crops," NRCS Chief Jason Weller said. "We created this
opportunity for farmers who want to get cover on their fields quickly, and we
will continue to create complete nutrient management plans for long-term water
quality and sustainability practices."

For further information please visit: http://timryan.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The News-Examiner (Montpelier, Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 9, 2013

Montpelier weathers government shutdown;
Interview

BYLINE: The News-Examiner staff

LENGTH: 605  words


According to Mayor Petersen, the city of Montpelier is doing well despite the
federal government shutdown.

There are funding sources the city was concerned about. One being the funding
for the USDA Sewer project. After checking into it, Mayor Petersen said the
funding is all in place and will not be affected.

The other is grant funding for some staffed positions within the city. According
to Mayor Petersen, the city draws down funds for those positions at certain
intervals and has drawn enough funds for about three months.

The mayor also visited with some tourists who stopped by the BLMH Brake for
Breakfast to see what was going on. Apparently they could not get into
Yellowstone because of the national parks shut down. They were heading to the
national parks in Southern Utah, hoping the shutdown will end by the time they
get there.

With the city holding steady during the shutdown, what other effects will it
have on the lives of Montpelier citizens?

Congressman Simpson provided the following answers to Frequently Asked Questions
about how the shutdown impacts the lives of Americans.

Q - Will I continue to receive my mail?

A - Yes. The U.S. Postal service functions as an independent organization.

Q - Will I continue to get my Social Security benefits?

A - Yes. Social Security is considered a "mandatory" program and is not
dependent on appropriations to continue dispensing benefits. However, the Social
Security Administration is impacted, but it is believed they would be
sufficiently staffed to ensure payments are continued to be made.

Q - Will the IRS continue to collect taxes?

A - Yes. All payments can still be processed. However, it is possible that
refunds could be delayed and all audit activities by the IRS will be suspended.

Q - Can I go to a national park?

A - No. The National Park Service has closed entrances and told all visitors to
leave. Anyone already in the parks will have to leave within two days.

Q - Will museums in Washington, D.C be closed?

A - Yes. The Smithsonian, Archives, National Zoo, Holocaust Museum and monuments
are closed to the public.

Q - Will food safety inspections occur?

A - Safety related inspections will continue, but some investigations into
violations could be impacted.

Q - Will a shutdown stop the implementation of Obamacare?

A - No. The state-run exchanges will open as scheduled. Similar to Social
Security and Medicare, most of the funding for the exchanges is mandatory
funding not impacted by appropriations.

Q - Will I still receive unemployment benefits or food stamps?

A - Yes. The Employment and Training Administration has said it will provide
essential functions, including dispensing unemployment benefits. The U.S.
Department of Agriculture has said SNAP (food stamps) is funded for another
year.

Q - Will the federal school lunch program stay in effect?

A - The U.S. Department of Agriculture has said that most schools will be able
to provide meals through October.

Q - Will airports stay open?

A - The Transportation Security Administration has said passengers should see
little change at security. There are furloughs at TSA but essential employees
will continue to work.

Q - Will federal prisons, border patrol, emergency medical facilities, law
enforcement and disaster response continue functioning?

A - Yes. Any employee who is considered to be essential to protecting life and
property will remain in place.

Q - Will troops be paid?

A - Yes. Congress passed legislation Monday to ensure members of the armed
forces get paid on time as normal. Furloughed civilian workers won't be paid
unless Congress passes legislation restoring lost income when the shutdown ends.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NEX

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 The News-Examiner


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: USDA Awards More than $26 Million for Affordable Farmworker Housing

LENGTH: 849  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced today $26 million to help
provide safe and sanitary housing for farmworkers in nine affordable rental
communities in four states. The funding will support 439 rental units in
California, Florida, Kansas and Texas. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack will
make the announcement later today during an address to the League of United
Latin American Citizens' (LULAC) 87th annual national convention.





 "American agriculture is grateful to the individuals working in the fields,
day-in and day-out, to grow and harvest the food we eat," Vilsack said. "Since
2009, USDA has invested $268 million to build or repair more than 2,000
affordable homes for farmworkers nationwide. USDA, under the Obama
Administration, is proud of its efforts to help ensure farmworkers and their
families have safe, adequate housing. Every year, agricultural workers who are
immigrants come to the United States for the opportunity to work, pay taxes and
fully contribute to this country's economy, many with a dream of someday
becoming American citizens. America's farmers, ranchers and the businesses
supporting our rural communities depend on these hardworking individuals to
ensure we remain a productive, food-secure nation. That is why we need
comprehensive immigration reform today - because a food-secure nation with a
thriving, growing economy is a more secure nation."



 Today's funding is provided through the Farm Labor Housing Loan and Grant
program. It will help qualified organizations develop housing for farmworkers,
make housing repairs and provide household furnishings.



 One of the nine recipients, the Homestead Housing Authority in Homestead, Fla.,
is receiving $3 million - $1.5 million in loans and $1.5 million in grants - to
build 20 affordable townhomes in its Redlands Center. This will add to its
portfolio of 333 housing units, all of which are funded through USDA Rural
Development. In Ulysses, Kan., 18 units will be developed by Builders
Development Corporation using $2.8 million in USDA loans and grants.



 The Farm Labor Housing Loan and Grant program continues to help improve the
quality of life for America's farmworkers.



 To help relieve a shortage of affordable housing in Calistoga, Calif., the
Corporation for Better Housing last year opened the doors to a 48-unit Net Zero
Energy farm labor housing complex. The state-of-the-art project generates as
much energy as it uses through a large solar array and other energy-efficient
features, leaving residents with nearly non-existent utility bills. The complex,
financed in part with USDA's Farm Labor Housing Loan program, recently received
a Gold Nugget Award of excellence at the PCBC homebuilding trade show.



 Funding of each affordable rental community announced today is contingent upon
the recipient meeting the terms of the loan or grant agreement. Below is a
complete list of recipients:



 California



     Mutual Housing of California - $3 million loan. Funds will be used to
develop 39 affordable apartments in Woodland, Calif.

     The Community Revitalization and Development Corporation - $3 million loan.
Funds will be used to develop 58 affordable apartments in Bakersfield, Calif.

     Corporation for Better Housing, LP - $3 million loan. Funds will be used to
develop 72 affordable apartments in Ukiah, Calif.

     Corporation for Better Housing - $3 million loan. Funds will be used to
develop 68 affordable apartments in McFarland, Calif.

     Corporation for Better Housing - $3 million loan. Funds will be used to
develop 64 affordable apartments in Greenfield, Calif.

     Pacific Southwest Community Development Corporation - $3 million loan.
Funds will be used to develop 60 affordable apartments in Calexico, Calif.



 Florida



     Homestead Housing Authority - $1.5 million loan and $1.5 million grant.
Funds will be used to develop 20 affordable apartments in Redlands Center, Fla.



 Kansas



     Builders Development Corporation - $1.7 million loan and $1.1 million
grant. Funds will be used to develop 18 affordable apartments in Ulysses, Kan.



 Texas



     Housing and Economic Rural Opportunity, Inc. - $2.5 million loan. Funds
will be used to develop 40 affordable apartments in Socorro, Texas.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 7,000
community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities;
invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects that have financed more than
185,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural
residents; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses. USDA also has invested $11 billion to start or expand
103,000 rural businesses.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           January 11, 2006 Wednesday

Environmentally friendly farming gets boost; Hewitt Creek Watershed group
receives nearly $160,000 in grant

BYLINE: EMILY KLEIN

SECTION: Tristate; Pg. a3

LENGTH: 400 words

DATELINE: DYERSVILLE, Iowa


The Hewitt Creek Watershed Improvement Association, Inc. recently received a
nearly $160,000 grant from the state of Iowa to continue funding environmentally
friendly farm practices.

Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Patty Judge announced last month that the
Watershed Improvement Review Board granted funding to 17 out of the 48 projects
that applied. The money granted to the Hewitt Creek Watershed will be used
during the next three years, beginning this year.

Some residents in the Hewitt Creek Watershed formed the association last year in
response to the Iowa Department of Natural Resources' stream assessment, which
placed a stream that runs through the Hewitt Creek Watershed on the department's
list of impaired water bodies. The group decided to get the stream removed from
the list.

Last year, the Dubuque County and Iowa Farm Bureau federations provided funding
for the group's practices, totaling $30,000. The Farm Bureau granted the same
amount toward the project this year also.

In 2005, 34 producers in the watershed participated by seeding headlands with
grass to prevent erosion, doing manure application calibration and analysis,
conducting late spring nitrate tests to check for nitrogen availability and
stock nitrate tests in the fall to determine how much nitrogen would be needed
for 2006 crops.

The amount of money each producer received from the association was based on the
practices used.

Tim Daly, vice chairman of the association, plans to save money this year by
leaving 40 acres untreated, where he typically puts commercial nitrogen.
Nitrogen tests showed that the land does not need the additional nutrients.

There are about 80 farm operations in the 23,000-acre watershed, which
encompasses parts of Dyersville, Holy Cross, Bankston, Farley and New Vienna.
According to the association, 92 percent of the land is used for crop and
livestock production, while woodland accounts for only 7 percent.

The group, Daly said, is unique because though it receives guidance from
scientists and technical experts, producers from the watershed make the
decisions.

"It's farmers sitting down with farmers and saying, 'Here's what works for me,'
" he said.

Association chairman Jeff Pape said the money watershed residents receive from
the grants does not cover the entire cost of the management practices, but it
does help motivate them to get involved.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2006 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    NewsDay

                            March 21, 2015 Saturday

                                  Britain rescues Zim farmers - NewsDay Zimbabwe

LENGTH: 420  words


THE British government has once more proved a saviour to President Robert
Mugabe's government when it released $72 million for a four-year Livelihoods
and Food Security Programme (LFSP) to support smallholder farmers.

                                                             by PAIDAMOYO MUZULU

    The support is expected to assist 126 975 smallholder farm households in the
    following eight districts: Mutare, Makoni and Mutasa Districts of Manicaland
   province, Kwekwe, Gokwe South and Shurugwi districts in Midlands province and
                                     Guruve and Mt Darwin in Mashonaland Central
                                                                       province.

    Agriculture minister Joseph Made hailed the support from the British as very
           timely in light of the Zimbabwe Agenda for Sustainable Socio-Economic
                            Transformation (ZimAsset) dependence on agriculture.

   "My ministry and indeed the Government of Zimbabwe is very excited about this
 programme and would like to commend DFID for availing the support and resources
           for the programme whose objectives fit very well with the development
                                            aspirations of Zimbabwe," Made said.

     "I would like to thank UKAID for funding the programme to the tune of GBP45
         million equivalent to $72 million, in support of smallholder farmers in
                        Manicaland, Midlands and Mashonaland Central provinces."

   The aid comes as Zimbabwe's braces for another season of food deficiency as a
        result of drought, inadequate agriculture inputs, inadequate funding and
                                          broken down irrigation infrastructure.

         UK Aid under DFID said the aid was expected to improve production among
                                                            smallholder farmers.

    "The programme will contribute to poverty reduction, in line with Zimbabwe's
national priorities. It will also actively address the specific constraints that
    smallholder farmers, particularly women, face in raising the productivity of
                                       their farms and enabling them to sell the
                                         food they produce in markets," it said.

   It added the programme in total is expected to reduce food insecurity for 348
            975 across all the eight districts in which it would be implemented.
          Relations between Britain and Zimbabwe soured in 1997 after the Labour
  government under Tony Blair refused to honour the Lancaster House agreement in
        relation to funding land reforms which were a sticking point during 1979
                                              independence constitutional talks.

     Mugabe after the rebuff embarked on a fast track land reform programme that
 plunged agriculture production and at the same time inviting sanctions from the
                                           European Union and the United States.

   The sanctions were mainly put for human rights violations particularly during
               the militant takeover of the farms from white commercial farmers.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1279


                             Copyright 2015 NewsDay
                 Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.Syndigate.info
                              All Rights Reserved


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 29, 2007 Monday

Okla. 's fresh mushroom sales slowly grow back

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 580  words


Fresh mushroom sales in Oklahoma and nationwide are growing but still at a slow
pace since the industry's checkoff legal issues were recently resolved, said
Virgil Jurgensmeyer, co-founder of J-M Farms Inc. in Miami, Okla.

"We've only been able to get our consumer education program running since the
first of this year," he said. "It's good to see there's some effect from that
already, getting back to promotional work like food articles in magazines and
recipes that use mushrooms. ... And you can see sales increase a little from
that. "

Acting Agriculture Secretary Chuck Conner this month appointed Jurgensmeyer and
three others to serve on the U.S. Mushroom Council for two-year terms beginning
Jan. 1.

Jurgensmeyer, who operates one of the region's largest fresh mushroom companies,
has served on the council twice before.

The Mushroom Council is composed of fresh market producers or importers who
average more than 500,000 pounds of mushrooms annually. The organization
administers the industry's checkoff funding program, responsible for promotion,
research and consumer education to maintain and expand markets for fresh
mushrooms. It was created by federal legislation in 1990; the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Marketing Service monitors the council's operations.

The industry's checkoff funds, contributed by its producers, were tied up for a
couple of years when the checkoff program was legally challenged. In 2000, the
6th Circuit Court of Appeals declared the program to be forced commercial
speech, and therefore a violation of the First Amendment rights. But the beef
industry faced a similar problem, which ultimately was resolved in the U.S.
Supreme Court in 2005 when justices found that the checkoff is government speech
and therefore not a constitutional violation. The mushroom industry was able to
benefit from that decision and regained its collective funding source.

The Mushroom Council has only recently has been able to get its consumer
education and market research efforts back to their former strength, he said.

Jurgensmeyer said that when he started J-M Farms in 1979, he chose to focus on
the fresh mushroom produce market because canned mushrooms include producers in
China, India and other countries, which operate with lower labor overhead.
Competition with canned produce is tough, he said.

"So that's why consumer education and research in fresh mushrooms in the United
States is so important to the industry," he said. "Mushrooms are still kind of
considered a new item as a menu choice, especially here in the Midwest. People
still aren't completely used to cooking with mushrooms. We still have a long way
to go. "

The fresh mushroom industry is fairly small, producing about 800 billion pounds
of product annually in the United States. J-M Farms produces 24 million pounds
annually, primarily portabella and Agaricus, or white button mushrooms. The
company also sells other types such as shitake from other niche producers.

Jurgensmeyer entered mushroom farming more than 30 years ago when he worked for
food giant Ralston-Purina. After building the company's first mushroom farm and
helping establish its nationwide farm network, Jurgensmeyer left to start his
own operation. He chose Miami for several reasons, including access to
Interstate transportation, range of unserved market, water, and plenty of wheat
straw for growing compost. J-M Farms trucks deliver to eight states around
Oklahoma. The company employs more than 500 people.



LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Gainesville Daily Register (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 23, 2010 Tuesday

Commissioners approve drainage project funding

BYLINE: Audrey Broyles, Gainesville Daily Register, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1045 words


Mar. 23--COOKE COUNTY -- As North Texas sees more rainfall, Cooke County
Commissioners took action on Monday morning to approve drainage project funding.

During the meeting, Darnell Williams from the United States Department of
Agriculture spoke about accepting grant funds from the department's Natural
Resources Conservation Services (NRCS) and the Emergency Watershed Protection
Program (EWP). The drainage project funding was approved for Cooke County
through the NRCS and through the EWP.

Williams explained that, with this project, the NRCS pays 75 percent of costs to
install protective measures that will reduce future damage to local
infrastructures such as roads and bridges that are subject to ruin in the event
of a flood.

This request for protection was made after Cooke County and its surrounding
areas were subject to heavy amounts of flooding and rainfall in April and May of
2009. After the ample amount of storms, it became apparent that further action
was needed to ensure that all precautions were taken to protect the community.
Assessments were made by local NRCS staff on 30 sites, eight of which were
approved for flood protection improvement.

Williams noted that these chosen sites were good choices.

"Hats off to the commissioners," Williams said. "They did a very good job of
taking care of their own roads and using there own resources to get this done."

The total cost of the eight drainage project sites is $341,000. Of this amount,
the NRSC will pay $255,000 to be dispersed and given to Cooke County Road and
Bridge in Precinct 2 and Precinct 4.

As a political sponsor of state government, Cooke County will pay 25 percent of
the $341,000 which is an estimated amount of $85,000. Later, a project agreement
between NRCS and the county will be made and contracts will be drawn up.

The EWP has not been used by this county before and Williams said, "This could
be an unusual year for rainfall and you might need it again. This could be a
pretty good experience."

After reviewing Willliams's information, the commissioners accepted and approved
the grant money from the USDA program.

Commissioners moved on and unanimously approved a proclamation declaring March
22, 2010 as Muenster Hornets Day in Cooke County. Precinct 4 Commissoner Leon
Klement read the proclamation and granted Coach Jason Atcheson and Amy Binder
along with the team of Lady Hornets that this day is a recognition of their hard
work and dedication to their team, their school, and their sport.

Commissioners discussed a possible agreement between Cooke County and All
American Dogs in Pilot Point for their emergency animal control services. Bob
Matthews, owner and operator of the business, offered his services to the
Commissioners as "baby steps" to better animal control in Cooke County.

Commissioners were concerned that it would become a county commissioner
obligation and it was agreed throughout that Matthews' services be utilized by
the Cooke County Sheriff's Office, and the motion for agreement was given no
action and postponed until the Sheriff could attend.

The commissioners approved the interlocal agreement between Cooke County and
North Texas Groundwater Conservation District that says that the counties will
give a loan of $150,000 to the district as "start-up money" with the knowledge
that it will be paid back. Though the agreement was approved, amendments were
made to ensure an audit of the district.

Precinct 2 Commissioner Gary Hollowell discussed possible action regarding a
position for an election administrator in Cooke County, but it was given no
action as commissioners felt the county does not need a position such as this
one, due to the smaller population.

"Funds would be better spent somewhere else right now... maybe we can reconsider
it in the near future," Hollowell said.

No action was also given to the possible digital upgrades for the Commissioners'
Courtroom estimated to run in price between $1,695 and $4,500.

The motion to approve April 5-11, 2010 as national Public Health Week was not
approved, as Judge Roane noted it should be tabled due to lack of emotion
throughout the commissioners on the subject.

Commissioners approved the changing status of Gilbert Hess from road hand for
Precinct 3 to the status and pay rate of foreman. Along with foreman status,
Hess was granted a cellular phone allowance by Precinct 3 Commissioner Al Smith
and the other commissioners.

The approval of surplus for an X-ray reading machine was unanimously approved by
the commissioners.

Cooke County Library was approved a surplus by the commissioners for its
donation to the Cooke County Friends of the Library.

No action was taken concerning the approval of actions on the restoration of the
Cooke County Courthouse.

The approval of a vehicle surplus auction was collectively granted by the
commissioners.

Commissioners unanimously approved specifications and advertising for sealed
bids of road aggregate material and decomposed granite gravel.

Along with the approval of the sealed bids, commissioners also gave approval of
advertising bids for various types of asphalts, oils and emulsions, as well as
the advertising of sealed bids for corrugated galvanized metal pipe to be used
by Cooke County.

Commissioners approved and amended the now 12-month contract agreement on the
advertising of bids for the purchase of bulk fuels to be delivered to various
locations within Cooke County.

Also approved and amended was the 6-month contract agreement on the
advertisement of sealed bids for MC-250, MC-800, MC-300 oil, along with other
road-building materials.

Susan Spencer, as purchaser said, "I'm trying to get the bids to run our fiscal
year so its easier for y'all to budget. It's probably going to end up helping
y'all in the long run, to run on a fiscal year."

All commissioners were present for Monday's meeting.

To see more of the Gainesville Daily Register or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.gainesvilleregister.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Gainesville Daily
Register, Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100323-XG-DRAINAGE-PROJECT-20100323

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XG


                   Copyright 2010 Gainesville Daily Register


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   December 20, 1994, Tuesday, DAILY EDITION

Ministers approve new farm safety net

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 16, Economic News

LENGTH: 259 words


Canada's agriculture ministers approved the framework yesterday for a new farm
safety net.

''Our objective is to get away from almost minute-to-minute crisis management in
Canadian agriculture,'' federal Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale said after a
meeting with his provincial counterparts.

Farmers will be able to put money into an account during good years and make
withdrawals when their income drops below a certain level.

Farmers will be able to contribute 3% of their eligible net sales to the
account. The federal government will kick in another 2% and the provinces will
add 1%.

The program, which will build upon the current Net Income Stabilization Account,
is optional.

The plan puts some responsibility for planning for tough times in the hands of
farmers, instead of having them rely on government bailouts, Goodale said.

Government officials began discussions three years ago on a whole-farm income
support program.

Whole farm refers to the concept of tying a program to farm income rather than a
specific commodity. Programs not generally available to all farmers could be
challenged under international trade laws.

Canada also wanted to overhaul farm programs, replacing the wide array of farm
income support programs with just one.

Agriculture ministers decided to keep a national crop insurance program.

Goodale said officials will work out details of the new whole-farm program and
report back to the ministers by March 1.

He hopes to see the program start in the 1995 taxation year.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Kiowa News (Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 26, 2015

Local Conservation District Work Group to Hold Meeting

BYLINE: The Kiowa News staff

LENGTH: 369  words


The Barber County Conservation District board of supervisors will hold a Local
Work Group (LWG) meeting at 9:00 AM on Tuesday, September 1, 2015, at the UDSA
Service Center in Medicine Lodge, Kansas.

The purpose of this meeting is to:

Identify local priority resource concerns

Establish ranking priorities

Review current USDA conservation program cost lists

LWGs are important in providing recommendations on local and state natural
resource priorities and criteria for U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
conservation activities and programs to the NRCS Kansas Technical Committee
(KTC).

Responsibilities of LWGs

The responsibilities of the LWGs are identified in the USDA Conservation Program
Delivery Manual. The LWGs recommendations will be reviewed by the KTC for
submittal to USDA agencies. They help to:

Ensure that a conservation needs assessment to identify priority resource
concerns is developed using community stakeholder input and use the conservation
needs assessment to help identify program funding needs and conservation
practices.

Recommend the USDA conservation program application and funding criteria,
eligible practices (including limits on practice payments or units), and payment
rates.

Assist the NRCS and CCDs with public outreach and information efforts, and
identify educational and producers' training needs.

Membership of LWGs

The Local Work Group should be diverse and focus on agricultural interests and
natural resource issues existing in the community. Membership should include
agricultural producers representing the variety of crops, livestock, and poultry
raised within the local area; owners of nonindustrial private forest land,
representatives of agricultural and environmental organizations; and
governmental agencies carrying out agricultural and natural resource
conservation and activities. LWGs also take into account concerns of particular
historically underserved groups and individuals including but not limited to
women, persons with disabilities, socially disadvantages, and limited resource
groups.

For more information about LWGs, or to become a member, contact the conservation
office in Medicine Lodge at (620) 886-5311.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KIO

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2015 The Kiowa News


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Northwood Anchor (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 30, 2014

USDA announces funding availability for biomass material into energy

BYLINE: The Northwood Anchor staff

LENGTH: 429  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) will be accepting applications from energy facilities
interested in receiving forest or agricultural residues to generate clean
energy. The support comes through the Biomass Crop Assistance Program (BCAP),
which was authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill.

BCAP provides financial assistance to farmers and ranchers who establish and
maintain new crops of energy biomass, or who harvest and deliver forest or
agricultural residues to a qualifying energy facility. Of the total $25 million
per year authorized for BCAP, the 2014 Farm Bill provides up to 50 percent
($12.5 million) each year for matching payments for the harvest and
transportation of biomass residues. BCAP matching payments will resume this
summer, while crop incentives will begin in 2015. Some matching payments will
support the removal of dead or diseased trees from National Forests and Bureau
of Land Management public lands. This will be turned into renewable energy while
reducing the risk of forest fire. Agriculture residues, such as corn cobs and
stalks, also may qualify as energy-producing feedstock.

With the 2014 Farm Bill requiring several regulatory updates to BCAP, the
resumption of payments for starting and maintaining new sources of biomass

(Project Areas) has been deferred until a later date when the regulatory updates
occur.

The USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA), which administers BCAP, will begin accepting
applications from biomass conversion facilities beginning June 16, 2014, through
July 14, 2014. Information on funding availability can be found in the Federal
Register notice at http://go.usa. gov/8FSH. For more details on applications and
deadlines on BCAP, visit a local FSA county office or go online to www.fsa.
usda.gov/bcap.

BCAP was reauthorized by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm Bill builds on historic
economic gains in rural America over the past five years, while achieving
meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers. Since
enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each provision of
this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to farmers and
ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to rural credit;
funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private conservation
partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve quality of life
in rural America. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NWA

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 The Northwood Anchor


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Superior Express (Nebraska)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 14, 2013

Straight from the Horses Mouth

BYLINE: The Superior Express staff

LENGTH: 975  words


I was reading through my agricultural related magazines and came across an
interview with someone I have a lot of respect for concerning the animal
agriculture industry. Dr. H. Russell Cross, former administrator of USDA FSIS
and currently head of the animal science department at Texas A&M, is a good
advocate for all of us involved in the animal industry and especially for the
meat that we eat.

In this interview he projected a real concern that could come back to haunt the
United States in general and agriculture specifically. He points out something
that all of us that work in extension have seen the erosion in research in
agriculture, particularly animal agriculture research. This should be a concern
for everyone in animal agriculture, not just the academics. It could have far
reaching consequences for our future as an industry and the future of how we
provide enough protein for a rapidly growing world population.

Public funding of research for U.S. animal agriculture has been shrinking and
now is at a critical level. When you consider the demands of the future and the
stance of other countries, the U.S. situation looks desperate.

The projected population increases and associated demand will ask agriculture to
nearly double its production in the next few decades. Animal agriculture is an
important part of that, as the need and demand ibr protein will be a big part of
the equation. Protein will not only be needed, butdemanded by what used to be
called developing or third world countries are now developed countries with a
rising influence level and huge demand.

It is projected that the world's population will likely reach 9.2 billion in
2050, with virtually all new growth occurring in the developing world. By 2050,
the world's farmers will need to supply almost twice as much food as they do
today. We will need to produce as much food in the next 40 years as have in the
last 8, 000. The $64, 000 question is: "Where will the food come from?"

Today, we use about a third of the planet's land surface for agriculture. But
when you subtract the areas that are already taken for deserts, mountains,
lakes, rivers, cities and highways the-figure rises to about 58 percent of the
land. Take out the national parks and other protected areas, and food production
already consumes 70 percent of available space. At current growth rates, we will
be nearing the planet's capacity by 2050. At some point, the amount of land
devoted to agriculture will stop expanding, because there is only so much land.
We must find a way to roughly double the productivity of farming, so that we can
produce twice as much food on the same amount of land or on land that can't
produce grain. It is a daunting technological and social challenge, and one that
does not have a single solution.

The tools of modern biology have brought tremendous improvements in crops and
animals by breeding in traits like faster growth and increased resistance to
drought and disease in crops and feed efficiency, growth and carcass quality in
livestock. I am of the persuasion that this increase can only come through
advancements in technology, since land for agriculture is limited as are natural
resources such as water. Something I think will be as important to this country
as oil.

In the past, science has provided informa'tion that has helped agricultural
industries to respond to problems, improve quality, quantity and safety of our
food supply. All of this is necessary to secure food for the future.

Here comes my concern. Dr. Cross notes that animal-health companies invest 25 to
35 percent of their profits in research and development, while commodity
companies invest less than 0.5 percent. And more troubling is the fact that Land
Grant universities, the ag schools, only receive 10 to 20 percent of their
animal science funding from the states. USDA research funding, through
competitive grants, is about $262 million with only $22 million going to
food-animal research. The rest of the world is out investing us in agriculture
research. For instance, Brazil invests $3 billion and China $45 billion in
agricultural research compared to the $1.4 billion in the U.S. Today, American
animal science departments are decreasing faculty, which means fewer scientists
and less research.

If nothing is done to reverse this trend, over-regulation, coupled with a
decrease in scientific knowledge, will likely result in the U.S. becoming
dependent on food imported from other countries. I would just as soon have a
good Nebraska steak as a steak from who knows where, fed who knows what!

I am glad to say that the University of Nebraska - Institute of Natural
Resources is being progressive and our state is trying to get in line for these
challenges, and I applaud our university for taking the bull by the horns and
our Unicameral for helping UNL in its endeavor. Even in this time of uncertainty
my alma mater is expanding its role in research and education in agriculture. I
think that most everyone is aware Innovation Park now resides where the state
fair use to be located. We are in the process of a commitment to a Rural Futures
Initiative, and now UNL is doubling down on its investment in agriculture with
36 new faculty positions and we all should be pumped up for all of these
significant decisions. Ronnie Green, IANR vice-chancellor, has issued a
statement I agree with fully. "As one of the world's leading agricultural
producers, Nebraska is the epicenter of these issues, and its land-grant
university must be there too. All of the needs out there indicate that we need
to expand our efforts to meet the challenges that are ahead. The move to more
faculty positions will allow UNL to emerge as one of a handful of land-grant
universities that will lead the way in solving the food-production needs of the
future."

Amen!1 am proud to be a part of it!

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SPX

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 The Superior Express


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            November 18, 2016 Friday

Community-managed hydropower plants: PPAF receives global recognition

SECTION: Vol. 52 No. 318

LENGTH: 328  words


The Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund (PPAF) here on Thursday received global
recognition for its community managed Hydropower Plants. According to PPAF
announcement, here on Thursday, the award winning project is about 55 micro
hydro plants completed in Northern Areas during the period 2004 to 2015 with
funding from the World Bank, and the United States Department of Agriculture.

The prestigious Energy Institute (EI), UK has selected these PPAF projects in
the EI Awards Community Initiative category for 2016. Besides clean energy the
project is providing light and much needed economic opportunities through
enterprise development for nearly 12,000 households. PPAF is at forefront to
play lead role in increasing access to modern, affordable, reliable and
sustainable energy resources.

PPAF began its renewable energy programme in 2003 and has completed over 3,900
projects of different types and sizes through grants and microcredit funded by
the World Bank, United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), and the German
Ministry of Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ) through the German
Development Bank (KfW).

These included development of mini hydroelectric plants, decentralised solar
lighting and solar home systems, wind energy projects, solar-wind hybrid
systems, solar water pumping projects and biogas plants.

PPAF with funding from KfW is currently implementing the Hydropower and
Renewable Energy project. Under this project, PPAF through its partner
organizations is implementing 5 Micro and Mini Hydro Power Projects ranging from
36kw to 306kw in Chitral, Buner, and Upper Dir districts of KP while the Solar
Lighting System (SLS) component of the project covers 96 mini-grid systems with
a cumulative capacity of 500kw in the Lakki Marwat, Karak and Swabi districts of
KP. Qazi Azmat Isa, CEO of PPAF, said that the PPAF is committed to combating
poverty and mitigating the effects of climate change on marginalized communities
across Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           November 19, 2015 Thursday

Diaspora Engagement: Alliance for Agribusiness Development

LENGTH: 521  words


Total Funding: $6,120,056
*$1,500,000 from USAID; $4,620,056 from our four private sector partners:
Diaspora-owned Brajlovic, based in Vienna, and BiH-based Brams from Sarajevo,
Natura Food from Bijeljina, and Plant from Tuzla.


The Challenge: With more than 2 million individuals living abroad, the Bosnia
and Herzegovina (BiH) diaspora is equal to 51% of the population living within
the country (3.8 million), which makes BiH the top emigrating country in Europe
s emerging markets. BiH diaspora is distributed among many countries, with large
diaspora settled in Europe and the former Yugoslavia, the United States, Canada
and Australia. These communities maintain their commitment to family and friends
back home: remittances totaled approx. $3 billion in 2013, equal to 13% of the
BiH GDP. Agriculture is one of the strongest sectors for economic development in
BiH. But expanding BiH agriculture, with its base of relatively small-scale
landholdings, requires small holders to focus on high-value agricultural crops
for EU markets.
Our Program: The Diaspora Engagement: Alliance for Agribusiness Development
project contributes to the development of rural economies in targeted
municipalities through agriculture. Production of cornichons, a high-value crop
grown by small holder farmers, is particularly well suited for expansion. The
Alliance focuses on leveraging domestic and diaspora direct investment to
increase production and export of cornichons from BiH to Germany and Austria and
to generate jobs and income in rural areas.
Implementation : The Alliance provides technical assistance to produce and
process cornichons, and technology and logistic support to ensure that BiH
growers maintain their comparative advantage and meet increasing demand. It will
upgrade the overall value chain by linking small scale producers to the EU
market. The Alliance cooperates with municipalities in both BiH entities:
Srebrenica, Zivinice, Zepce, Zavidovici, Tesanj, Teslic, Bratunac, Zvornik,
Bijeljina and Mostar, and the flood-affected municipalities of Maglaj and Doboj.

By partnering with the private sector, we triple the amount of funding and thus
impact. In addition, the activity benefits from the industry knowledge of our
private sector diaspora partners, while partnering with them around mutually
beneficial goals will ensure sustainability.
Expected Results :


At the end of this project, we expect to:
Increase the volume of production and export of cornichons in BiH;

Create more than 5,100 full-time and seasonal jobs in rural areas;
Provide income for more than 1,600 participating farmers; and
Increase diaspora direct investment.
Project completion date : 2020-05-31 12:00:00
Major organization : ARGONA

Address : Bosnia and Herzegovina

Country :Bosnia and Herzegovina
Financier : United States Agency for International Development (USAID),

Financier address : United States Agency for International Development (USAID)

Robert Frasure Street #1
71000 Sarajevo
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Phone : 387 33 70 40 00
Fax : 387 33 219 298
Email : usaidsarajevo@usaid.gov
Website : www.usaid.gov /

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                   October 10, 2000 Tuesday NATIONAL EDITIONS

Banff meeting aims to keep up pressure on EU: Ending farm subsidies

BYLINE: John Greenwood; jgreenwood@nationalpost.com

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST: NEWS; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 420 words


Canada will push its trading allies in the Cairns Group to stick to their guns
in the ongoing battle to pressure the European Union and the United States to
abandon their multi-billion dollar agricultural subsidies when delegates of the
Cairns member states meet today in Banff, Alta.

'What we want to ensure is that ministers remain focused on the very real
problems subsidies and trade barriers are causing for farmers around the world,
including in Canada,' said Lyle Vanclief, the federal minister of agriculture.

The Cairns Group is an association of 18 medium-sized exporting countries --
including Canada, Australia, Chile, Indonesia and South Africa -- that was
formed in 1986 as a counterbalance to the dominance of Europe and the United
States in agricultural trade.This week's gathering -- the group's 21st -- is
scheduled to wind up on Thursday.

The battle over subsidies between the United States and Europe has forced down
world prices for key agricultural products, such as wheat and corn, and put
farmers out of business in countries that can't afford to subsidize to the same
level, such as Canada.

'At the Banff meeting we will be developing a language [for the next round of
World Trade Organization talks on agriculture],' said Larry Hill, a director of
the Canadian Wheat Board.

While the Cairns Group has made great strides in forcing the issue of
agricultural subsidies on to the agenda at the WTO, member countries, such as
Canada, have also been hurt by charges they won't acknowledge their own
subsidies.

For instance, the wheat board has been criticized by American politicians as an
instrument of government support.

Likewise, Canadian dairy and poultry producers have been targeted because of
support they receive from their respective marketing boards, which set quotas
and limit foreign competition.

At the Seattle WTO talks, the European Union and the United States joined forces
to demand the elimination of what they called 'state trading enterprises.' The
move was aimed at Cairns members such as Canada and Australia, which both
operate grain boards.

Having forced discussions of the removal of farm subsidies on to the agenda at
the WTO, Cairns Group members must now persuade their trading partners to accept
a timetable with milestones set for the dismantling of agricultural supports.

'Obviously, the Europeans and the Americans are not committing themselves to a
timetable of any sort,' said a member of the Canadian delegation who declined to
give his name.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

                    Copyright 2000 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             January 4, 2016 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Needed: A New Green Revolution

BYLINE: By PHILLIP A. SHARP and ALAN LESHNER.

­Phillip A. Sharp, a professor at M.I.T., won a Nobel Prize in 1993. Alan
Leshner is the C.E.O. emeritus of the American Association for the Advancement
of Science. They serve on the board of the Supporters of Agricultural Research
Foundation.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED CONTRIBUTORS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 815 words


DESPITE the four-year drought that has parched California and led to mandatory
restrictions on water use, farmers there have kept feeding the country.
California produces more of 66 different food crops than any other state, $54
billion of food annually.

Maintaining this level of productivity has been quite a challenge in recent
years and is likely to become more difficult over the next few decades as
weather patterns, available water and growing seasons shift further and threats
of invasive weeds, pests and pathogens rise.

If agriculture is to have any chance of answering these challenges, we must have
new and improved techniques and technologies. The problem is that agricultural
innovation has not kept pace.

The last time our nation was in a similar crisis was just after the Dust Bowl
years in the 1940s, but the country's agricultural science enterprise was in
much better shape. At that point, almost 40 percent of American research and
development spending was focused on agriculture. This ambitious embrace of
research was part of the ''green revolution'' that significantly boosted
agricultural output around the world.

Today, farm production has stopped growing in the United States, and agriculture
research is no longer a priority; it constitutes only 2 percent of federal
research and development spending. And, according to the Department of
Agriculture, total agricultural production has slowed significantly since the
turn of the century. We need another ambitious surge in agricultural science.

Consider the avian flu epidemic, in which more than 48 million birds were killed
-- 30 million in Iowa alone -- because the only way to control an outbreak is to
eradicate a farm's entire flock. The Agriculture Department recorded only 219
birds that were actually sick with the flu. The $3.3 billion in losses have led
to a search for a better method of controlling the virus than killing a farm's
flock because of one sick bird.

History has shown that science can solve the nation's agriculture and food
production problems, but to do so, the American system of food and agricultural
research must be substantially reinvigorated. Research can tackle how to grow
more food with fewer resources under increasingly difficult growing conditions.
But this can be accomplished only if more of the brightest minds are engaged
with enough funding to pursue transformative ideas.

While private sector research and development in agriculture have grown over the
past decade and now exceed what is federally funded, this financing is focused
on shorter term benefits. On the other hand, more than 80 percent of federally
funded research is designed to provide the building blocks for long-term
production increases to address the many problems we face in the decades ahead.
These problems have been amplified by climate change and the demands of a
growing global population.

Experience has shown that the best way forward is funding research through a
competitive process, with projects selected through a peer-review procedure that
excludes politics. There is a program in the Agriculture Department that
embraces these tenets, the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative, and its
research grants show great promise.

New, hardier varieties of corn are being developed from tropical species that
can better withstand heat, drought and changes to the environment. The
probiotics found in fermented products like yogurt are being tested to replace
antibiotics used in animal husbandry. And nanotechnology and electrified
micro-coatings of water are being applied to some produce, to prevent food
poisoning. Government research is even exploring how to double the rate of
photosynthesis and eliminate the need for pesticides.

The potential is great, but the program has never been fully funded. Despite a
$25 million increase in the omnibus budget agreement, the budget of the
department's research initiative sits at half of what Congress authorized in
2008 when it created the program. In the 2014 fiscal year, the program's
peer-review process identified approximately $1.1 billion in grants as worthy of
funding, but the program could dispense only $270 million. We cannot kindle the
next green revolution if we treat roughly three-quarters of a billion dollars in
worthwhile scientific ideas as if they were table scraps.

Throughout humanity's existence, farming and food production have always
benefited from innovative solutions that solved challenges and looked beyond the
horizon. Now more than ever, we need to embrace 21st-century science, fund it
and turn it loose so we can develop better methods of putting food on the table.
Our world is changing; the way we grow and produce food needs a much richer diet
of scientific ingenuity to keep pace.

Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter, and sign up
for the Opinion Today newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/04/opinion/we-need-a-new-green-revolution.html

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

FLORIDA:Commissioner Putnam Announces Florida to Receive $7.3 Million to Combat
Agricultural Pests, Diseases

LENGTH: 307  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, The state of Florida has issued
the following news release:

The Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services today announced the
state will receive $7.3 million in federal funding through the federal Farm Bill
to help eradicate pests and control diseases that affect the state's $120
billion agriculture industry.

"From citrus greening to giant African land snails and many others, pests and
diseases are major threats to Florida agriculture," said Florida Commissioner of
Agriculture Adam H. Putnam. "This funding will help prevent the spread of pests
and diseases throughout the state and help keep Florida's $120 billion
agriculture industry going strong."

The USDA's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) yesterday released
the spending plan for the pest and disease control section of the Farm Bill. The
purpose of the APHIS funding is to prevent the introduction and spread of plant
pests and diseases that threaten the U.S. agriculture and environment. This
funding will strengthen pest surveillance, detection and identification and help
mitigate these threats.

The state programs that will be funded include:

Giant African land snail mitigation.
    Detector dog inspections.
    Enhanced pest detection at high-risk domestic interdiction sites and
marina/canal systems.
    Collaborative educational and regulatory activities between the Florida,
California and Hawaii agriculture departments of agriculture.
    Research and development for citrus health, including producing clean
germplasm.
    Mitigation of a variety of pests, including the Asian giant hornet, invasive
snails and slugs, exotic whiteflies, brown marmorated stink bug and cactus
moths.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Iowa Conservation Collaboration Grants - Fiscal Year 2017

LENGTH: 695  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    USDA-NRCS-IA-CCG-17-01

 Funding Opportunity Title:    Iowa Conservation Collaboration Grants - Fiscal
Year 2017

 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:



 Funding Instrument Type:    Cooperative Agreement

 Grant

 Category of Funding Activity:    Agriculture

 Environment

 Natural Resources

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:    8

 CFDA Number(s):    10.902 -- Soil and Water Conservation

 10.903 -- Soil Survey

 10.912 -- Environmental Quality Incentives Program

 10.924 -- Conservation Stewardship Program

 10.931 -- Agricultural Conservation Easement Program

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    Yes



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Jan 19, 2017

 Last Updated Date:    Jan 19, 2017

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    May 31, 2017

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    May 31, 2017

 Archive Date:    Jun 30, 2017

 Estimated Total Program Funding:

 Award Ceiling:    $500,000

 Award Floor:    $0

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS,
other than institutions of higher education

 Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

 Private institutions of higher education

 City or township governments

 State governments

 County governments

 Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

 Special district governments

 Additional Information on Eligibility:

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    Utah State Office

 Description:    The Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS), an agency
under the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), is announcing
potential availability of Conservation Collaboration Grants for the purpose of
leveraging NRCS resources, addressing local natural resource issues, encouraging
collaboration and developing state- and community-level conservation leadership.
NRCS anticipates that the amount available for support of this program in Fiscal
Year 2017 will be up to $2,000,000. Proposals will be accepted from eligible
entities based in or with substantial operations in Iowa. Proposals are
requested from eligible governmental or non-governmental organizations, and
institutions of higher learning for competitive consideration of grant awards
for projects between one and three years in duration. The purpose of
Conservation Collaboration Grants will be to leverage NRCS and partner resources
to: a. Build soil health on cropland. b. Improve environmental and economic
performance of grasslands. c. Provide habitat for local wildlife species of
concern as identified in the Iowa Wildlife Action Plan. d. Reduce the net
emissions of greenhouse gasses associated with agriculture. e. Support the Iowa
Nutrient Reduction Strategy. Emphasis will be placed on projects that: a. Build
technical capacity of NRCS and partner field conservation employees. b. Build
the capacity of local watershed groups to develop and implement effective
projects. c. Leverage non-Federal and non-government resources to achieve
positive natural resources conservation outcomes. Proposals will be screened for
completeness and compliance with the provisions of this notice. Incomplete
and/or noncompliant proposals will be eliminated from competition, and
notification of elimination will be sent to the applicant. Complete proposals
received by applicable deadlines will be evaluated based on criteria the stated
in this announcement. Evaluated proposals will be forwarded to the NRCS State
Conservationist who will make the final selections.

 Link to Additional Information:    Iowa NRCS Request for Proposals Webpage

 Grantor Contact Information:    If you have difficulty accessing the full
announcement electronically, please contact:



 Martin Adkins Natural Resources Conservation Service Neal Smith Federal
Building 210 Walnut Street, Suite 693 Des Moines, IA 50309-2180 Phone (515)
284-4370 Email martin.adkins@ia.usda.gov



 Assistant State Conservationist - Partnerships
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

Iowa Conservation Collaboration Grants - Fiscal Year 2017

LENGTH: 695  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    USDA-NRCS-IA-CCG-17-01

 Funding Opportunity Title:    Iowa Conservation Collaboration Grants - Fiscal
Year 2017

 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:



 Funding Instrument Type:    Cooperative Agreement

 Grant

 Category of Funding Activity:    Agriculture

 Environment

 Natural Resources

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:    8

 CFDA Number(s):    10.902 -- Soil and Water Conservation

 10.903 -- Soil Survey

 10.912 -- Environmental Quality Incentives Program

 10.924 -- Conservation Stewardship Program

 10.931 -- Agricultural Conservation Easement Program

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    Yes



 Version:    Synopsis 1

 Posted Date:    Jan 19, 2017

 Last Updated Date:    Jan 19, 2017

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    May 31, 2017

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    May 31, 2017

 Archive Date:    Jun 30, 2017

 Estimated Total Program Funding:

 Award Ceiling:    $500,000

 Award Floor:    $0

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Nonprofits having a 501(c)(3) status with the IRS,
other than institutions of higher education

 Public and State controlled institutions of higher education

 Private institutions of higher education

 City or township governments

 Native American tribal governments (Federally recognized)

 Special district governments

 County governments

 State governments

 Additional Information on Eligibility:

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    Utah State Office

 Description:    The Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS), an agency
under the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), is announcing
potential availability of Conservation Collaboration Grants for the purpose of
leveraging NRCS resources, addressing local natural resource issues, encouraging
collaboration and developing state- and community-level conservation leadership.
NRCS anticipates that the amount available for support of this program in Fiscal
Year 2017 will be up to $2,000,000. Proposals will be accepted from eligible
entities based in or with substantial operations in Iowa. Proposals are
requested from eligible governmental or non-governmental organizations, and
institutions of higher learning for competitive consideration of grant awards
for projects between one and three years in duration. The purpose of
Conservation Collaboration Grants will be to leverage NRCS and partner resources
to: a. Build soil health on cropland. b. Improve environmental and economic
performance of grasslands. c. Provide habitat for local wildlife species of
concern as identified in the Iowa Wildlife Action Plan. d. Reduce the net
emissions of greenhouse gasses associated with agriculture. e. Support the Iowa
Nutrient Reduction Strategy. Emphasis will be placed on projects that: a. Build
technical capacity of NRCS and partner field conservation employees. b. Build
the capacity of local watershed groups to develop and implement effective
projects. c. Leverage non-Federal and non-government resources to achieve
positive natural resources conservation outcomes. Proposals will be screened for
completeness and compliance with the provisions of this notice. Incomplete
and/or noncompliant proposals will be eliminated from competition, and
notification of elimination will be sent to the applicant. Complete proposals
received by applicable deadlines will be evaluated based on criteria the stated
in this announcement. Evaluated proposals will be forwarded to the NRCS State
Conservationist who will make the final selections.

 Link to Additional Information:    Iowa NRCS Request for Proposals Webpage

 Grantor Contact Information:    If you have difficulty accessing the full
announcement electronically, please contact:



 Martin Adkins Natural Resources Conservation Service Neal Smith Federal
Building 210 Walnut Street, Suite 693 Des Moines, IA 50309-2180 Phone (515)
284-4370 Email martin.adkins@ia.usda.gov



 Assistant State Conservationist - Partnerships
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

FLORIDA:Commissioner Putnam Announces Florida to Receive $7.3 Million to Combat
Agricultural Pests, Diseases

LENGTH: 307  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, The state of Florida has issued
the following news release:

The Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services today announced the
state will receive $7.3 million in federal funding through the federal Farm Bill
to help eradicate pests and control diseases that affect the state's $120
billion agriculture industry.

"From citrus greening to giant African land snails and many others, pests and
diseases are major threats to Florida agriculture," said Florida Commissioner of
Agriculture Adam H. Putnam. "This funding will help prevent the spread of pests
and diseases throughout the state and help keep Florida's $120 billion
agriculture industry going strong."

The USDA's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) yesterday released
the spending plan for the pest and disease control section of the Farm Bill. The
purpose of the APHIS funding is to prevent the introduction and spread of plant
pests and diseases that threaten the U.S. agriculture and environment. This
funding will strengthen pest surveillance, detection and identification and help
mitigate these threats.

The state programs that will be funded include:

Giant African land snail mitigation.
    Detector dog inspections.
    Enhanced pest detection at high-risk domestic interdiction sites and
marina/canal systems.
    Collaborative educational and regulatory activities between the Florida,
California and Hawaii agriculture departments of agriculture.
    Research and development for citrus health, including producing clean
germplasm.
    Mitigation of a variety of pests, including the Asian giant hornet, invasive
snails and slugs, exotic whiteflies, brown marmorated stink bug and cactus
moths.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           October 27, 2011 Thursday

Farmers Get Enviro Grants

BYLINE: Cindy Stauffer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 431  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

The poop-to-power movement continues in Lancaster County.

Two local farms have received a total of $800,000 in federal grants to set up
manure digesters, which take methane gas from animal waste and convert it into
electricity.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture is funding the digesters to encourage
renewable energy production and reduce greenhouse gas emissions and farm-based
pollution.

Yippee! Farms in Mount Joy received a grant of $500,000.

Jay Clifford Sensenig in Kirkwood received a grant of $309,733.

Manure digesters are thought to aid the environment because they trap methane, a
gas that can lead to global warming, and save carbon dioxide, another
heat-trapping gas, from being released into the atmosphere, experts say. They
also reduce the amount of electricity that needs to be produced by a
fossil-fueled power plant.

The electricity can be used to run the farm and its operations, and excess
amounts can be sold to power companies.

Digesters produce liquid manure and a dry solid. The liquid manure can be spread
on fields and is less soluble to rain than manure that is not put through a
digester. The solid is odor-free and usable for bedding.

Yippee! Farms, which has about 1,600 cows, is on Iron Bridge Road and is owned
by Arlin and Deborah Benner. The Benner family also owns neighboring farms, one
at 1020 Pinkerton Road and one adjoining that.

Sensenig and his wife, Andrea, own a farm on Spring Hill Road in Little Britain
Township.

Their family owns 250 cows, 2,200 pigs and 30,000 hens. The digester will use
manure from those animals and birds to produce electricity.

Two farms in Shippensburg and Mifflintown also received grants totaling more
than $700,000.

The four Pennsylvania projects represent 21 percent of all digester projects in
the United States in 2011, according to a press release from the U.S. Department
of Agriculture.

The Lancaster County digesters are the third and fourth to receive federal
funding here, federal officials said.

The other two were Brubaker Farms in Mount Joy and Wanner Pride and Joy in
Narvon.

In all, 14 digester projects have been funded in the state, with nine in the
Chesapeake Bay Watershed.

Federal officials made the funding announcement Wednesday during a trip to a
Wisconsin farm.

Funding was provided by the USDA Rural Energy for America Program, or REAP.
Since its creation in 2002, REAP has saved about 13.4 billion kilowatts of
electricity, reduced almost 14.5 million metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions
and assisted almost 9,600 businesses, farms and ranches, federal officials said.

cstauffer@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2012 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                  July 4, 2012

                              Blue Ridge Biofuels

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Blue Ridge Biofuels Receives Grant For Asheville Biodiesel Plant In North
Carolina, U.S.

   Date: 1/20/2011 12:00:00 AM

   Blue Ridge Biofuels, LLC, an employee owned business that produces and
distributes biodiesel for Asheville and Western North Carolina, received grant
of $4 million for the construction of biofuel plant in North Carolina, United
States. The grant was provided by United States Department of Agriculture,
through its Bio-energy Program for Advanced Biofuels. The plant has a total
production capacity of 4 million litres.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."


Blue Ridge Biofuels Completes Project Financing Of $0.25 Million For The
Expansion Of Biodiesel Plant In North Carolina, U.S.

   Date: 4/15/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Blue Ridge Biofuels, LLC, an employee owned business that produces and
distributes biodiesel for Asheville and Western North Carolina, received grant
of $4 million for the construction of biofuel plant in North Carolina, United
States. The grant was provided by United States Department of Agriculture,
through its Bio-energy Program for Advanced Biofuels. The plant has a total
production capacity of 4 million litres.

Tom Vilsack, Agriculture Secretary, said, "The Obama Administration is working
aggressively to bring greater energy independence to all of America by promoting
the production of renewable energy in rural communities". "This funding will
help the nation's advanced biofuel industry produce more fuel from sustainable
rural resources, and in doing so create jobs, new revenue stream for agriculture
producers and stimulate rural economies across the nation."
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *

Investments



 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2012


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 27, 1997, Saturday, Final Edition

Free For All

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A21; FREE FOR ALL

LENGTH: 708 words


Know Your Cattle

I heartily endorse French Caldwell's position that the current Naval Academy
daily operation could become a "model farm" now that the Navy has congressional
authority to divest itself of this anachronism -- as long as the 865 acres
retain their rural and agricultural nature [Close to Home, Dec. 14]. Caldwell's
proposed "Smart Farm" would be a logical conversion that would add to
agricultural research and innovation in the area under the direction of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture and the University of Maryland agricultural research
complex at Beltsville/College Park.

But many of us who frequently pass by the Naval Academy Dairy Farm on Maryland
Route 175 in the Gambrills area and observe the nice black-and-white spotted
bovines cavorting about their pasture know that these worthy animals are of the
Holstein Friesian breed and not golden Guernseys as suggested by Caldwell.

-- Douglas J. Cook

Doing Without Decency

When lawyers like David Cole of Georgetown University ["Money, Merit and Art,"
op-ed, Dec. 22] argue that the Constitution of the United States and the First
Amendment cannot be used to support standards of "decency" and "respect,"
perhaps the time has come to acknowledge that our legal apparatus and the
judges, lawyers and law schools that administer this system have become a mere
automaton.

The legal "machine" seems unable to discriminate between one outcome and another
based on intrinsic values. Would anyone really prefer to live in a society
without standards of decency and respect? Would Cole -- who is eager to ensure
government funding of art that insults and inflames certain religious groups --
be equally zealous and agnostic in support for art that was designed to inflame
racial or ethnic sensitivities? I think not.

Cole's case is rhetorically plausible in the way that a Rube Goldberg machine is
functional. Thus his main simile -- art is like a public university -- fails.
The government's interest in art cannot compare to its interest in educating the
next generation. While we must fund education and protect academic freedom, art
is a matter of personal taste and will thrive with or without government funding
.

-- George Brookings

Tell Me More

I enjoy reading your paper but am often disappointed with the depth of analysis
contained in many of your articles that are designed to shed light on other
cultures and peoples. Take two articles that ran Dec. 22, for instance: the one
on funerals in Ghana [World News] and the Japanese movie director who committed
suicide over an alleged affair [Style]. Nowhere do the authors of these articles
explain why, in the former case, funerals are viewed as celebrations in Ghanaian
society, nor why an alleged affair that would produce no more than a snicker in
the United States would drive a celebrity to commit suicide in Japan.

I commend your nonparochial scope of coverage, but please don't lead your
thirsty readers to water only to offer some surface moisture to wet the lips!
Tell us what it is in these interesting cultures that motivates these sorts of
beliefs and practices.

-- Barry McDonald

NATO Invaded

Columnist George F. Will erroneously states that Argentina's invasion of the
British Falklands was the only "armed invasion of a [NATO member's] territory"
in "NATO's nearly half a century" [op-ed, Dec. 14]. He apparently forgot about
India's seizure of Goa from Portugal in the early 1960s. Indeed, the Goa
invasion went so quickly and easily that it helped mislead Indonesia into
believing that the invasion of Portuguese East Timor in 1976 would proceed
without serious difficulty. I suspect if Indonesia's rulers knew then what they
know now, they would have chosen a less intrusive "Finlandization" option to
meet legitimate security worries about East Timor.

-- Hugo S. Cunningham

Downgraded Down Under

When did Australia become part of the Asian continent? I am referring to the
World in Brief column of Dec. 16, in which the article "Illegal Sterilizations
Reported in Australia" was classified under "Asia."

I am appalled. Last time I checked, Australia was still considered one of the
seven continents of the world.

-- Elisabeth V. Courtner


LOAD-DATE: December 27, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, craig herndon

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Jena Times (Louisiana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 9, 2015

LDAF awarded grant to support La. food safety

BYLINE: The Jena Times staff

LENGTH: 264  words


The Louisiana Department of Agriculture and Forestry (LDAF) Agricultural
Chemistry Programs Division was recently awarded a five year, $3 million grant
from the Food and Drug Administration in support of food safety efforts.

The Animal Feed Regulatory Program Standards (AFRPS) Cooperative Agreement will
advance efforts to achieve a nationally integrated food safety system.

The agreement will provide funding for the LDAF Feed Program, housed within the
Agricultural Chemistry Programs Division on the LSU Campus in Baton Rouge. It
will develop and maintain best practices, enhance feed safety and better direct
regulatory activities at reducing food borne illness attributed to feed safety
hazards in facilities that manufacture, process, pack, or hold animal feed
materials/supplies. In addition, this cooperative agreement will provide funding
for the LDAF Agricultural Chemistry Laboratory to pursue laboratory
accreditation under the International Organization for Standards (ISO) 17025
criteria.

The funding will assist in ensuring quality laboratory management and technical
operations and support the analytical testing of feed products sampled by the
LDAF Office of Agricultural and Environmental Sciences inspectors.

LDAF Commissioner Mike Strain, D.V.M., said, "The job of the LDAF is to ensure a
safe food supply through sampling and testing of foods available to the
Louisiana consumer. Receiving this grant award allows us to continue our work to
make sure food is safe for both people and animals."

This cooperative agreement began September 1, 2015 and ends August 31, 2020.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JEN

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2015 The Jena Times


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                            March 20, 2014 Thursday

Looking after soils pays dividends

BYLINE: Shan Goodwin

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 398 words


VEGETABLE growers from across the Cudgen Plateau on the Far North Coast are
moving to align their region and industry with sustainable agriculture for
production benefits and, longer term, as a point of difference in the market
place.

Developing whole-of-farm, natural resource management plans, underpinned by
biological practices, is their latest initiative and funding has been secured
for training for a group of 15 vegetable growers and one herb farmer.

Driven by Tweed Fruit and Vegetable Growers Association and Tweed Shire
Council's Sustainable Agriculture Strategy, the course will be delivered by TAFE
NSW thanks to North Coast Local Lands Service and Tweed Shire Council's
Water-ways Program funding.

The producers represent more than 160 hectares of State agricultural land and
are also the "new generation" of the region's farmers with none aged above 40.

They will attend sessions run by soil health guru Gary Zimmer and Bob Shaffer, a
sustainable agricultural consultant from the United States who has worked
extensively with the US sweet potato industry.

Challenges for the Cudgen vegetable producers include soil loss and degradation
and crop losses from plant parasitic nematodes.

Conventional soil management practices and chemical-based controls are proving
costly and ineffective long-term methods of addressing those issues.

Tweed Shire Council's Sustainable Agriculture program leader Eli Szandala said
the training would help farmers resist nematodes, increase profits and sustain
soil health.

"Farmers will be trained in best practice soil and pest management and, by
identifying specific production issues and natural resource assets on their
land, will be able to tailor farm management plans to fit the unique situations
they each face," he said.

The project builds on the success of a number of recent natural resource
management initiatives in the region, including federally-funded projects to
increase carbon levels in agricultural soils and revegetation of waterways on
farming country.

According to Mr Szandala, farmers in the area shared a desire to use natural
processes in food production to keep farming enterprises viable while protecting
the area's natural resources.

Producers said farming in a sustainable "clean, green" way may also, down the
track, underpin a branding program that would set them apart in the marketplace
and allow them to target premiums.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                                 March 19, 2014

SECTION: CROPPING

LENGTH: 398  words


VEGETABLE growers from across the Cudgen Plateau on the Far North Coast are
moving to align their region and industry with sustainable agriculture for
production benefits and, longer term, as a point of difference in the market
place.

Developing whole-of-farm, natural resource management plans, underpinned by
biological practices, is their latest initiative and funding has been secured
for training for a group of 15 vegetable growers and one herb farmer.

Driven by Tweed Fruit and Vegetable Growers Association and Tweed Shire
Council's Sustainable Agriculture Strategy, the course will be delivered by TAFE
NSW thanks to North Coast Local Lands Service and Tweed Shire Council's
Water-ways Program funding.

The producers represent more than 160 hectares of State agricultural land and
are also the "new generation" of the region's farmers - with none aged above 40.

They will attend sessions run by soil health guru Gary Zimmer and Bob Shaffer, a
sustainable agricultural consultant from the United States who has worked
extensively with the US sweet potato industry.

Challenges for the Cudgen vegetable producers include soil loss and degradation
and crop losses from plant parasitic nematodes.

Conventional soil management practices and chemical-based controls are proving
costly and ineffective long-term methods of addressing those issues.

Tweed Shire Council's Sustainable Agriculture program leader Eli Szandala said
the training would help farmers resist nematodes, increase profits and sustain
soil health.

"Farmers will be trained in best practice soil and pest management and, by
identifying specific production issues and natural resource assets on their
land, will be able to tailor farm management plans to fit the unique situations
they each face," he said.

The project builds on the success of a number of recent natural resource
management initiatives in the region, including federally-funded projects to
increase carbon levels in agricultural soils and revegetation of waterways on
farming country.

According to Mr Szandala, farmers in the area shared a desire to use natural
processes in food production to keep farming enterprises viable while protecting
the area's natural resources.

Producers said farming in a sustainable "clean, green" way may also, down the
track, underpin a branding program that would set them apart in the marketplace
and allow them to target premiums.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                      November 10, 2013 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Record Number of Organizations Sign Letter Urging Conferees to Back the Farm
Bill's Energy Title

LENGTH: 312  words


New Delhi, Nov. 10 -- The Agriculture Energy Coalition (AgEC), along with 25x25
and the Environmental Law & Policy Center, led a group of more than 100
organizations in sending a letter today urging Congressional conferees to adopt
the Senate Farm Bill's Energy Title funding. If approved, this bill would
provide $900 million in mandatory funding for agriculture energy programs.
Signatories include such organizations as the National Farmers Union, the
Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO), American Biogas Council, Biomass
Power Association, DWEA, AWEA, SEIA, ABFA, and others.



The Agriculture Energy Coalition (AgEC) and co-signers wrote that a strong,
well-funded energy title is not only vital to the development and
commercialization of renewable energy, bioproducts, renewable chemicals, and
energy efficiency but also crucial to maintain a robust and sustainable
agriculture sector across the United States. The letter continues by saying,
"Programs like the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP), Biomass Crop
Assistance Program (BCAP), Biorefinery Assistance Program (BAP) and Biobased
Markets Program (Biopreferred) strongly support American agriculture and ensure
broad public benefits to the entire country."

With a record amount of signatures, the coalition and organizations called
Congressional conferees' attention to the Farm Bill's Energy Title as a catalyst
for job formation, "Many tens of thousands of direct and indirect jobs are being
created or saved in rural areas by our nation's expanding clean energy economy."
The letter continues by asserting that "this growth is occurring due in large
part to Farm Bill energy programs, which have used a modest amount of federal
money to leverage billions of dollars in private investment. These new
agriculture, manufacturing, and high technology jobs are at risk without
continued Federal investment."

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 18, 2012 Wednesday
                                 Drive Edition

Bishops seek Lucas' help to save food stamp funding

BYLINE: CHRIS CASTEEL, Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 449 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops sent a letter to Rep. Frank
Lucas on Tuesday urging him to protect food stamp funding as the House
Agriculture Committee looks to cut spending.

Lucas, R-Cheyenne, is chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, which
oversees the food stamp program because it is administered by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. Republicans have been seeking changes to the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, pointing to an explosion in costs in
recent years.

The budget passed by House Republicans requires the Agriculture Committee to
make cuts to programs under its jurisdiction. The panel is scheduled to take up
a proposal Wednesday to cut $33 billion from the food stamp program in the next
10 years. The committee says that would be a 4 percent cut in that time.

The bishops' letter, also sent to Rep. Collin Peterson, of Minnesota, the
committee's top Democrat, states that, instead of cutting programs that serve
"poor and hungry people," the committee should target farm subsidies.

"SNAP, also known as food stamps, helps feed millions of households; 76 percent
of which include a child, senior, or disabled person and many include workers
who cannot provide sufficient nutrition for their families," the letter states.

"At this time of economic turmoil and growing poverty, the committee should
oppose cuts in this effective and efficient anti-hunger program that helps
people live in dignity.

"If savings need to be achieved, cuts to agricultural subsidies and direct
payments should be considered before cutting ... programs that help feed poor
and vulnerable people."

Committee spokeswoman Tamara Hinton said the proposal to be taken up Wednesday
"closes loopholes and protects the integrity of the program so that those
families truly in need will continue to be served. Any household who qualifies
for SNAP will continue to be eligible for and receive benefits from the
program."

Participation in SNAP has risen from 33.5 million people in 2009 to 45 million
last year. In Oklahoma, the state Department of Human Services reported in
October that participation was setting records each month; more than 625,000
Oklahomans - and more than 30 percent of all children in the state - received
the benefits in September, department officials said.

Nationally, the cost of the program has increased from $54 billion in 2009 to
$76 billion in 2011.

Participants received an increase in monthly benefits as part of the 2009
stimulus bill. That is set to expire next year, but the House Republican budget
would end it this year.

House Republicans also would change the rules to end practices used in some
states to increase food stamp benefits.


LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                         September 22, 2010, Wednesday

Invasive vegetation;
Kudzu is a growing problem for the state

BYLINE: PAUL FALLON, DAILY MAIL STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 734 words


Some West Virginia property owners may be feeling like the prince who had to
fight his way through the thick forest to reach Sleeping Beauty.

They're battling kudzu.

And while there's a certain creepy beauty to the tracts of land being consumed
at a rapid pace by this Japanese invader, this is no fairy tale with a happy
ending.

Its out-of-control growth in the southeastern United States has earned it such
nicknames as "foot-a-night vine," "mile-a-minute vine," and "the vine that ate
the South," according to the online reference Wikipedia.

It was introduced in this country from Japan as a forage crop and ornamental
plant in 1876. Later, from 1935 to about 1950, farmers were encouraged to plant
it to control soil erosion.

Unfortunately, conditions for the plant's growth in this part of the country are
ideal, and it has no natural predators here. It was declared a pest weed by the
U.S. Department of Agriculture in 1953.

It is believed to be spreading at a rate of 150,000 acres a year.

State and local government officials are well aware of the plant's tenacity.

Kudzu has been a problem in the state for years, said David Dick, an
agricultural weed specialist with the state Department of Agriculture's Plant
Industries Division.

Dick often receives calls from citizens who want his department to come out and
deal with kudzu taking over an area.

"We don't have the funding to come out and take care of kudzu on people's
properties," he said.

There is currently no state funding to deal with it, said Paul Harmon, an
endangered species and natural heritage botanist with the state Division of
Natural Resources.

This is something that Harmon would like to see corrected.

"I think some sort of funding needs to be in place so we can have a better
understanding of what we're going to do with the plant," he said.

Kudzu causes numerous problems. It takes over yards and gardens and even covers
vacant houses, Dick said.

"The biggest problem with the plant is that it will form big stands of nothing
but kudzu," he said.

Once the plant moves into an area, it chokes out other vegetation. Kudzu also
will climb trees and power poles.

The weight of the kudzu can be enough to bring a tree crashing down, he said.

It spreads extremely fast.

"I've seen patches of kudzu covering 10 to 12 acres," he said.

It's a problem for American Electric Power employees, said Jeri Matheney,
director of communications for the company.

Power company workers must continually treat rights of way with herbicide to
control the plant, she said.

While falling trees are the culprits in most power outages, employees have to
fight through kudzu to perform maintenance on poles, she said.

"We have to be able to get up the poles to get to the lines," she said. "And
that's where it becomes a problem."

Matheney did not have figures for the company's spending on kudzu control.

Kudzu has spread across the state, the agriculture department's Dick said. It is
most prevalent south of Interstate 64.

"Kudzu is really bad along the West Virginia Turnpike, and if you look along the
interstate across from the Capitol, you'll see it all over the retaining wall,"
he said. Kudzu often can be found near roads.

Dick also has been receiving numerous calls about kudzu from the South Hills
area.

While his department can't solve the problem, he does advise people about ways
to control the plant.

One suggestion is to keep the area where it is growing mowed very close to the
ground, he said.

"It won't survive close mowing," he said.

Herbicides, such as Round-Up, also can be used to deal with the vine, he said.

TOM HINDMAN/DAILY MAIL

Dead kudzu clings to a power pole saddled with transformers in Coalburg. The
"foot-a-night" vine is very invasive in West Virginia and across the
southeastern states. Although the vine does not knock down power poles, it does
cause a problem for American Electric employees who must climb the poles to
maintain power lines. Below, Kudzu is seen climbing a tree on Longridge Road in
South Hills. The vine can eventually bring trees down with its weight. It was
brought to the United States to be used as ground cover and to stop soil
erosion.

TOM HINDMAN/DAILY MAIL

This kudzu patch on Londeree Avenue in South Charleston, like other patches,
takes over an area choking out all other vegetation. Currently, there is no
state funding to deal with the plant.

Contact writer Paul Fallon at paul.fallon@dailymail.com or 304-348-4817.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 17, 2006 Sunday

Definition of 'specialty crops' grows;
Rules clarify that canned, frozen and bottled products will now be eligible for
millions of dollars in federal funds

BYLINE: Michael Doyle, THE FRESNO BEE

SECTION: Pg. F4

LENGTH: 587 words


Score one for California wineries and Central Valley food processors.

Their canned, frozen and bottled products will now be eligible for millions of
dollars in federal funds devoted to promoting "specialty crops." That's a
bottom-line victory, following a peculiar bureaucratic battle whose origins
remain a tad murky.

Earlier this month, the Agriculture Department spelled out the rules for how the
specialty crop block grant funds can be spent. Some $7 million will be provided
in 2006 with California taking the largest share.

It's a relatively small amount, compared with the traditional crop subsidies
spanning hundreds of millions of dollars annually for cotton, rice, wheat and
corn growers.

Nonetheless, the new specialty crop block grant program has been treasured by
fruit and vegetable growers who complain they've been shortchanged in federal
farm bills.

"California specialty crop growers compete daily against foreign growers who are
heavily subsidized and face comparatively less environmental regulation,"
California Women for Agriculture President Mary Ann Graff advised the
Agriculture Department.

Urged on by then-Rep. Doug Ose, R-Sacramento, Congress approved the new
specialty crop block grant program in 2004.

Up to $44.5 million in annual funding is supposed to help increase fruit,
vegetable and nut consumption and improve the "competitiveness" of U.S.
producers.

"Significant federal investment ... is absolutely essential to fostering the
future of American agriculture," Rep. Dennis Cardoza, D-Merced, and 17 other
House members advised the Agriculture Department.

To spread the political benefits, lawmakers ensured that each state receives at
least $100,000. The rest of the money is divided according to a state's share of
specialty crop production, which is golden for California.

Last April, though, the Agriculture Department threatened to split the
agriculture industry by proposing that "fresh specialty crop projects" enjoy
priority in funding. That stunned some.

"The department's emphasis should be promoting a well-rounded nutritious diet
for all Americans and not singling out one category of fruits and vegetables,"
urged Dennis Balint, chief executive officer of the California Walnut
Commission.

Seventy other farm organizations, ranging from the Valley Fig Growers to the
California Tomato Growers Association, submitted similar public comments
opposing the proposal. Many of the written comments carried identical wording, a
sign of an orchestrated campaign.

"These comments have merit," the Agriculture Department now concedes.

"The (2004 law) does not restrict the term specialty crops to only fresh
commodities and, as such, both fresh and processed specialty crop producers
would benefit from the block grants provided for in this program."

That original proposal prompted worries among farm groups hoping to maintain a
united political front going into the 2007 farm bill debate; it was never really
clear whose fingerprints were on the original proposal.

In the rules made final this week, the Agriculture Department emphasized that
the grants are supposed to aid only crops grown in the United States.

Officials also offered a broad definition of eligible programs, including
everything from consumer ad campaigns to research and environmental
conservation.

Some organizations, for instance, had hoped the rules would specify that
products including lavender, ginger root, coffee and seaweed are all eligible
for funding. Department officials said they would leave those details to later.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces Funding Available for Organic Agriculture Research
and Extension Programs

LENGTH: 723  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the availability of $17.6
million in funding to support research and outreach activities that will help
growers, producers, and processors find innovative ways to improve organic
agriculture. The grants are being funded through the Organic Agriculture
Research and Extension Initiative (OREI), a program that is administered by
USDA's National Institutes of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) and authorized by the
2014 Farm Bill.





 "Over the past six years, USDA has strengthened programs that support organic
producers as they grow, thrive and respond to increasing consumer demand for
organic products," said Secretary Vilsack. "The projects funded through the
Organic Agriculture Research and Extension Initiative will help identify
innovative solutions to critical challenges facing organic agriculture,
ultimately strengthening local markets, improving rural economies and expanding
access to healthy food for Americans."



 The purpose of the OREI program is to fund high-priority research, education,
and extension projects that enhance the ability of producers and processors who
have already adopted organic standards to grow and market high quality organic
products. Priority concerns include biological, physical, and social sciences,
including economics. Past projects include a project at Washington State
University to document the ecological role of wild birds on vegetable farmers,
providing owners with practical, science-based recommendations for wild-bird
management, and a project a joint project between Pennsylvania State University,
Delaware State University, and the University of Maryland-Eastern Shore to
predict benefits and costs of cover crop mixtures in the context of regional
climate, soil and management variability; empower organic farmers to use
mixtures to meet their farm-specific goals; and to integrate this research into
undergraduate organic education to further prepare the next generation of
growers and researchers.



 Funded projects will aid farmers and ranchers with whole farm planning by
delivering practical research-based information and will improve the ability for
growers to develop the Organic System Plan required for certification.



 OREI has eight legislatively-defined goals:



     Facilitating the development and improvement of organic agriculture
production, breeding, and processing methods

     Evaluating the potential economic benefits of organic agricultural
production and methods to producers, processors and rural communities

     Exploring international trade opportunities for organically grown and
processed agricultural commodities

     Determining desirable traits for organic commodities

     Identifying marketing and policy constraints on the expansion of organic
agriculture.

     Conducting advanced on-farm research and development that emphasizes
observation of, experimentation with, and innovation for working organic farms,
including research relating to production, marketing, food safety, socioeconomic
conditions, and farm business management

     Examining optimal conservation and environmental outcomes relating to
organically produced agricultural products

     Developing new and improved seed varieties that are particularly suited for
organic agriculture



 Applications are due March 10, 2016. Please see the request for applications
for specific program requirements.



 Today's announcement was authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm Bill builds
on historic economic gains in rural America over the past six years, while
achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers.
Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each provision
of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to farmers and
ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to rural credit;
funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private conservation
partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve quality of life
in rural America.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

FOLLOWING KICK-OFF OF MAPLE TAPPING SEASON, SCHUMER ANNOUNCES PUSH FOR FED FUNDS
TO SUPPORT AND ENHANCE THE GROWTH OF THE UNTAPPED POTENTIAL OF NYS MAPLE SYRUP
INDUSTRY

LENGTH: 1098  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E.Schumer, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Today, U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer urged federal appropriators to provide $5
million in federal funding to enhance the growth of the maple syrup industry
across New York State and the nation. Schumer said this dedicated federal
funding stream would provide key funding for the Acer Access Development
Program, which supports research and development within the industry.
Specifically, the Acer program would provide the opportunity for further
investment and research in this important crop so that producers throughout New
York and across the U.S. can increase production, strengthen conservation, and
help drive efficiency in maple sugaring. Maple sugaring provides income to an
estimated 10,000 maple producers spread across the country, and Schumer said
this funding would allow U.S. producers like those across New York State to
better compete in the global marketplace.

"By tapping into New York's maple industry and allowing it to expand, the
potential to grow our state's economy and provide income to hardworking
Upstaters is truly astounding. One way we can further ensure New York producers
continue to grow is to open up a federal funding stream for them and producers
around the country," said Schumer. "That is why I am urging federal
appropriators to provide $5 million in funds that would be used exclusively on
research to increase production, strengthen conservation, and help drive
efficiency for the maple industry. We need to use every tool at our disposal to
support maple production and the economic benefit it brings New York State."

Maple syrup is an important agricultural product across 10 states in the
Northeast and Upper Midwest. According to the USDA, in 2013, the United States
produced more than 3.2 million gallons of syrup, worth approximately $75-$100
million. Maple is also a critical conservation crop, which helps to keep our
forests in production, conserves important lands, protects water quality, and
provides a valuable economic benefit to rural communities. The maple industry
has seen significant growth in recent years. New York State ranks second in the
nation for maple production, behind Vermont, with 564,000 gallons produced,
valued at $12.3 million. Schumer said that this $5 million in federal funding
through the Acer program could greatly help New York State's efforts to
strengthen maple production through investment in research, sustainability and
increased production.

Across New York State, there are over 280 million maple trees with syrup-tapping
potential, with local upstate farmers relying on it as a lucrative pocket in the
agriculture industry. If provided the $5 million in appropriated funds, the Acer
Access and Development Program will greatly help these efforts by allowing for
further investment in research, sustainability and increased production to allow
U.S. producers, including those across New York. U.S. production has nearly
doubled in the last decade, thanks to recent innovations in vacuum tubing,
sanitation practices, and better taps, and this funding could better help New
Yorkers compete in the global marketplace for maple syrup.

Maple production in the US peaked in the 1800s, steadily declined throughout the
20th century, and is experiencing a rebirth in the 21st century. Maple syrup is
a luxury item that is now consumed throughout the world, yet the greatest market
for syrup is still the United States. The U.S. currently imports almost four
times as much syrup as it produces, and Schumer said that there is a tremendous
opportunity for American producers to expand production and fill domestic
markets with local syrup by utilizing this research and development funding.

A copy of Senator Schumer's letter to the Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural
Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies appears below:

Dear Chairman Blunt and Ranking Member Merkley:

We write to ask your support for a new agricultural program that was authorized
under the Agricultural Act of 2014.  The Acer Access and Development Program was
included in the Farm Bill to support and enhance the growth of the maple syrup
industry.  To ensure that this new program is successful, we respectfully
request no less than $5 million, far below the authorized level, for the Acer
Access and Development Program in the FY2016 agriculture appropriations bill.

Maple syrup is an important agricultural product across 10 states in the
Northeast and Upper Midwest.  According to the USDA, in 2013, the United States
produced more than 3.2 million gallons of syrup, worth approximately $75-$100
million.   Maple sugaring provides income to an estimated 10,000 maple producers
spread across the country.  Some are full time producers, while others are
tapping trees to help supplement their income.  Maple is also a critical
conservation crop, which helps to keep our forests in production, conserves
important lands, protects water quality, and provides a valuable economic
benefit to rural communities. The maple industry has shown significant growth in
recent years.  U.S. production has nearly doubled in the last decade thanks to
recent innovations in vacuum tubing, sanitation practices, and better taps.  The
new Acer program will provide the opportunity for further investment and
research in this important crop can increase production, strengthen conservation
and help drive efficiency in maple sugaring.

We are pleased that these new technologies are helping the United States to
compete as global demand for maple syrup continues to rise.  Competition to meet
these markets is being hard fought between the U.S. and Canadian industries.
While Canada is supplying 80 percent of the worldwide maple syrup market,
increased production and efficiency in the U.S. is allowing domestic producers
to gain ground.  If provided appropriated funds, the Acer Access and Development
Program will greatly help these efforts and allow for further investment in
research, sustainability and increased production to allow U.S. producers to
further compete in the global marketplace.

We understand that in the current fiscal climate budgets are constrained, which
is why we are asking the Committee to fund this program at only one quarter of
its authorized amount.  We appreciate your consideration of this request and
look forward to working with you to support this important domestic agricultural
product.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 26, 2005 Monday

Federal government approves agriculture grants for projects in Oklahoma

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 221 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved $1.7 million in funding for
projects for Oklahoma.

Among the awards was a grant of nearly $500,000 to the Oklahoma-based National
Rural Water Association.

Ellis County will receive funding to install a new water system. The county will
obtain a grant of $479,225 and a loan of $183,000 to construct a distribution
system, which includes new underground water lines, a storage tank and two
wells.

A Community Facilities grant totaling $100,000 will go to the Pawnee Nation of
Oklahoma. The money will be used to rehabilitate two historic buildings and
establish an academy to provide higher education and trade training courses.

The Texas County Housing Authority in the Oklahoma panhandle will receive an
award of nearly $300,000 in a Mutual Self Help Housing Program grant. Under that
program, families work together under the direction of a contractor to build
their homes. The process enables families with limited incomes to move from
rental housing into homes of their own. Over the two-year life of the grant,
about 20 new homes will be constructed.

Six housing preservation grants totaling almost $200,000 will be used to
rehabilitate 31 single-family dwellings. Ten of the homes will be rehabilitated
by the Cherokee Nation.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           September 25, 2009 Friday

Bangladesh:Obama hunger plan revives food aid fight

LENGTH: 730  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Oct. 25 -- In the old debate on whether you should give a poor man a
basket of fish or a fishing pole, the United States wants to move to help
impoverished nations expand agriculture at home and ease dependence on handouts
from US farmers.But don't expect food aid to stop. The politically powerful
lobby of farmers, shippers and processors who profit from the shipments - as
well as the aid groups who distribute the food - are prepared to defend that use
of US-grown commodities overseas.Some experts say that the United States should
buy as much of its aid as possible from developing countries to support those
farmers while helping reduce hunger. But American interests involved in the food
aid chain say that argument ignores the benefit of food aid, including its
political support, which guarantees funding year in, year out."It is important
that US food aid is also used for development - that is, in ways that help
people help themselves," said Ellen Levinson, who represents a coalition of
nonprofits that run programs in developing countries.Through the 1980s, the
United States had strong funding for agricultural development.

But that support dwindled, replaced by an increase in food aid. "We've relied on
food aid to fill our gap in support for agriculture, and most importantly, to
reach the poorest people," Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said last week.
"We're seeking to close that gap between development and humanitarian assistance
by dedicating development resources to engage the poorest in the growth process
and to support community development," she told reporters, emphasizing that food
aid would continue to be deployed in emergencies. Clinton is leading the Obama
administration's three-year, $3.5 billion food security plan - part of a pledge
by the world's richest countries to spend more than $22 billion addressing the
root causes of hunger.If that funding means aid groups can get grants, rather
than commodities, to pay for projects, that may reduce political opposition to
an overhaul of food aid, said Christopher Barrett, an economist at Cornell
University. "Most NGOs would rather have the cash if it's being made available.
I think politically this is very doable," he said. On top of the food security
funding, the United States is slated to spend almost $1.7 billion in 2010 on the
main US food aid program. About $400 million of that will go to "nonemergency
food aid," of which a little less than 40 percent may be spent on buying and
shipping commodities which aid groups then resell. Critics charge that it takes
too long and costs too much to move US crops to places where food is
needed."Most hunger and malnutrition occurs in places where there's plenty of
food: It's just that some people don't have access to it," said Per
Pinstrup-Andersen, an economist who won the World Food Prize in 2001 for his
work on food policy. "I think that we should to the fullest extent possible give
money," Pinstrup-Andersen said.The harshest criticism is leveled at "monetized"
aid - food donated to aid groups which then sell it overseas to fund development
projects. Critics say those sales can displace locally grown products, hurting
struggling regional markets. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said last week
that the government wouldn't "rule out" monetized aid, but might seek to use
more locally grown commodities instead of US crops.Organizations that use food
aid say they agree with the administration's new focus on helping poor farmers
boost production, but hope leaders don't overlook the positive impact that food
aid and monetized aid can play.Shipping companies are working with the
government on ways to make food aid transportation more efficient, said Gloria
Tosi, who represents the maritime industry. "We have no reason ... to be
uncomfortable. Everything we see is there's a strong desire to keep a very
robust American food aid program," Tosi said.The strong political alliance of
farm groups, shippers and processors helps ensure a predictable flow of
resources for humanitarian groups that use food aid in their overseas work,
Guroff said - political support that could dry up if the United States turned to
cash instead of food aid. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right
Vision News. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

USDA offers $7 million in funding to prevent childhood obesity

LENGTH: 250 words

DATELINE: New York



 Van Buren: Institute of Food Technologists has issued the following news
release:



  U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that six universities have
been awarded nearly $4 million in funding by the U.S. Dept. of Agriculture
(USDA) to help fight obesity and improve the health of our nation's children. In
addition, Vilsack announced that the USDA is accepting applications for up to $7
million for additional projects. This funding is available through the
Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI), authorized by the 2014 Farm
Bill and administered by USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture
(NIFA).





 This round of funding is offered through the AFRI Childhood Obesity Prevention
Challenge Area, which supports research to reduce the prevalence of overweight
and obesity among children and adolescents aged 2-19. Since 2011, NIFA has
awarded more than $165.6 million to the AFRI Childhood Obesity Prevention
Challenge Area.



 Fiscal year 2015 awards include:



     University of Kentucky: $746,827

     University of New England: $797,995

     University of Maryland: $943,287

     University of Minnesota: $998,484

     University of Montana: $150,000

     University of Puerto Rico: $150,000



 Applicants for fiscal year 2016 childhood obesity prevention grant proposals
should focus on behavioral and environmental approaches to obesity prevention in
children.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 17, 2012

Efforts to restore funding for rural development in farm bill

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 313  words


Concerns are being raised on a number of fronts as the U.S. House Agriculture
Committee began deliberations on its version of the national Farm Bill. Chuck
Hassebrook, executive director of the Center for Rural Affairs, says he's
troubled by the bill's lack of funding for rural development.

"That's particularly for small-business development and beginning-farmer
programs. (They) either receive zero funding or take deep cuts, so we believe
it's just essential that this Farm Bill do a better job of investing in our
future."

Hassebrook says the House Farm Bill cuts in half the funding for the
beginning-farmer and rancher-development program, and it provides zero funding
for the rural micro-enterprise assistance program, which helps rural businesses
with 10 workers or less.

The cost of these rural-development programs, says Hassebrook, is just a
fraction of total Farm Bill spending, and he says there are simple ways to fund
them, such as cutting subsidies to the wealthiest farmers.

"There was an amendment passed in the Senate that simply reduced the
crop-insurance subsidies by 15 percent for people that make more than $750,000 a
year, and that alone would save several times what these rural-development and
beginning-farmer cuts save."

Hassebrook also notes that it's not just rural Minnesota that should be paying
close attention to the Farm Bill, because what's good for Todd or Big Stone
counties is also good for the Twin Cities. "Because if rural Minnesota prospers,
then they contribute to the entire state's prosperity. They pay more taxes. They
do more business. We operate as states out here. What happens to one part of the
state affects the other part of the state and so we all have a stake in a
healthy rural Minnesota."

The U.S. Senate passed its own substantially-different version of the Farm Bill
last month.

More information is at agriculture.house.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2012 The Ortonville Independent


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Awards $45 Million in Grants to Help
Agricultural Producers and Small Rural Businesses Develop New Products

LENGTH: 780  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $45 million to help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs
nationwide develop new product lines. USDA is investing in 325 projects through
the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.





 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities. Economic development initiatives like this one are working -
the unemployment rate in rural America is at an eight-year low and incomes rose
3.4 percent last year. Small business entrepreneurship, which Value-Added
Producer Grants support, is a major reason why rural America is a making a
comeback."



 VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or promote additional uses for established products. Veterans,
socially-disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of
small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher
cooperatives are given special priority.



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers announced the
grants on Vilsack's behalf during a visit to Leffel Roots, LLC in Eau Claire,
Wis. Leffel is receiving a $22,530 value-added grant to develop and market
bakery, cider and hard cider products. Another Wisconsin recipient, Bee Forest,
LLC, a logging and sawmill company in Nelson, is receiving a $250,000 grant to
market, process and ship shredded bark and saw dust.



 "Through the Value-Added Producer Grant program, USDA Rural Development invests
both in the quality of food and quality of life in rural areas," Rikkers said.
"Wisconsin businesses like Leffel Roots and Bee Forest are creating jobs and
growing local economies with their innovative ideas and entrepreneurial spirit."




 In Guinda, Calif., Riverdog Farm is receiving a $183,946 grant to increase the
processing of pork into bacon, sausage, ham and packaged pork cuts. These
products will expand the farm's operation at farmers markets and at its own farm
stand. Fifer Orchards Inc. in Camden Wyoming, Del., has been selected for a
$250,000 grant to expand marketing efforts to process, package and receive
apples for the family-owned orchard. Fifer sells its produce through its farm
and country store, at farmers markets, and wholesale to schools, restaurants and
grocery stores.



 USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The grants are a key
element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates
the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack has
identified local and regional food systems as a key component of rural economic
development.



 In 2014, Woodward Canyon Family Farm, LLC in Lowden, Wash., received a $200,000
VAPG grant to process wheat into flour. Rather than sell its wheat as a raw
product, the family farm processes it into flour that it sells to bakers,
restaurants and the public. Woodward Canyon has already exceeded forecasted
sales.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural communities
and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11 American jobs,
provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food we consume,
ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery store than
most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown renewable
energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; and invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects that
have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents. USDA also helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Awards $45 Million in Grants to Help
Agricultural Producers and Small Rural Businesses Develop New Products

LENGTH: 780  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $45 million to help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs
nationwide develop new product lines. USDA is investing in 325 projects through
the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.





 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities. Economic development initiatives like this one are working -
the unemployment rate in rural America is at an eight-year low and incomes rose
3.4 percent last year. Small business entrepreneurship, which Value-Added
Producer Grants support, is a major reason why rural America is a making a
comeback."



 VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or promote additional uses for established products. Veterans,
socially-disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of
small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher
cooperatives are given special priority.



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers announced the
grants on Vilsack's behalf during a visit to Leffel Roots, LLC in Eau Claire,
Wis. Leffel is receiving a $22,530 value-added grant to develop and market
bakery, cider and hard cider products. Another Wisconsin recipient, Bee Forest,
LLC, a logging and sawmill company in Nelson, is receiving a $250,000 grant to
market, process and ship shredded bark and saw dust.



 "Through the Value-Added Producer Grant program, USDA Rural Development invests
both in the quality of food and quality of life in rural areas," Rikkers said.
"Wisconsin businesses like Leffel Roots and Bee Forest are creating jobs and
growing local economies with their innovative ideas and entrepreneurial spirit."




 In Guinda, Calif., Riverdog Farm is receiving a $183,946 grant to increase the
processing of pork into bacon, sausage, ham and packaged pork cuts. These
products will expand the farm's operation at farmers markets and at its own farm
stand. Fifer Orchards Inc. in Camden Wyoming, Del., has been selected for a
$250,000 grant to expand marketing efforts to process, package and receive
apples for the family-owned orchard. Fifer sells its produce through its farm
and country store, at farmers markets, and wholesale to schools, restaurants and
grocery stores.



 USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The grants are a key
element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates
the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack has
identified local and regional food systems as a key component of rural economic
development.



 In 2014, Woodward Canyon Family Farm, LLC in Lowden, Wash., received a $200,000
VAPG grant to process wheat into flour. Rather than sell its wheat as a raw
product, the family farm processes it into flour that it sells to bakers,
restaurants and the public. Woodward Canyon has already exceeded forecasted
sales.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural communities
and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11 American jobs,
provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food we consume,
ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery store than
most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown renewable
energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; and invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects that
have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents. USDA also helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Awards $45 Million in Grants to Help
Agricultural Producers and Small Rural Businesses Develop New Products

LENGTH: 780 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $45 million to help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs
nationwide develop new product lines. USDA is investing in 325 projects through
the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.





 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities. Economic development initiatives like this one are working -
the unemployment rate in rural America is at an eight-year low and incomes rose
3.4 percent last year. Small business entrepreneurship, which Value-Added
Producer Grants support, is a major reason why rural America is a making a
comeback."



 VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or promote additional uses for established products. Veterans,
socially-disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of
small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher
cooperatives are given special priority.



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers announced the
grants on Vilsack's behalf during a visit to Leffel Roots, LLC in Eau Claire,
Wis. Leffel is receiving a $22,530 value-added grant to develop and market
bakery, cider and hard cider products. Another Wisconsin recipient, Bee Forest,
LLC, a logging and sawmill company in Nelson, is receiving a $250,000 grant to
market, process and ship shredded bark and saw dust.



 "Through the Value-Added Producer Grant program, USDA Rural Development invests
both in the quality of food and quality of life in rural areas," Rikkers said.
"Wisconsin businesses like Leffel Roots and Bee Forest are creating jobs and
growing local economies with their innovative ideas and entrepreneurial spirit."




 In Guinda, Calif., Riverdog Farm is receiving a $183,946 grant to increase the
processing of pork into bacon, sausage, ham and packaged pork cuts. These
products will expand the farm's operation at farmers markets and at its own farm
stand. Fifer Orchards Inc. in Camden Wyoming, Del., has been selected for a
$250,000 grant to expand marketing efforts to process, package and receive
apples for the family-owned orchard. Fifer sells its produce through its farm
and country store, at farmers markets, and wholesale to schools, restaurants and
grocery stores.



 USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The grants are a key
element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates
the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack has
identified local and regional food systems as a key component of rural economic
development.



 In 2014, Woodward Canyon Family Farm, LLC in Lowden, Wash., received a $200,000
VAPG grant to process wheat into flour. Rather than sell its wheat as a raw
product, the family farm processes it into flour that it sells to bakers,
restaurants and the public. Woodward Canyon has already exceeded forecasted
sales.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural communities
and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11 American jobs,
provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food we consume,
ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery store than
most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown renewable
energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; and invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects that
have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents. USDA also helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Awards $45 Million in Grants to Help
Agricultural Producers and Small Rural Businesses Develop New Products

LENGTH: 780 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $45 million to help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs
nationwide develop new product lines. USDA is investing in 325 projects through
the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.





 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities. Economic development initiatives like this one are working -
the unemployment rate in rural America is at an eight-year low and incomes rose
3.4 percent last year. Small business entrepreneurship, which Value-Added
Producer Grants support, is a major reason why rural America is a making a
comeback."



 VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or promote additional uses for established products. Veterans,
socially-disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of
small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher
cooperatives are given special priority.



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers announced the
grants on Vilsack's behalf during a visit to Leffel Roots, LLC in Eau Claire,
Wis. Leffel is receiving a $22,530 value-added grant to develop and market
bakery, cider and hard cider products. Another Wisconsin recipient, Bee Forest,
LLC, a logging and sawmill company in Nelson, is receiving a $250,000 grant to
market, process and ship shredded bark and saw dust.



 "Through the Value-Added Producer Grant program, USDA Rural Development invests
both in the quality of food and quality of life in rural areas," Rikkers said.
"Wisconsin businesses like Leffel Roots and Bee Forest are creating jobs and
growing local economies with their innovative ideas and entrepreneurial spirit."




 In Guinda, Calif., Riverdog Farm is receiving a $183,946 grant to increase the
processing of pork into bacon, sausage, ham and packaged pork cuts. These
products will expand the farm's operation at farmers markets and at its own farm
stand. Fifer Orchards Inc. in Camden Wyoming, Del., has been selected for a
$250,000 grant to expand marketing efforts to process, package and receive
apples for the family-owned orchard. Fifer sells its produce through its farm
and country store, at farmers markets, and wholesale to schools, restaurants and
grocery stores.



 USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The grants are a key
element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates
the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack has
identified local and regional food systems as a key component of rural economic
development.



 In 2014, Woodward Canyon Family Farm, LLC in Lowden, Wash., received a $200,000
VAPG grant to process wheat into flour. Rather than sell its wheat as a raw
product, the family farm processes it into flour that it sells to bakers,
restaurants and the public. Woodward Canyon has already exceeded forecasted
sales.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural communities
and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11 American jobs,
provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food we consume,
ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery store than
most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown renewable
energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; and invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects that
have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents. USDA also helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Herald & Review (Illinois)

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                           February 23, 2006 Thursday

Bodman visit pushes fuel plans

BYLINE: Amy Hoak, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 718 words


Feb. 23--DECATUR -- President Bush wants to offer up to $160 million for the
construction of three biorefineries that could show there's money to be made in
the business once construction costs are paid.

The announcement was made Wednesday by U.S. Energy Secretary Samuel W. Bodman,
who used Archer Daniels Midland Co.'s trading floor as a backdrop.

"Our aim is to assist industry in demonstrating a commercial biorefinery that
will operate profitably once construction is completed over the next three or
four years," Bodman said.

In his State of the Union speech last month, the president announced a desire
for development and use of nonfood biomass, including agricultural waste, trees,
forest residues and grasses, to produce fuel. He and members of his Cabinet have
been traveling the country to drum up support for this and other energy
proposals designed to decrease the country's dependence on oil.

"Our goal is to make this new kind of ethanol practical and competitive by the
year 2012," Bodman said. "This could, if we are successful, have enormous
implications."

The U.S. departments of Energy and Agriculture found that up to 1.3 billion dry
tons of biomass feedstock could be available in the United States, enough for
this "cellulosic ethanol" to help displace 30 percent of the current gasoline
use by 2030, he said.

The proposal puts a $100 million cap on the funding granted to a single
biorefinery operation, and each project requires a cost share of 60 percent from
industry and 40 percent from the government.

Also Wednesday, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns announced in Las Vegas a
proposed $188 million in loan guarantees and grants for renewable energy and
energy-efficiency projects.

G. Allen Andreas, ADM chairman and chief executive officer, said the company
would consider applying for funding, should it receive congressional approval.
ADM has been a pioneer in ethanol production, at the urging of the Oval Office
decades ago.

"It's been some 30 years since we got a call from the White House asking for the
agricultural industry, and for ADM in particular, to take a serious look at the
possibilities of building facilities to produce alternative sources of energy
for our fuel supply in the United States," Andreas said. "We're delighted to
participate in any way we can in the president's programs."

ADM already is working on plans to add 500 million gallons of capacity to its
traditional ethanol operations.

Decatur Mayor Paul Osborne said the proposal is interesting and encouraging for
the city's economy.

"The whole country is moving in that direction, and Decatur is basically
well-positioned, with ADM being here, to take advantage of that," he said. "You
look at everything that's happening, that there's going to be even more demand
for it (renewable fuels) in the future, and ADM is right in the thick of it."

Randy Prince, president of the Chamber of Commerce for Decatur and Macon County,
seconded the thought, adding that agricultural research could enhance long-term
growth for the area.

"What I'm really excited about is to see what we can do long term with these
energy studies that go on, because not only do we grow food, we grow energy. And
the two aren't mutually exclusive," Prince said.

Bush is requesting $2.1 billion to develop technologies and alternative sources
of energy to diversify the nation's energy mix. His $5.9 billion request for
funds to help the country stay competitive in the global marketplace makes room
for funding science education, as well as research and development.

Though public funding is a start, Bodman, a former venture capitalist, said he's
much more encouraged by the private sector's recent investments in bioenergy.

"When the private sector gets around to committing large amounts of capital --
and they're not doing it for reasons of being nice to the other guy, they think
they can make money -- that has always been the best incentive there is and the
best differentiator of where money ought to go."

Amy Hoak can be reached at ahoak@herald-review.com or 421-7972.

Copyright (c) 2006, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill. Distributed by Knight
Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on republishing this content,
contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213)
237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060223-HV-0223-Bodman-visit-pushes-fuel-plans

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HV


                         Copyright 2006 Herald & Review


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Quoddy Tides (Eastport, Maine)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 8, 2013

EMEC receives funds to upgrade system

BYLINE: The Quoddy Tides staff

LENGTH: 233  words


Eastern Maine Electric Cooperative Inc. (EMEC) has been selected by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Utilities Service to receive an electric
guaranteed loan in the amount of $5.9 million to build 71 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements in Maine's rural areas. The funding will
be used primarily in the Ludlow area to upgrade transmission lines from one
phase to three phase, which allows for greater voltage stability. EMEC also will
use the funding to replace the existing grid in the Baileyville area to allow it
to operate at a higher voltage, as part of the electric cooperative's ongoing
system improvements.

EMEC Chief Executive Officer Scott Hallowell says, "Our partnership with

USDA Rural Development is a valuable resource for supporting rural communities.
This loan will provide a source of funding which will support the continuing
efforts of the cooperative to make cost effective system improvements and
improve the quality of service for the members of the cooperative."

USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel says, "The USDA Rural
Development funding invested in Eastern Maine Electric Cooperative Inc. will
benefit rural homeowners, community facilities and businesses in Washington,
Penobscot and Aroostook counties by providing for expansion and enhancement of
reliable electric service so critical to rural areas like these in Maine."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QDY

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 The Quoddy Tides


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             August 29, 2004 Sunday

Feingold rips plan to limit use of cheese names; Senator says that the United
States must fight proposal from European Union

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b4

LENGTH: 691 words


What's in a name? Shakespeare's Juliet mused "that which we call a rose by any
other name would smell as sweet."

But when it comes to cheese, names are apparently everything in trade
negotiations.

U.S. Sen. Russ Feingold, D-Wis., is pressing the Bush administration to reject a
European Union proposal to the World Trade Organization that would prevent foods
produced outside certain regions in Europe from using certain geographical
names.

Feingold called on U.S. Trade Representative Robert Zoellick to fight the
proposal during world trade negotiations.

"Many of the cheeses included in the proposal - feta, Asiago, Gorgonzola,
Parmesan, and others - were brought to this country by European immigrants and
have been made in America for generations. These names have become generic terms
for commonly recognized foods and beverages," Feingold said in a letter to
Zoellick. "In most consumers' minds, the particular food or beverage is no
longer associated with a single geographic location, so preventing their use
would only create confusion."

Feingold points out that Wisconsin has many cheesemakers who produce products
under some of the names that the European Union is proposing to restrict.

"Increasing protections for geographic indications would create significant harm
for U.S. food producers, and Wisconsin's dairy industry in particular," he said.

Maybe we should prepare for the worst, though. If our cheesemakers can no longer
use the traditional names, they might want to compile a list of new names, just
in case.

I would suggest drawing on our own tri-state area, which has some fantastic
"geographical" names.

If we can no longer make Swiss cheese, why not call it, say, Pecatonica? Feta
could become Wapsipinicon and provolone, Sinsinawa. How about a little Massbach
on your pizza?

*

After an incredible run, it looks like dairy markets might settle down for the
remainder of the year.

In July, milk production in the United States increased for the first time since
November, up 0.7 percent. Up to then, declining production and improving demand
fueled record dairy prices this year.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture said prices likely will be less volatile
during the rest of the year. However, prices are expected to slip slowly as
market fundamentals ease, the department said.

Milk prices could be weaker next year, said Iowa State University Extension farm
management specialist Robert Tigner.

*

A couple of weeks ago, we noted that Iowa was left out of initial funding for a
national animal identification system.

Since then, Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, asked Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman to
fund Iowa's animal identification efforts.

The agriculture department funded 29 cooperative agreements with state and
tribal entities across the country but provided no funding to Iowa, the largest
hog producing state and eighth-largest cattle and calf producing state in the
nation.

"Iowa's livestock producers need this funding to develop an animal
identification system that is useful and does not unduly burden their
operations," Harkin said.

Last spring, the department announced the framework to implement a system and
stated that it might pay one-third of the $550 million cost over five years.

Now, the department is in the first of three phases for developing a national
animal identification system. In this phase, the department is entering into
agreements with states and tribal entities to register premises where livestock
are produced, conduct field trials to test various animal identification
technologies and collect animal movement data.

The department also will evaluate current federally funded animal identification
systems and determine which system or systems should be used for the national
animal identification system.

But not in Iowa.

"At this time, Iowa is left in the untenable position of being required to put
premise identification in place, yet USDA has provided no funding to do so,"
Harkin said.

Everly, a Telegraph Herald reporter, was farm director of Dubuque radio station
KDTH for nearly 10 years. His e-mail address is jeverly@wcinet.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: mug - Russ Feingold

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 1, 2014 Thursday

Upgrading infrastructure: USDA providing $2.9M funding package for Maynard

BYLINE: Tom Cherveny, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 350 words


May 01--MAYNARD -- The city of Maynard is moving forward with plans to upgrade
its wastewater treatment infrastructure and put its worries of backups and
flooding behind it, thanks to $2.9 million in funding being provided by the
United States Department of Agriculture, Rural Development.

Maynard City Council members approved action at their meeting on Tuesday for
engineers to begin developing the bid specifications for the project, according
to Mayor Richard Groothuis.

The city wants to call for bids so that work can get underway early next year.

The city had been seeking both state and USDA Rural Development funds to address
its infrastructure needs. The long delayed approval of the new Farm Bill made
possible the recently awarded USDA Rural Development funding, which will cover
the entire project.

The city is expecting a 60 percent grant, 40 percent low-interest loan package
from Rural Development for the project, according to John Meyer, consultant for
the city.

The city's infrastructure needs proved urgent during Easter weekend in 2013 when
a sanitary sewer line collapsed. The city took action to repair the line and
subsequently upgraded a lift station.

The city will be upgrading its entire wastewater collection system, as well as
making improvements to the wastewater treatment plant.

The city also has a $760,000 flood mitigation grant from the state of Minnesota.
It will allow the city to build earthen berms to protect the wastewater
treatment plant from flooding.

The city is working with the USDA to make the overall project as affordable as
possible to residents in the community of 366. Groothuis noted that the
community has a significant number of senior citizens on fixed incomes.

The investment in infrastructure is needed to protect existing homes and
businesses, and important for the community's future, Groothuis said. It assures
that the city has the infrastructure in place for future residential or
commercial growth.

___ (c)2014 West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minn.) Visit West Central Tribune
(Willmar, Minn.) at www.wctrib.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140501-YM-Upgrading-infrastructure-USDA-providing-2.9M-funding
-package-for-Maynard-0501-20140501

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2014 West Central Tribune


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

Washington: Pocan Named to Labor, Health and Human Services and Education &
Agriculture House Appropriations Subcommittees

LENGTH: 237  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Mark Pocan has issued the following news release:



 U.S. Rep. Mark Pocan (WI-02) today was named to the House Appropriations
Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services and Education, and the
Subcommittee on Agriculture.





 Rep. Pocan will have jurisdiction over discretionary funding for the Department
of Labor, Department of Health and Human Services, and the Department of
Education. In addition, he will oversee all spending on major agriculture
programs under the United States Department of Agriculture which provide support
to family farms and rural development including broadband, rural utility
service, and rural housing.



 "In these new roles on the Appropriations Committee, I will continue to fight
for higher wages for workers and better public education," said Rep. Pocan.
"These subcommittees will also allow me to have a renewed focus on investing in
rural communities and ensure Wisconsin family farms receive the support they
need."



 The Appropriations Committee is responsible for setting specific expenditures
of over a trillion dollars of discretionary spending for the federal government
on annual basis. There are 12 subcommittees under the House Appropriations
Committee which has jurisdiction over almost all discretionary funding programs.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

Washington: Pocan Named to Labor, Health and Human Services and Education &
Agriculture House Appropriations Subcommittees

LENGTH: 237  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Mark Pocan has issued the following news release:



 U.S. Rep. Mark Pocan (WI-02) today was named to the House Appropriations
Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services and Education, and the
Subcommittee on Agriculture.





 Rep. Pocan will have jurisdiction over discretionary funding for the Department
of Labor, Department of Health and Human Services, and the Department of
Education. In addition, he will oversee all spending on major agriculture
programs under the United States Department of Agriculture which provide support
to family farms and rural development including broadband, rural utility
service, and rural housing.



 "In these new roles on the Appropriations Committee, I will continue to fight
for higher wages for workers and better public education," said Rep. Pocan.
"These subcommittees will also allow me to have a renewed focus on investing in
rural communities and ensure Wisconsin family farms receive the support they
need."



 The Appropriations Committee is responsible for setting specific expenditures
of over a trillion dollars of discretionary spending for the federal government
on annual basis. There are 12 subcommittees under the House Appropriations
Committee which has jurisdiction over almost all discretionary funding programs.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

Biotechnology Risk Assessment Research Grants Program (BRAG)

LENGTH: 410  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Government has issued the following grant:
 Document Type:    Grants Notice

 Funding Opportunity Number:    USDA-NIFA-BRAP-006174

 Funding Opportunity Title:    Biotechnology Risk Assessment Research Grants
Program (BRAG)



 Opportunity Category:    Discretionary

 Opportunity Category Explanation:

 Funding Instrument Type:    Grant

 Category of Funding Activity:    Agriculture

 Category Explanation:

 Expected Number of Awards:

 CFDA Number(s):    10.219 -- Biotechnology Risk Assessment Research

 Cost Sharing or Matching Requirement:    Yes



 Version:    Synopsis 2

 Posted Date:    Dec 12, 2016

 Last Updated Date:    Dec 12, 2016

 Original Closing Date for Applications:    Mar 30, 2017

 Current Closing Date for Applications:    Mar 30, 2017  Letter of Intent (LOI)
should be received by 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time on January 26, 2017.

 Archive Date:    Apr 29, 2017

 Estimated Total Program Funding:    $4,000,000

 Award Ceiling:

 Award Floor:

 Eligibility

 Eligible Applicants:    Others (see text field entitled "Additional Information
on Eligibility" for clarification)

 Additional Information on Eligibility:    Applications may only be submitted by
United States public or private research or educational institution or
organization.

 Additional Information

 Agency Name:    National Institute of Food and Agriculture

 Description:    The purpose of the BRAG program is to support the generation of
new information that will assist Federal regulatory agencies in making science
based decisions about the effects of introducing into the environment
genetically engineered organisms (GE), including plants, microorganisms
(including fungi, bacteria, and viruses), arthropods, fish, birds, mammals and
other animals excluding humans. Investigations of effects on both managed and
natural environments are relevant. The BRAG program accomplishes its purpose by
providing Federal regulatory agencies with scientific information relevant to
regulatory issues. See Request for Application (RFA) for details.

 Link to Additional Information:    Biotechnology Risk Assessment Research
Grants Program (BRAG)

 Grantor Contact Information:    If you have difficulty accessing the full
announcement electronically, please contact:



 NIFA Help Desk Phone: 202-401-5048 Business hours are M-F, 7:00 am -5:00 pm ET,
excluding Federal holidays
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Arizona Range News (Wilcox, Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 28, 2015

$18 million available for training beginning farmers and ranchers

BYLINE: Arizona Range News staff

LENGTH: 303  words


The US Department of Agriculture announced more than $18 million in funding
available to support training, mentoring, and development of beginning farmers
and ranchers through the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program.

We helped create and advocate for this program in the 2002 Farm Bill. It was
finally funded in the 2008 Farm Bill.

The need was clear then and remains so today. A number of beginning farmers and
ranchers don't have direct roots to agriculture. While they yearn for the
honest, hard work you find in farming or ranching, they need help learning the
ropes.

The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program awards grants to
organizations implementing programs to train beginning farmers and ranchers.
Funding includes support for workshops, farmer-to-farmer mentoring, and
technical assistance.

Since the program was first funded and put on the ground in 2009, 145 awards
have been made. That's more than $71 million dedicated to giving the next
generation of farmers and ranchers the know-how to succeed.

A focus on projects for veteran beginning farmers and ranchers has been added
this time. It joins previous set-asides for socially-disadvantaged,
limited-resource, or farmworkers who want a start in agriculture.

Organizations experienced in serving beginning farmers and ranchers must submit
their applications by March 13, 2015. If you are a beginning farmer or rancher
looking to find training and mentoring opportunities, call us at 402-687-2100 or
send an email to tracib@cfra.org We'll point you in the right direction.

Established in 1973, the Center for Rural Affairs is a private, non-profit
organization working to strengthen small businesses, family farms and ranches,
and rural communities through action oriented programs addressing social,
economic, and environmental issues.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AZR

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Arizona Range News


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                      May 3, 1990, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Wheat Board's price drop reinforces farmers' gloom

BYLINE: Peter Morton

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 276 words

DATELINE: Ottawa,Ont.


Canadian farmers got another round of bad news yesterday when the Canadian Wheat
Board said it will be paying 12% less for wheat this year.

The board will pay $3.67 a bushel for its top grade wheat, compared with the
$4.22 it initially paid last year. The 1989 price was later adjusted to $4.49 a
bushel.

The reduced wheat prices follow an announcement by the Farm Credit Corp. earlier
this week that it was raising its lending rate to 14.78%.

''These are tremendous blows to farmers,'' Liberal agriculture critic Maurice
Foster said.

Agriculture Minister Don Mazankowksi said there was little the government could
do about wheat prices because of the continuing grain war between the U.S. and
Europe.

''Many of the problems that were with us a year ago are still with us today,''
he told the Commons Agriculture Committee.

Although Mazankowski said he was still negotiating with the three Western
provinces, there are few signs that the deadlock over the $1-billion joint farm
aid package will soon end.

Saskatchewan, Alberta and Manitoba have so far refused to match their share of a
$500-million income-support package outlined by Mazankowski in March.

Mazankowski said he was still hopeful that if the money could not be sent out,
the promise of a federal cheque would be enough to satisfy farm creditors to
allow farmers to borrow for spring seeding.

But the 70,000-member United Grain Growers said it is already too late for
farmers to get help before spring seeding starts.

Mazankowski insisted the federal government has done its share to help farmers
and it is time for the provinces to help out.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Grameen Foundation wins funding to address needs of local farmers

LENGTH: 501  words


GRAMEEN Foundation USA has won a $1-million funding meant to address the
problems of coconut and cocoa farmers in the Philippines.

The Global Resilience Partnership-convened by The Rockefeller Foundation, United
States Agency for International Development, and Swedish International
Development Cooperation Agency (Sida)-named Grameen particularly for a project
that intends to promote disaster resilience among coconut and cocoa farmers in
the Philippines.

Grameen is one of eight teams that will receive $1 million each in funding for
projects that will help enable vulnerable populations become resilient in the
face of life-disrupting phenomena such as natural disasters.

'Global Resilience Challenge'

The Washington D.C.-based nonprofit organization competed against almost 500
other aspirants in the multistage Global Resilience Challenge. The prize money
will be used for implementing solutions that can be scaled and adopted by others
in the future.

Coconut farmers are among the poorest in the agriculture sector in the
Philippines, and with recent hard-hitting typhoons, their challenges keep
increasing and livelihoods are being destroyed, Grameen Foundation country
director for the Philippines Gigi Gatti said in a statement.

Gatti noted that 32 percent of Filipinos are directly employed in agriculture,
particularly in rural areas.

Helping farmers

Grameen Foundation and its team will help farmers to improve productivity,
access financial services, expand access to markets, and use early warning
systems to reduce crop losses, she said.

Working with government, agribusiness and financial services partners, the team
will leverage mobile technology to provide coconut farmers with real-time data
and services to help strengthen their businesses and mitigate losses to their
families due to extreme weather, she added.

For its project, Grameen Foundation is partnering with Nutiva, the Philippine
Coconut Authority, Franklin Baker, Planet Labs, Stichting Progreso and Filipino
microfinance institutions, food corporations, as well as agronomists.

According to Judith Rodin, president of The Rockefeller Foundation, the eight
winners of the Global Resilience Challenge show how we can create multiple wins
for individuals and communities when problems are clearly understood and when
solutions respond not only [to] today's realities, but build [on] flexibility to
manage tomorrow's unknowns.

The other seven winning teams are implementing projects for vulnerable
communities in Bangladesh, India, Kenya, Mali, Nepal, Niger and Uganda.

Interconnected challenges

These teams are looking at interconnected challenges-from water conservation to
food security to climate change-and identifying holistic solutions that bring
societies together to prepare for and overcome disruptions, Sida director
general Charlotte Petri Gornitzka said.

By combining multiple sector resources and expertise with local knowledge and
engagement, the ideas directly address the challenges and realities people are
facing, she said.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 20, 2015 Friday

Washington: Senators Collins, King Announce U.S. Department of Agriculture
Funding to Support Low-Income Housing

LENGTH: 283 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Susan Collins has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Susan Collins, Chairman of the Transportation, Housing and Urban
Development Appropriations Subcommittee, and Angus King announced today that the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has awarded two Housing
Preservation Grants to Penquis Community Action Program Inc. (Penquis CAP) and
Western Maine Community Action (WMCA) to support housing rehabilitation projects
in Franklin, Penobscot, Piscataquis, Knox, and Waldo Counties.





       &ldquo;This important investment will help low-income families across
Maine maintain good, safe homes,&rdquo; the Senators said in a joint statement.
&ldquo;Maine&rsquo;s bitterly cold winters present serious challenges for our
state&rsquo;s most vulnerable families, and this funding will help dozens of
Mainers prepare their homes for the coming months.&rdquo;



       USDA&rsquo;s Housing Preservation Grant program provides grants to
sponsoring organizations for the repair or rehabilitation of housing occupied by
low and very low-income individuals. The rural development funds provided
through this program will be combined with funding from other Maine-based
organizations to provide assistance to those in need.



 The funding totals are as follows:



 WMCA:          USDA Grant: $25,000

                         Funding from other organizations: $67,000

                         Total: $92,000



 Penquis CAP:   USDA Grant: $25,000

                         Funding from other organizations: $230,800

                         Total: $255,800



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Sauk Centre Herald (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 17, 2013

Agriculture committee issue draws concern from Republicans

BYLINE: Sauk Centre Herald staff

LENGTH: 654  words


The first week of the 2013 Minnesota legislative session brought some spotlight
on how to resolve the $1 to $2 billion state deficit, but the issue of
agriculture dominated many discussions as well.

When the new committees and respective chairs were announced by the House DFL
Party, the former Agriculture Finance committee was rolled into the Environment
and Natural Resources committee.

This drew a sharp response from Republicans, most notably former House Ag
Finance chair Rod Hamilton (R-Mountain Lake) who touts himself as a pork
producer in southwest Minnesota.

Hamilton blasted DFLers in letters to the editor published in numerous outstate
newspapers, complaining that the new committee including agriculture finance is
chaired by Rep. Jeanne Wagenius (DFL-Minneapolis).

Paul Anderson, District 12B Republican from rural Pope County, pointed out that
the Speaker of the House is the ultimate decision-maker in situations such as
who chairs committees and how they are structured.

"I don't believe Representative Wagenius had any influence in this decision, and
I hope it does not diminish the importance or spotlight we can put on
agriculture issues," Anderson stated.

Anderson believes that while the DFL most likely did not intend to purposely
infringe on the importance of agriculture, the perception by many in his caucus
is that agriculture is being diminished.

"With so many issues down here, perception means a lot, Anderson added.

Ron Kresha, District 9B Republican from Little Falls whose area includes
southern Todd County, serves on the Agriculture Policy, Early Childhood and
Youth Development Policy, Education Policy and State Government Finance and
Veterans Affairs committees.

"I simply don't understand this committee restructure for agriculture," Kresha
noted. "The DFL is presenting the move as simply procedural, which in my opinion
speaks to how quickly they're willing to dismiss the importance of agriculture."

Kresha's desire is that the work legislators do in St. Paul makes things simpler
and not more difficult to understand.

"I don't see how this move helps bring more efficient decisions about
agriculture," Kresha added. "It seems like adding an unnecessary layer."

Representative Andrew Falk (DFL-Murdock) is the vice-chair of the House
Agriculture, Environmet and Natural Resources commttee, He has been an active
farmer his whole life, and has served in the legislature since 2008.

"I really believe that Rep. Hamilton is trying to make hay with this simply
because he's upset about no longer being chair of the Ag Finance committee,"
Falk stated.

Falk stressed two important points on the matter.

"First, Dennis Osment, who retired in 2008, was chair of the former House Ag,
Environment and Natural Resources committee in the 2005 and 2006 sessions. While
I haven't served with him, I've since gotten to know him and think highly of
him," Falk said. "This structure was not an issue while Republicans were in
charge. This seems like petty partisanship to me.

From 2007 to 2010, agriculture finance was a part of the House Agriculture and
Veterans Affairs Finance committee. Rep. Al Juhnke (DFL-Willmar) chaired that
committee before he lost reelection in 2010.

"My point is that throughout the years, agriculture has been included with other
committee focuses," Falk said. "I know Rep. Wagenius. She has a farm in Douglas
County with 50 acres. Between the work of her and myself as vice-chair, we won't
let agriculture be diminished."

When asked about Hamilton's concern about agriculture funding, Falk replied, "If
he knows of specific bills being introduced that take funding away from ag and
put it to other areas, I'd like to know about them. In terms of something like
the expiring ethanol producer payments, I'd like to focus on gearing that
funding towards next-generation renewable energy. I don't want us to get into
these rural vs. metro fights, especially in the opening week of the session."

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SAU

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Sauk Centre Herald


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 25, 2014 Saturday

Sens. Collins, King Announce more than $6 Million in Federal Funding to Improve
Rural Water Systems in Maine

LENGTH: 289  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Angus King, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King today announced more than $6 million
in federal grant and loan funding from the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) to improve rural water systems in Maine. The investments
announced today are provided through USDA's Rural Utilities Service Water and
Environmental Program, which assists rural communities with water and wastewater
infrastructure.

"We are pleased that USDA is making this significant investment in Maine's rural
water infrastructure," Senators Collins and King said.  "By making clean water
more accessible, this funding will improve public health, create jobs, and
attract new businesses."

Below is a list of funding recipients:

Eagle Lake Water and Sewer District will receive $300,000 in loans and $230,000
in grants
    City of Gardiner will receive $188,000 in loans and $77,000 in grants
    Town of Hartland will receive $1,200,000 in loans and $3,600,000 in grants
    Indian Township Passamaquoddy Reservation will receive $249,400 in grants
    Town of Bingham will receive $118,000 in loans and $177,000 in grants

"These investments are critical for our health and safety, and in the long term
for sustainable economic development," USDA Secretary Vilsack said. "Investments
like these in the nation's water infrastructure also are critical to address the
impact of climate change on our water supplies. The projects supported with
these resources will ensure rural families have access to clean water and create
jobs in communities across the country."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                       January 6, 2013 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Agriculture Energy: Farm Bill Extension Without Energy Title Funding Is a Job
Killer, Ag Energy Coalition Says

LENGTH: 315  words


New Delhi, Jan. 6 -- The Agriculture Energy Coalition today expressed deep
disappointment that the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 excludes funding
for energy title programs from the extension of the already expired Farm Bill.



"We are deeply disappointed that Congress ignored the bipartisan bill drafted by
House and Senate Ag Committee leaders," said Lloyd Ritter, Ag Energy Coalition
co-director. "By eliminating mandatory funding for energy title programs, the
agreement cuts short vitally important job creation and economic growth in rural
America."

Legislation passed by the U.S. Senate earlier this year to extend the Farm Bill
for five years set mandatory funding levels each year for renewable energy and
energy efficiency programs. A five-year Farm Bill passed by the House
Agriculture Committee earlier this year provided discretionary funding for these
programs. And draft legislation for a one-year extension of the current Farm
Bill agreed to by the House and Senate Agriculture Committee leaders and
released last week set mandatory funding levels for these programs in 2013.

Renewable energy projects have already created new permanent jobs in rural
America and can continue to create many more much-needed opportunities. Farm
Bill Energy Programs, such as the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP),
Biomass Crop Assistance Program (BCAP), Biorefinery Assistance Program (BAP) and
Biobased Markets Program (Biopreferred) have helped to revitalize rural America,
develop new agricultural markets, and reduce the need for direct payments to
farmers. These programs have unlocked private capital for construction of the
nation's first cellulosic and advanced biofuel biorefineries; put more than
150,000 acres of underutilized farmland in more than 150 counties into
production raising next generation energy crops; and driven innovation in the
renewable chemicals sector.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Washington: Congressman Moolenaar Welcomes Nutrition Funding for Flint School

LENGTH: 172  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP John Moolenaar has issued the following news
release:



 Today, the Food and Nutrition Service at the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) announced that it has approved the Michigan Department of Education's
request for additional funding so that more fresh fruits and vegetables can be
purchased by Flint schools.





 An additional $158,750 in funding has been approved for Flint Schools.



 Congressman John Moolenaar (R-Midland) is a member of the U.S. House
Agriculture Committee and met with USDA officials earlier this year about
nutrition issues in Flint. He released the following statement:



 "I welcome the Agriculture Department's decision to approve additional funding
for Flint schools. The funds will put more fresh fruits and vegetables on the
plates of Flint's schoolchildren and help alleviate the effects of lead
exposure. This is a step forward for Flint and its future."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

Washington: U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$157,785 in federal funding for Marc Jaffe, owner of Snowdance Farm in Sullivan
County and Yiddish Farm Education Center Inc. in Orange County. The funding was
allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Value-Added
Producer Grant (VAPG) Program. This funding was created to promote growth for
small, independent producers, by allowing them to generate new products, create
and expand marketing opport

LENGTH: 556 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $192,000
in federal funding for Trinity Valley LLC Cortland County. The funding was
allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Value-Added
Producer Grant (VAPG) Program. This funding was created to promote growth for
small, independent producers, by allowing them to generate new products, create
and expand marketing opportunities, and increase producer income overall.
Specifically, Trinity Valley LLC will expand the customer base for their line of
fluid milk and milk products produced and processed at the family dairy.





 &ldquo;Ensuring that agriculture is able to flourish - and the unique needs of
New York agriculture are considered in federal programs - has always been a top
priority of mine,&rdquo; said Senator Schumer. &ldquo;This direct USDA
assistance will allow Trinity Valley LLC in Cortland County to generate
increased economic revenue by expanding their customer base and marketing their
dairy products. Helping our local farms grow their business will be a win-win
for our agriculture industry, Cortland County consumers, and the entire regional
economy.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;We need our farmers to thrive if we're going to have a strong and
growing economy in New York,&rdquo; said Senator Gillibrand, first New York
Senator to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years.
&ldquo;These federal funds through the USDA are an investment in Central New
York's agricultural industry that will help producers earn more from their crops
by expanding processing and marketing opportunities which will continue to drive
economic growth in the region and across the state.&rdquo;





 &ldquo;The grant that we received is going to be used to help give our business
a boost in production,&rdquo; said Branden Brown, Trinity Valley LLC Processing
Plant Superintendent. &ldquo;As with all small businesses buying supplies and
material to make our products can be very taxing. To buy right and keep costs
down we need to buy in big quantities. Well $10,000 for a load of jugs is not
that easy to come by. The money will also be spent on paying for workers to help
take some of the work load off of our family's shoulders. Seeing we are a fairly
new business marketing and advertising is not on the top of the list, so with
the grant money it will help pay for some of that as well.&rdquo;



 The USDA Value Added Producer Grants program helps agricultural producers to
process their crops into more profitable forms and market their goods to the
general public. Grants are awarded through a national competition each fiscal
year; designed to boost income and productivity by increasing access to capital,
providing technical assistance and developing new marketing strategies for
independent producers to increase exposure and broaden their customer base. This
year, the USDA will allocate $30 million to farms and agricultural producers
nationwide. In turn, these companies will hire additional workers and sell their
products, which will help generate local economic growth and bring new jobs to
their respective regions.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            February 26, 2016 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Grant funding to expand agriculture

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 423 words


LAS CRUCES - The New Mexico Department of Agriculture is inviting New Mexicans
involved in agricultural production to apply for funding through one of two
grant programs.

Both programs aim to develop new markets and/or expand existing ones for
agricultural products grown in New Mexico, but the programs differ in their
respective details.

The first is called the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (Specialty Crops),
which is funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. NMDA serves as the fiscal
agent for New Mexico's share of the federal funding.

"Chile, onions, pecans, honey, greenhouse/nursery crops, lavender - they're all
examples of specialty crops, which means marketing and promotion projects built
around them could be considered for this federal funding," said Felicia Frost,
the NMDA marketing specialist who administers New Mexico's share of the federal
funds.

USDA's definition and list of eligible specialty crops is at 1.usa.gov/18wggxV.

The deadline to apply for funding through the Specialty Crops program is 5 p.m.
MST April 20. Funding is expected to become available on October 1. Under
Specialty Crops, project length varies from one to three years.

The second program is called New Mexico Agricultural Development and Promotion
Funds Program (ADPFP). Unlike the Specialty Crops program, ADPFP places no
restrictions on the type of agricultural commodity that can benefit. The
deadline to apply for funding through the ADPFP is 5 p.m. MST April 29.

Funding is expected to become available July 1. Under ADPFP, project length
cannot exceed one year.

For both grant programs, Frost said projects are given greater consideration
when they have what it takes to succeed beyond the life of the grant - in other
words, if they make good business sense in the long term.

Both programs prohibit the use of grant funds to buy land, buildings, equipment,
or any other type of capital improvement. Also under both programs, funds are
paid on a reimbursement basis - meaning they're released only after the grantee
has submitted a progress report, as well as an invoice and corresponding
receipts.

The same project cannot be funded through both programs.

Frost and other NMDA staff are hosting two free workshops for potential
applicants to understand the two grant programs and how to apply for them:

· Santa Fe: March 18 from 1 to 3 p.m., Hotel Santa Fe (meeting room TBD), 1501
Paseo de Peralta

· Las Cruces: March 22 from 1 to 3 p.m., NMDA (Main Conference Room), 3190 South
Espina Street

Information: www.nmda.nmsu.edu or 575-646-4929.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2016 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            November 1, 2011 Tuesday

United States: Water Sustainability and Climate Project

LENGTH: 504  words


Funding Opportunity Number:  11-551
Opportunity Category:  Discretionary
Posted Date:  Jun 17, 2011
Creation Date:  Jun 17, 2011
Category of Funding Activity:  Science and Technology and other Research and
Development
One of the most urgent challenges facing the world today is ensuring an adequate
supply and quality of water in light of both burgeoning human needs and climate
variability and change.

Despite water%s importance to life on Earth, there are major gaps in our basic
understanding of water availability, quality and dynamics, and the impact of
both a changing and variable climate, and human activity, on the water system.
The goal of the Water Sustainability and Climate (WSC) solicitation is to
understand and predict the interactions between the water system and climate
change, land use (including agriculture, managed forest and rangeland systems),
the built environment, and ecosystem function and services through place-based
research and integrative models. Studies of the water system using models and/or
observations at specific sites singly or in combination that allow for spatial
and temporal extrapolation to other regions, as well as integration across the
different processes in that system are encouraged, especially to the extent that
they advance the development of theoretical frameworks and predictive
understanding. Specific topics of interest include:* Developing theoretical
frameworks and models that incorporate the linkages and feedbacks among
atmospheric, terrestrial, aquatic, oceanic, and social processes that can be
used to predict the potential impact of (1) climate variability and change, (2)
land use and (3) human activity on water systems on decadal to centennial scales
in order to provide a basis for adaptive management of water resources.*
Determining the inputs, outputs, and potential changes in water budgets and
water quality in response to (1) climate variability and change, (2) land use
and (3) human activity, and the effect of these changes on Biogeochemical
cycles, water quality, long-term chemical transport and transformation,
terrestrial, aquatic and coastal ecosystems, landscape evolution and human
settlements and behavior.* Determining how our built water systems and our
governance systems can be made more reliable, resilient and sustainable to meet
diverse and often conflicting needs, such as minimizing consumption of water for
energy generation, industrial and agricultural/forest rangeland production and
built environment requirements, reuse for both potable and non-potable needs,
ecosystem protection, and flood control and storm water management.This activity
enables interagency cooperation on one of the most pressing problems of the
millennium--water sustainability --how it is likely to affect our world, and how
we can proactively plan for its consequences. It allows the partner
agencies--National Science Foundation (NSF) and the United States Department of
Agriculture National Institute of Food and

country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 9, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: State Receives $5 Million to Combat Agricultural Pests and Diseases

LENGTH: 223  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


National Association of State Departments of Agriculture, The State of Utah has
issued the following news release:

The Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services today announced the
state will receive $5.4 million in federal funding through the federal Farm Bill
to help eradicate pests and control diseases that affect the state's $108
billion agriculture industry.

"Pests and diseases are significant threats to Florida agriculture," said
Florida Commissioner of Agriculture Adam H. Putnam. "By working to prevent the
entry and spread of these threats, we can help ensure Florida's famed
agriculture industry can continue for generations."

The spending plan for the pest and disease control section of the Farm Bill was
released this week by the USDA's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service
(APHIS). The purpose of the APHIS funding is to prevent the introduction and
spread of plant pests and diseases that threaten the U.S. agriculture and
environment. This funding will strengthen pest surveillance, detection and
identification and help mitigate these threats.

The state programs that will be funded include:

o Giant African Land Snail mitigation
o Detector dog inspections
o Research and development for citrus health, including citrus canker and citrus
greening

For further information please visit: http://www.nasda.org/

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                             March 20, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

EXCLUSIVE;
Fears deadly honey bee parasite could wipe out nation's hives

BYLINE: Rosslyn Beeby; Science and Environment Reporter

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 535  words


The Federal Government will conduct an urgent inquiry into the future of
Australia's beekeeping industry, following claims a deadly honey bee parasite
could wipe out hives, causing annual crop losses exceeding $2billion.

A report tabled earlier this month by a House of Representatives committee found
11,000 rural jobs could be lost unless steps were taken to protect the nation's
bees from the invasive varroa mite. Australia is currently the only major
beekeeping country free of the Asian mite which has already caused crop losses
of $US15billion ($A18.8 billion) across the United States.

More than 60 per cent of Australia's crops including cherries, apples, melons,
macadamias and canola depend on pollination by honey bees. The House of
Representatives committee, chaired by Goulburn-based NSW Liberal MP Alby
Schultz, also found an ageing beekeeping population combined with low levels of
education and training facilities was threatening the viability of the industry.

A spokeswoman for Mr Schultz confirmed yesterday that federal Agriculture
Minister Peter McGauran had formally approved an inquiry into the beekeeping
industry last week.

Members of the House of Representatives Agriculture, Fisheries and Forestry
committee will meet tomorrow to discuss terms of reference.

Honey bee research is funded by a statutory levy on honey sales at 0.8c a
kilogram, with the industry levy currently amounting to about $200,000 annually.
The levy is matched by federal funding on a dollar-for-dollar basis.

The House of Representatives report noted that if honey sales dropped "due to
externalities such as bush fires or drought, then the amount of available funds
for research decreases" and research funding was generally regarded as
disproportionate to the value of the industry to crop pollination. Former CSIRO
entomology chief, Dr Max Whitten, said we needed to develop an Australian honey
bee and pollination research and training network modelled along similar lines
to a Cooperative Research Centre. He estimated "the Government would need to
contribute between $2million and $3 million" to set up a co-ordinated research
effort.

Dr Whitten said a federal inquiry into the industry was an opportunity that
would help establish a need for research that "goes beyond coping with the
threat of diseases like varroa to wider questions of nectar availability and
pollination efficiency".

Research was urgently needed to establish the impact of foraging honey bees on
biodiversity in national parks to "help shape sensible policy." Declining access
to public lands, particularly as more state forests were reclassified as
national parks, was a major long term threat to the industry, Dr Whitten said.
Bee hives were banned from national parks in many states, creating a diminishing
supply of nectar.

"This declining access would eventually impact on agricultural production and
the wider economic consequences would be 'huge should commercial beekeeping
collapse".

Dr Whitten said the biggest research opportunities, with the greatest potential
economic impacts, were likely to come from more efficient crop pollination,
possibly using "smart pollination" to get maximum effect from the smallest
number of beehives.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2007 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                             March 20, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

EXCLUSIVE;
Fears deadly honey bee parasite could wipe out nation's hives

BYLINE: Rosslyn Beeby; Science and Environment Reporter

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 535  words


The Federal Government will conduct an urgent inquiry into the future of
Australia's beekeeping industry, following claims a deadly honey bee parasite
could wipe out hives, causing annual crop losses exceeding $2billion.

A report tabled earlier this month by a House of Representatives committee found
11,000 rural jobs could be lost unless steps were taken to protect the nation's
bees from the invasive varroa mite. Australia is currently the only major
beekeeping country free of the Asian mite which has already caused crop losses
of $US15billion ($A18.8 billion) across the United States.

More than 60 per cent of Australia's crops including cherries, apples, melons,
macadamias and canola depend on pollination by honey bees. The House of
Representatives committee, chaired by Goulburn-based NSW Liberal MP Alby
Schultz, also found an ageing beekeeping population combined with low levels of
education and training facilities was threatening the viability of the industry.

A spokeswoman for Mr Schultz confirmed yesterday that federal Agriculture
Minister Peter McGauran had formally approved an inquiry into the beekeeping
industry last week.

Members of the House of Representatives Agriculture, Fisheries and Forestry
committee will meet tomorrow to discuss terms of reference.

Honey bee research is funded by a statutory levy on honey sales at 0.8c a
kilogram, with the industry levy currently amounting to about $200,000 annually.
The levy is matched by federal funding on a dollar-for-dollar basis.

The House of Representatives report noted that if honey sales dropped "due to
externalities such as bush fires or drought, then the amount of available funds
for research decreases" and research funding was generally regarded as
disproportionate to the value of the industry to crop pollination. Former CSIRO
entomology chief, Dr Max Whitten, said we needed to develop an Australian honey
bee and pollination research and training network modelled along similar lines
to a Cooperative Research Centre. He estimated "the Government would need to
contribute between $2million and $3 million" to set up a co-ordinated research
effort.

Dr Whitten said a federal inquiry into the industry was an opportunity that
would help establish a need for research that "goes beyond coping with the
threat of diseases like varroa to wider questions of nectar availability and
pollination efficiency".

Research was urgently needed to establish the impact of foraging honey bees on
biodiversity in national parks to "help shape sensible policy." Declining access
to public lands, particularly as more state forests were reclassified as
national parks, was a major long term threat to the industry, Dr Whitten said.
Bee hives were banned from national parks in many states, creating a diminishing
supply of nectar.

"This declining access would eventually impact on agricultural production and
the wider economic consequences would be 'huge should commercial beekeeping
collapse".

Dr Whitten said the biggest research opportunities, with the greatest potential
economic impacts, were likely to come from more efficient crop pollination,
possibly using "smart pollination" to get maximum effect from the smallest
number of beehives.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Announces Grants to Help Veterans and Minority Farmers Get Started
in Agriculture

LENGTH: 588  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Today, USDA Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden announced the availability of over $9
million in outreach and technical assistance for minority farmers and ranchers
and military veterans that are new to farming and ranching. The funding,
provided through the Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged Farmers
and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the 2501
Program, will enable community-based organizations and other partners to work
directly with these groups to successfully acquire, own and operate farms and
ranches and equitably participate in all USDA programs.

"The future face of agriculture needs to be varied in experience, background and
knowledge to meet the demand of the 21st century," said Deputy Secretary Harden.
"The 2501 Program enables USDA to bring more farmers and ranchers into American
agriculture by partnering with the institutions, land-grant universities and
other organizations that work directly with these diverse communities. Through
these critical partnerships, we will build a stronger agricultural future for
our country and for the world."

Deputy Secretary Harden made this announcement at the White House during the
Future of American Agriculture Champions of Change event celebrating the next
generation of America's farmers and ranchers.

Through the 2501 Program, support is distributed to entities that work with
minority or veteran farmers and ranchers -- 1890 Land Grant Institutions, 1994
Land Grant Institutions, American Indian Tribal community colleges and Alaska
Native cooperative colleges, Hispanic-serving and other institutions of higher
education, Tribal governments and organizations, or community-based
organizations. The 2501 Program, administered by the USDA's Office of Advocacy
and Outreach, has distributed over $57 million to 188 partners since 2010. The
2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded targeted communities to
include military veterans. Applications for 2501 Program funding will be
accepted through August 25, 2014, and must be submitted through www.grants.gov.
More information about the 2501 Program is available at:
http://www.outreach.usda.gov/grants/index.htm

America's farmers and ranchers continue to become more diverse. According to the
2012 Agricultural Census, minority and historically under-represented
communities are part of the continued growth among new and beginning farmers and
ranchers. According to the Census, 22 percent of all farmers were beginning
farmers in 2012. That means 1 out of every 5 farmers operated a farm for less
than 10 years.

Today's funding announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 17, 2010 Monday

Rural Development accepting grant applications

BYLINE: The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 451 words


May 17--The United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development program
is accepting applications for grants and loan guarantees for farmers and rural
small businesses to install renewable energy systems or to make energy
efficiency improvements.

The grants will be administered through the agency's Rural Energy for America
Program.

According to a news release from the USDA, the REAP grants can provide financial
assistance for 25 percent of the eligible cost for the purchase and installation
of a renewable energy system or to make energy efficiency improvements.

The maximum grant for renewable energy systems is $500,000 or $250,000 for
energy efficiency improvement projects. Grant applications are selected for
funding on a competitive basis, and priority will be given to grant requests of
$20,000 or less, the release stated.

To be eligible for renewable energy and energy efficiency grants, applicants
must be either agricultural producers earning at least 51 percent of gross
income from agricultural production, or a small business, as defined by the U.S.
Small Business Administration. Projects must be located in rural areas with a
population of 50,000 or less.

The proposed renewable energy or energy efficiency technology must be
commercially available in order to be eligible for the REAP program. Residential
applications are not eligible, according to the release.

In addition to grant funding, the REAP program offers loan guarantees to assist
with financing for eligible projects. The maximum loan guarantee is 75 percent
of eligible project costs and no more than $25 million. Combination funding from
grants and loan guarantees also is available.

The Missouri office has received approximately $1.2 million in REAP grant funds
allocation. In order to be considered to receive funding from the Missouri state
allocation of funds, applications must be received by USDA Rural Development no
later than 4:30 p.m. on June 1. If an application is received by USDA after June
1 but before June 30, then the application may only be considered to receive
funding from the national funding allocation.

Applications may be obtained by contacting USDA Rural Development, Business and
Community Programs, at 573-876-0995, or online at
rurdev.usda.gov/mo/REAP_index.htm.

To see more of The Sedalia Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sedaliademocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Sedalia Democrat,
Sedalia, Mo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100517-SX-Rural-Development-accepting-grant-applications-0517

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2010 The Sedalia Democrat


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 29, 2015

Another 25,000 acres opens up for habitat restoration

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 481  words


U.S. Department of Agriculture North Dakota Farm Service Agency (FSA) Executive
Director Aaron Krauter announced that an additional 25,000 acres of agricultural
land in North Dakota is eligible for funding for wildlife habitat restoration.

The additional acres are made available through the State Acres for Wildlife
Enhancement (SAFE) initiative and under two Conservation Reserve Program
practices targeting wetlands and duck nesting habitat. Of the additional acres.
10,000 acres is devoted to duck nesting habitat; 5,000 acres to non-flood plain
wetland restoration; 5,000 acres is devoted to the Coteau Drift Prairie Water
Bank SAFE project; 4,000 acres to the Pheasant Habitat SAFE project; and 1,000
acres to the Tallgrass Prairie Restoration SAFE project.

The SAFE Program is part of the USDA Conservation Reserve Program (CRP), a
federally-funded voluntary program that for 30 years has assisted agricultural
producers with the cost of restoring, enhancing and protecting certain grasses,
shrubs and trees to improve water quality, prevent soil erosion and reduce loss
of wildlife habitat. In return, USDA provides participants with rental payments
and cost-share assistance. CRP has helped farmers and ranchers prevent more than
8 billion tons of soil from eroding, reduce nitrogen and phosphorous runoff
relative to cropland by 95 and 85 percent respectively, and even sequester 43
million tons of greenhouse gases annually, equal to taking 8 million cars off
the road.

In total, up to 400,000 acres of additional agricultural land in the United
States will be eligible for wildlife habitat restoration funding through this
SAFE announcement. The additional acres are part of an earlier CRP wildlife
habitat announcement made by Secretary Vilsack. Currently, more than 1 million
acres, representing 98 projects, are enrolled in SAFE nationwide.

"This year marks the 30th anniversary of the Conservation Reserve Program, which
has not only resulted in significant soil and water improvements, but also
greater populations of waterfowl, gamebirds and other wildlife native to the
rural countryside,'" said Krauter. "Here in North Dakota, over 120,000 acres are
currently enrolled in SAFE practices that are helping to protect waterfowl,
pheasant, prairie chicken and sage grouse populations. We hope to continue this
progress by offering interested farmers and ranchers the opportunity to enroll
another 10,000 acres in SAFE and 15,000 acres in CRP practices for waterfowl."

Interested producers can offer land for enrollment in SAFE and other CRP
initiatives by contacting their local FSA county office at
http://offices.usda.gov. To learn more the 30th anniversary of CRP and to review
30 success stories throughout the year, visit www.fsa.usda.gov/CRPis30 or follow
Twitter at #CRPis30. And for more information about FSA conservation programs,
visit www.fsa.usda.gov/conservation.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2015 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Leahy: Vermont Nets $100,000 To Connect Schools And Local Farms

LENGTH: 652  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Patrick Leahy, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

A farm-to-school program championed by Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) is
investing $100,000 in bringing locally grown food to cafeteria tables and
classrooms in Vermont.  Leahy, who has led the national farm-to-school efforts
in the Senate, commended VT FEED, a partnership of the Northeast Organic Farming
Association of Vermont (NOFA-Vt.), and Shelburne Farms, which Tuesday received a
federal grant to support farm-to-school initiatives across the Green Mountain
State.

Leahy said:  "Vermont has long been a pace-setter in the farm-to-school
movement.  By bringing local food to the cafeteria table and into the classroom,
we improve nutrition, promote healthy eating choices, and help all children
understand where their food comes from.  It's a winning strategy for our farmers
and our students and Vermont is proving how well this program works."

Leahy championed the creation of the program in the child nutrition bill of
2010, the Healthy, Hunger Free Kids Act, assuring $5 million a year for the
United States Department of Agriculture's Farm-to-School program.  Since the
program began awarding grants two years ago, Vermont has received $291,712 in
total grant funding, supporting more than 200 schools across the state that
participate in the program.  Leahy, the most senior member of the Senate
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrtion, and Forestry,  is currently working on a
reauthorization of the program ahead of consideration of child nutrition
programs in the Senate next year.

Leahy said this project will allow VT FEED to support and expand farm-to-school
programs across the state and will help schools incorporate nutrition, farm, and
hands-on-learning curriculum in their classrooms.  Betsy Rosenbluth, Project
Director for Vermont FEED and Northeast Regional Lead for the National Farm to
School Network said, "Farm to School programs help create thriving local
economies, healthier kids, stronger schools, and vibrant communities.  VT FEED
is proud to have helped over a third of Vermont schools develop groundbreaking
programs.  We are now thrilled to receive a USDA Farm to School Support Service
grant to continue this great work and to also help spread those best practices
throughout the Northeast."

USDA Tuesday also announced that the Northeast Regional Steering Committee of
the Farm to School Network will receive a $50,000 grant that will enable a new
convening of regional farm to school leaders working to improve access to local
foods in regional schools.  In partnership with the five other New England
states and New York, VT FEED will be leading the Northeast Farm to School
Leadership Summit, an integral part of the 2015 Northeast Farm to Institution
Conference.  The Summit will emphasize the importance of developing supply chain
relationships and programming designed to connect eligible schools with local or
regional farmers, food processors and manufacturers in order to serve local and
regionally procured foods in school cafeterias.

Leahy, Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Representative Peter Welch (D-Vt.)
wrote a letter to United States Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
in April 2014 supporting the funding.  The letter can be viewed here.

The Vermont grants are among 82 projects across 42 states to receive funding to
connect local farmers with school cafeterias.  USDA's Farm-to-School Grants help
schools respond to the growing demand for locally sourced foods and increase
market opportunities for producers and food businesses, including food
processors, manufacturers and distributors.  Grants will also be used to support
agriculture and nutrition education efforts like school gardens, field trips to
local farms, and cooking classes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Washington: NIFA Announces $3 Million in Funding for Robotics Research

LENGTH: 465  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Institute of Food and Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) today announced $3 million in available funding for robotics
research, application, and education for agricultural systems that benefit
consumers and rural communities. This funding is made available through the
National Robotics Initiative (link is external) (NRI), a federal research
partnership that includes NIFA, the National Science Foundation (NSF), National
Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), Department of Defense, and
Department of Energy.





 "These technologies are helping meet farm labor needs and making farming safer,
more efficient, and more profitable," said NIFA Director Sonny Ramaswamy. "With
each year of investment in agricultural robotic research, we learn more about
how humans can benefit from automation in the field."



 The goal of the NRI program is to speed the development and use of robots that
work alongside or cooperatively with people in agriculture. This latest funding
opportunity supports research on the scalability and variety of collaborative
human-robot (co-robot) interactions. Areas of focus include collaborative
robots/humans teams, robots that can be easily customized, and infrastructure
that lowers barriers to entry into the field of co-robots. Additionally, the
program encourages research to introduce robotics in educational curricula and
research to better understand the long-term social, behavioral, and economic
implications of co-robots across all areas of human activity.



 NIFA encourages robotics research, applications, and education to enhance
agricultural production, processing, and distribution systems that benefit
consumers and rural communities.  Research proposals should address USDA goals,
such as protecting agricultural health to ensure access to safe, plentiful, and
nutritious food; increasing agricultural opportunities by supporting a
competitive agricultural system; contributing to clean and abundant water by
protecting and enhancing water resources; and ensuring that U.S. agricultural
resources contribute to global food security.



 NIFA will consider projects comprising one or more investigators, budgets of
approximately $150,000 to $300,000 per year in total costs, and durations of two
to five years. Eligible applicants include state agricultural experiment
stations; colleges and universities; other research institutions; federal
agencies; corporations; and individuals who are U.S. citizens, nationals, or
permanent residents. Foreign and international organizations are not eligible.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Washington: NIFA Announces $3 Million in Funding for Robotics Research

LENGTH: 465  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Institute of Food and Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) today announced $3 million in available funding for robotics
research, application, and education for agricultural systems that benefit
consumers and rural communities. This funding is made available through the
National Robotics Initiative (link is external) (NRI), a federal research
partnership that includes NIFA, the National Science Foundation (NSF), National
Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), Department of Defense, and
Department of Energy.





 "These technologies are helping meet farm labor needs and making farming safer,
more efficient, and more profitable," said NIFA Director Sonny Ramaswamy. "With
each year of investment in agricultural robotic research, we learn more about
how humans can benefit from automation in the field."



 The goal of the NRI program is to speed the development and use of robots that
work alongside or cooperatively with people in agriculture. This latest funding
opportunity supports research on the scalability and variety of collaborative
human-robot (co-robot) interactions. Areas of focus include collaborative
robots/humans teams, robots that can be easily customized, and infrastructure
that lowers barriers to entry into the field of co-robots. Additionally, the
program encourages research to introduce robotics in educational curricula and
research to better understand the long-term social, behavioral, and economic
implications of co-robots across all areas of human activity.



 NIFA encourages robotics research, applications, and education to enhance
agricultural production, processing, and distribution systems that benefit
consumers and rural communities.  Research proposals should address USDA goals,
such as protecting agricultural health to ensure access to safe, plentiful, and
nutritious food; increasing agricultural opportunities by supporting a
competitive agricultural system; contributing to clean and abundant water by
protecting and enhancing water resources; and ensuring that U.S. agricultural
resources contribute to global food security.



 NIFA will consider projects comprising one or more investigators, budgets of
approximately $150,000 to $300,000 per year in total costs, and durations of two
to five years. Eligible applicants include state agricultural experiment
stations; colleges and universities; other research institutions; federal
agencies; corporations; and individuals who are U.S. citizens, nationals, or
permanent residents. Foreign and international organizations are not eligible.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            September 8, 2013 Sunday

agriculture briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 520 words


Research conference

scheduled at UW-P

PLATTEVILLE, Wis. - The University of Wisconsin-Platteville will host the North
Central American Association of Agricultural Education research conference
Thursday, Sept. 19, through Saturday, Sept. 21. This is the first time the
conference will be held at UW-P.

Faculty and graduate students from several universities throughout the central
and northeast region of the United States are expected to attend. The conference
will include research and business presentations as well as local tours.

The association is dedicated to studying, applying and promoting the teaching
and learning processes in agriculture.

Farmers urged to form

conservation plans

DES MOINES - In anticipation of a new federal farm bill, the federal Department
of Agriculture's Natural Resources Conservation Service is encouraging Iowa
farmers and private landowners to visit their local agriculture department
office by Oct. 4 to be considered for the first round of conservation program
funding selections.

Before submitting an application, farmers are strongly encouraged to discuss the
resource concerns for their farm and develop a conservation plan, or update
their current plan if needed.

Federal conservation programs are offered through a continuous sign-up, but the
conservation service periodically batches and ranks applications as funding
allows.

Two of the most popular conservation programs are part of this sign-up: the
Environmental Quality Incentives Program and the Wetlands Reserve Program.

State award goes

to Wahl Farms

MONTICELLO, Iowa - Eric Wahl, of Wahl Farms, in rural Monticello, was one of 63
Iowa farm families recently presented with an Iowa Farm Environmental Leader
Award. He received the award during a ceremony at the Iowa State Fair.

The award is a joint effort between the governor, lieutenant governor, Iowa
Department of Agriculture and the Iowa Department of Natural Resources to
recognize the efforts of Iowa's farmers as environmental leaders committed to
healthy soils and improved water quality. It seeks to recognize the exemplary
voluntary actions of farmers that improve or protect the environment and natural
resources of our state while also encouraging other farmers to follow in their
footsteps by building success upon success.

Evaluation program

offered for producers

AMES, Iowa - Iowa cattle producers who want to enroll their seedstock bulls and
heifers in the evaluation program managed by the Iowa Cattlemen's Association
can make their reservations now.

Both consignment and private reservations for fall-born and spring-born bulls
will be taken through Sept. 27, or until pens are full. Heifer reservations can
be made through Nov. 22, or until pens are full.

Each year, breeders in the Midwest enter hundreds of bulls and open heifers into
the program for comparison and benchmarking.

The fall bulls will be fed and evaluated at Kirkwood Community College in Cedar
Rapids, while the spring bulls and open heifers will be delivered to the Van
Meter Feedyard near Guthrie Center.

For more information, contact the Iowa Cattlemen's Association at 515-296-2266.

Telegraph Herald

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    March 19, 1994, Saturday, WEEKLY EDITION

THERE'S ALWAYS BULL: Agriculture's acronyms fertilizer for bureaucrats

BYLINE: Kelly McParland

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 10, Washington Notebook

LENGTH: 652 words


So you think you want to be a trade lawyer when you grow up? Maybe you ought to
think again, otherwise you could spend your life listening to statements like
this, delivered by Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy as he tried to explain to a
group from Congress the programs available to promote U.S. farm products:
''Within our arsenal right now we have a number of tools. The EEP is one, the
SOAP/COAP and the BEPS. We have GSM, 102, 103 and the MPP. And except for the
EEP, as has already been discussed, none of these others are subject to any
reduction under the GATT.'' A free truckload of Canadian durum wheat goes to
anyone who has the faintest idea what he's talking about.

GET CANADA WEEK: It's not often that Canada gets dumped on as thoroughly as it
did this week before the House agriculture committee. A week ago, Mickey Kantor
accused Europeans of being cowards, and Congress loves preaching
self-righteously to the Chinese and Japanese. But Canada is lambasted only
occasionally, mainly when there are a lot of farm-state legislators in the
crowd. The agriculture committee is chock-full of such people, and the session
made up in enthusiasm what it lacked in consistency. In the first round,
legislators took turns excoriating Canada for using subsidies to increase wheat
exports, and trying to use high tariffs to protect the dairy, chicken and egg
industries while they adjust to the new GATT agreement. ''I can't tell you how
bad the situation is,'' complained Earl Pomeroy of North Dakota. ''It's a real
problem, a real crisis,'' agreed Pat Roberts of Kansas. Collin Peterson of
Minnesota suggested sending Patriot missiles over Canada to shake up the locals.
Then the discussion turned to U.S. programs. ''It's EEP to the max!'' insisted
Roberts, demanding a pledge from Kantor to use the Export Enhancement Program to
subsidize U.S. farm exports (including wheat) to the full extent possible. John
Boehner of Ohio wanted Mike Espy to guarantee high tariffs to protect U.S.
peanut farmers from the new GATT regime. The secretary said he was happy to
''afford protection'' to peanuts. ''These industries and these commodities have
to have time to convert, and that's what we're doing. We've shielded them during
the transition period,'' he said.

YEUTTER'S VIEW: Clayton Yeutter doesn't think much of the Clinton
administration's foreign prowess. Yeutter was U.S. trade representative under
Reagan and agriculture secretary under Bush. His was in on the birth of NAFTA
and the push for GATT reform and is joyous that both are complete. But in other
areas he thinks the Clintonites are a bunch of bumblers. ''We botched the
U.S.-Japan relationship and now we've botched the U.S.-China relationship,'' he
said, lamenting the heavy-handed approach to trade disputes with Tokyo, and
Secretary of State Warren Christopher's disastrous effort to force human rights
improvements on Beijing. ''You cannot force that in a culture or society like
China. We can threaten to withdraw (most favored nation trade status) 10 times a
day for the next 100 years but that's not going to influence (Beijing),'' he
said. ''It's just plainly not very smart.''

PAPERWORK, PAPERWORK: More than 100 White House staff are being forced to
complete paperwork required by the FBI to perform personal background checks.
The checks should have been done months ago, but many Clintonites didn't bother
filling out the required forms and have been operating on temporary passes. The
forced resignations of Webster Hubbell and Bernard Nussbaum, and renewed
interest in last year's suicide of Clinton friend Vincent Foster, put an end to
that. The Washington Post cited unnamed officials as admitting the slack
approach meant some staff with personal problems - including prior drug use,
alcohol problems, financial difficulties and tax troubles - worked in the White
House for months before the FBI found out.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Announces Nearly $13 Million in Funding for Four Tribal Projects in
Minnesota

LENGTH: 761  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



  U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack today announced funding to help the
Red Lake Band of Chippewa Indians with infrastructure for four essential
community facilities, ranging from public safety to health care and including
funds to construct a new chemical dependency treatment center in wake of the
rural opioid epidemic. Funding is provided through USDA's Community Facilities
program.





 "Over the last seven years, USDA has worked closely with tribal leaders to
support locally-driven solutions to improve economic opportunities in tribal
areas by increasing access to education, health care, broadband and business
development," Vilsack said. "These four projects will help the Red Lake Band of
Chippewa Indians ensure the health, safety, and well-being of its members and
local communities well into the future."



 USDA Rural Development has awarded a $4,950,000 direct loan to Red Lake Band to
build a new Chemical Dependency Treatment Center. The new 20,123-sq.-ft.
facility will be equipped with 16 beds, group meeting rooms, and visitation
areas - providing a safe, sanitary environment to help treat tribal members
suffering from substance misuse and chemical dependency. In January, President
Obama tapped Secretary Vilsack to lead an interagency task force focused on the
rural opioid epidemic. Recent efforts have helped identify effective tools to
reduce drug use and overdose, including evidence-based prevention programs,
prescription drug monitoring, medication-assisted treatment and the overdose
reversal drug naloxone. The funding for this treatment center is another example
of the USDA's efforts to address the opioid epidemic.



 Red Lake Nation, located in Beltrami County of northwestern Minnesota, will
receive a $2.2 million direct loan to construct a fire hall in the community of
Ponemah, one of several communities located in the area. The new facility will
offer state-of-the-art services including a training room, decontamination
space, and enough space to house the Department's fleet of trucks under one
roof. This new facility will help the community of Ponemah increase response
times and better meet the needs of the more than 700 local residents.



 After 46 years, the fire department in the City of Red Lake has reached the end
of its useful life and needs many repairs that are no longer economically
feasible. Red Lake Band will receive a $2.8 million direct loan to construct a
facility that will provide the resources necessary to serve the nearly 6,000
residents living on the reservation and serve as a back-up for the Ponemah fire
department.



 Finally, Red Lake Band will receive a $2,998,000 direct loan to increase its
renal dialysis center from five to 12 units, increasing the capacity to treat
local residents. This project will provide job opportunities at the local
hospital and decrease travel time for patients currently having to travel more
than 60 miles to get to the nearest facility.



 Since 2009, USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and Tribal
communities, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services.
USDA has provided more than $553.5 million in loans, loan guarantees and grants
to build or upgrade more than 300 Tribal facilities, and $55 million in loans to
support Native-owned businesses and promote economic development in Tribal
areas.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand 112,000 rural
businesses; helped 1.2 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200
community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities;
and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents
and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects
that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents. For more information, visit USDA's
latest entry on our medium.com This is an external link or third-party site
outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. website,
"Rural America is Back in Business."This is an external link or third-party site
outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                    September 25, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Ag Energy Coalition Praises Representatives for Supporting Energy Program
Investments in Farm Bill Conference

LENGTH: 328  words


New Delhi, Sept. 25 -- The Agriculture Energy Coalition (AgEC) today thanked
Reps. Dave Reichert (R-Wash.) and Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.) for requesting "that
conferees consider the importance of the energy title, which supports diverse
energy programs, and provide the necessary investments for program success"
during any conference of the varying House and Senate versions of the Farm Bill.
Reps. Reichert and Van Hollen made this request in a letter to House Committee
on Agriculture Chairman Rep. Frank Lucas (R-Okla.) and Ranking Member Rep.
Collin Peterson (D-Minn.).



Reps. Reichert and Van Hollen write, "While we understand the difficult task you
face of meeting budget constraints, we emphasize the importance of these
bipartisan energy investments, which represent an important and growing
component of the agricultural economy. Again, in order for these programs to be
successful, we strongly encourage the necessary investment in the energy title
to be included within the conference agreement and appreciate your consideration
of this request."

The Senate-passed version of the Farm Bill differs from the House-passed version
by providing nearly $900 million in mandatory funding for USDA energy programs
in addition to discretionary funding.

Lloyd Ritter, co-director of the Coalition, added, "The Farm Bill Energy Title
programs help grow the agricultural economy by opening access to critical
project capital, ensuring that investments continue to be made in rural energy
development. These investments in energy efficiency projects and renewable
energy systems provide energy security, environmental benefits, and economic
growth opportunities to the entire United States, including stable, well-paying
employment opportunities. Reauthorization and robust mandatory funding of these
programs over the next five years will build upon that success. We thank
Representatives Reichert and Van Hollen and echo their request to the
Agriculture Committee leadership."

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

NSLP Principal Investigators' Convention Starts

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 162

LENGTH: 636  words


The two-day Principal Investigators'(PIs) Convention under "Pak-US National
Sciences Linkage Programme (NSLP)" Endowment Fund of Pakistan Science Foundation
(PSF) started here on Tuesday.

The PIs Convention is aimed at getting update on the status of projects as well
as exchange of ideas regarding effective execution and pooling of national
assets.

PSF Chairman, who is also the Chief Executive of NSLP, Prof Dr Manzoor H Soomro,
Ministry of Food Security and Research Representative Dr Aslam Gill, Agriculture
Consular of US Embassy Richard Dremnon, PSF Member Science Dr Khalil Ibupoto and
NSLP Principal Scientific Officer (PSO) Dr Mirza Habib were present at the
inaugural ceremony of the Convention.

Addressing the inaugural ceremony of the Convention, the PSF Chairman said that
the researchers working under NSLP programme should take on board the farmers so
that the end user of their research could properly benefit from it.

Highlighting the PSF research and science popularization programme, he spoke
about the PSF's research support, science caravan, inquiry-based science
education programmes and collaboration with different national and international
scientific institutions.

Dr Soomro announced that they are working on awards for the scientists of NSLP
funded projects every year on the pattern of PSF's Dr ZA Hashmi R&D Gold Medal
Award instituted by the Pakistan Science Foundation to acknowledge contributions
of the eminent scientists.

The Chairman said they are actively working to boost collaboration with US
National Science Foundation.

Richard Dremnon appreciated the process of NSLP projects funding, monitoring and
evaluation.

He called upon the scientists to take up such projects that may result in food
production increase ensuring availability of food to everyone.

Dr Aslam Gill, representative of Ministry of Food Security and Research, who is
also member of NSLP Board of Governors, spoke on the funding for NSLP research
projects as well the scrutiny process of research project proposals.

He appreciated the PSF role in promoting science culture in the country.

Dr Mirza Habib while giving introduction of NSLP said, Ministry of Science and
Technology (MoST), Government of Pakistan and the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), Foreign Agricultural Service (FAS) signed a Memorandum of
Understanding (MoU) in November 2002 for cooperation in the field of Natural
Sciences.

Under the MoU an Endowment Fund "Natural Sciences Linkage Programme" (NSLP), was
established for research funding and mutual cooperation in the field of Natural
Science.

The handling of the NSLP Endowment funds was assigned to Pakistan Science
Foundation, Islamabad from the sale proceeds of agricultural commodities
imported under PL-480 & 416(b) programme.

A sum of Rs 498.910 million was received to PSF through the Ministry of Finance
and by adding the initial profit earned, the Endowment Fund was created with an
amount of Rs 500 million in 2007.

He said, PSF is using the profit earned on the Endowment Fund for funding of
research projects in agriculture and related sciences for sustainable
agricultural production with emphasis on enhanced benefits to the
producers/farmers.

The research projects are processed as per the set procedure of Pakistan Science
Foundation with technical recommendations of two Pakistani experts and a US
expert through the USDA.

Dr Habib said the PIs of 40 projects out of total 57 ongoing projects of NSLP
are attending the convention aimed at getting update on the status of projects
as well as exchange of ideas regarding effective execution and pooling of
national assets.

He said more than 350 projects are under process while the number of research
projects is on the increase due to PSF Research Projects Formulation Workshop
across the country and publicity in media.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             August 17, 2014 Sunday

Terry Brunner: New fund will help rural America

BYLINE: Las Cruces Sun-News

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 608 words


Recently, the White House Rural Council, chaired by the United States Secretary
of Agriculture, Tom Vilsack, announced the creation of a new U.S. Rural
Infrastructure Opportunity Fund to allow private entities to invest in rural
infrastructure projects across the nation. $10 billion has been pledged to start
the Fund and it expects to grow with additional funds. Co Bank, a national
cooperative bank serving rural America, is the anchor investor and Capital Peak
Asset Management will manage the new fund.

With assistance from the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), this
unique fund will target rural projects such as hospitals, schools, water
systems, broadband, and energy systems. This positive development presents a
tremendous opportunity for New Mexico to enhance its rural communities and
economies at a time when it is needed most.

New Mexico's economy is on everyone's mind as we recover from the recession but
our infrastructure also deserves serious attention. The 2013 Report Card for
America's Infrastructure published by the American Society of Civil Engineers
awarded New Mexico a "C" for the quality of its infrastructure. We need to do
better in a state highly dependent on its highways, bridges and water systems.
New Mexico's backlog of water projects alone stands at an estimated $900 million
not to mention the schools, highways, hospitals, clinics and other public
facilities in need of funding.

Investments in these infrastructure projects do more than just provide improved
public services they create jobs and economic growth. A 2011 report by the
Center for American Progress's titled, "Now is the Time to Fix our Nation's
Broken Infrastructure," highlighted two important statistics showing the impact
on job growth via infrastructure investments. First, economists James Feyrer and
Bruce Sacerdote reported that on average during the Recovery Act, 12.3 jobs were
created for every $100,000 spent by federal agencies like the Department of
Transportation and the Department of Energy. Secondly, economists James Heintz
and Robert Pollin of the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, found that
infrastructure spending creates about 18,000 total jobs for every $1 billion in
new investment spending.

The U.S. Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund may be used to leverage existing
USDA funding programs or fund infrastructure projects outright. Other tools in
our USDA toolbox for rural development include 40 or more utilities, housing,
facilities and business programs. We've added to that toolbox the $150 million
Rural Business Investment Company, just announced earlier this year, which
allows USDA to help facilitate private equity investments in innovative
agriculture-related businesses.

During the last five years, USDA provided $1.9 billion in New Mexico for
conservation, farming, ranching, agricultural research and exports. Some are
surprised to hear that USDA also invested in New Mexico more than $682 million
in New Mexico's infrastructure and $511 million in small businesses, job
creation and economic development. We have not only been aggressive in funding
New Mexico projects but we are creating new financial vehicles, like those
mentioned above to give communities and businesses further options.

Great ideas are emerging from our rural communities and New Mexico's leaders
need to help marry those great ideas with the financial support needed to make
them happen. The opportunities are there to get creative and get to work in
helping to improve New Mexico's infrastructure which should, in turn, enhance
New Mexico's overall economy.

Terry Brunner is the USDA Rural Development state director.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2014 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 28, 1998 Saturday

Alberta triples credit limit for agricultural borrowers  Ottawa warned against
asking for provincial contribution to bailout

BYLINE: JILL MAHONEY Alberta Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 550 words

DATELINE: Edmonton


Alberta's Agriculture Minister more than tripled the maximum loan available to
hard-hit farmers yesterday.

But Ed Stelmach, who increased the limit to $50,000 from $15,000, made it clear
that any federal farm-relief package won't get funding from his province, one of
the few already giving money to farmers.

Federal Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief promised this week to help the
country's hog producers, whose prices have plummeted by more than 60 per cent
over the past year, and grain producers, who have seen a drop of 25 per cent.

It is expected that Mr. Vanclief will create a $1.7-billion disaster fund, with
$400-million available this year and in the third and fourth years, and
$500-million available next year. The package, which will be discussed in
cabinet next week, would be shared between Ottawa, which would fund 60 per cent,
and the provinces, which would contribute 40 per cent.

Mr. Stelmach said Mr. Vanclief and his officials have spoken at great length to
Alberta bureaucrats, and seem to be modelling their plan on Alberta's
$200-million Farm Income Disaster Program. Under FIDP, farmers whose profit is
below 70 per cent of the average of the three previous years can receive
payments to bring them up to the 70-per-cent level.

Mr. Stelmach said Alberta should be excused from contributing since it already
has money available to help farmers, but he welcomed federal contributions to
the province's needy producers.

He said federal funding to Alberta should be in line with the province's portion
of the country's agricultural production, which is about 25 per cent.

"Give us 25 per cent of the additional funds and send us the cheque and we'll
distribute it," Mr. Stelmach said in an interview.

Mr. Stelmach cautioned against subsidies, such as the $64 per sow given to
farmers by the Quebec government, which could result in trade sanctions by the
United States.

"They're our No. 1 market, and good prices or bad prices, we need that market.
If they build a roadblock because we're directly subsidizing, it's going to hurt
producers for years to come," he said.

Yesterday's increase in loan amounts is intended to help farmers pay their bills
until January, when they are eligible to apply for aid to help with 1998 losses
under FIDP. Interest payments on the loan can be deferred for up to two years.

"It's a very timely thing for producers right now, because some of the bills
need to be paid," said Roger Charbonneau, chairman of the Alberta Pork Producers
Development Corp.

Greg Meek, a hog farmer in Acme, about an hour northeast of Calgary, also
welcomed the increase in loan amounts. But he said farmers really need a
solution to the bigger problem, which has its roots in the Asian crisis and a
subsidy war between the United States and the European Union.

"It's not a handout, it's not a subsidy, so that should keep our border open,
which is quite important," Mr. Meek said. "It doesn't address the problem, but
it helps the producer. That's our biggest problem -- how do we address this
problem?"

Yesterday, Mr. Meek and other southwestern Alberta hog producers donated 1,000
food hampers of fresh pork to food banks, because they can't afford to raise
their pigs. Mr. Meek, who raises 300 sows and markets 6,300 hogs a year, is
losing about $30,000 a month at current prices.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1998 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Rep. Tulsi Gabbard: Hawai[#xfffd]»i to Receive $3.1 Million to Fight
Invasive Species

LENGTH: 703  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Tulsi Gabbard has issued the following news
release:



 Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) announced today that Hawai[#xfffd]»i will receive
$3.1 million to fight invasive species like the coconut rhinoceros beetle,
coffee berry borer, Rapid Ohia Death, and fruit flies. The funding, allocated
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Animal and Plant Health
Inspection Service (APHIS) in accordance with Section 10007 of the 2014 Farm
Bill, is part of 513 projects supported nationwide that aim to prevent the
introduction or spread of plant pests and diseases that threaten U.S.
agriculture and the environment, as well as ensure the availability of a healthy
supply of clean plant stock.





 "In Hawai[#xfffd]»i, invasive species like the coffee berry borer, fruit fly,
and macadamia felted coccid have cost our farmers millions, and put hundreds of
farms, thousands of local workers, and our agriculture industry at great risk,"
said Rep. Tulsi Gabbard. "We need to provide more support to our farmers who
contribute so much to our community and our economy.  This funding will provide
Hawai[#xfffd]»i with critical resources to combat these invasive pests."



 "The University of Hawai[#xfffd]»i is very pleased to hear that a new project
has been funded through USDA-APHIS on the management of the coffee berry borer
in Hawai[#xfffd]»i and Puerto Rico," said Ray Carruthers, Specialist at the
University of Hawai[#xfffd]»i College of Tropical Agriculture and Human
Resources. "The main thrust of this effect will be to coordinate control efforts
with on-going Federal, State and local projects on CBB management, along with
the additional development of new insect biological control technologies. We
feel that developing, testing and the eventual use of insect parasitoids will be
a key for long-term sustainable management of the CBB in both Hawai[#xfffd]»i
and Puerto Rico."



 Background: Rep. Tulsi Gabbard introduced the Areawide Integrated Pest
Management (AIPM) Act (H.R.3893) and the Macadamia Tree Health Initiative
(H.R.6249) in the 114th Congress to fight invasive species in Hawai[#xfffd]»i
and across the United States, and to fund critical research for invasive species
like the macadamia felted coccid. In August, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard conducted an
agriculture tour on Hawai[#xfffd]»i Island where she met with local agriculture
professionals and researchers about invasive species in Hawai[#xfffd]»i.



 Today's announcement includes the following funding for projects in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i:



     $87,771 for emerging diseases, viral spillover, and the risk to
agricultural pollinators (Academia)

     $265,811 for the USDA Compendium of Fruit Fly Host Information (CoFFHI)
(Academia)

     $27,600 for the National Survey of Honey Bee Pests and Diseases in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i (State Government)

     $148,000 for the Palm Commodity Survey (Academia)

     $165,500 for Hawai[#xfffd]»i Pre-Clearance X-ray Support (APHIS)

     $260,000 for Genomic approaches to fruit fly exclusion and pathway analysis
(year 3) (Academia)

     $303,000 for Genomic approaches to fruit fly exclusion and pathway analysis
(year 3) (Non-APHIS-Federal)

     $42,090 for Little Fire Ant Education for Nursery Supply Stores (Academia)

     $40,995 for Integrated and Sustainable Approach to Manage New Invasive
Pests of Ficus Trees in Hawai[#xfffd]»i's Urban Landscapes - Year 2 (Academia)

     $41,000 for Activators and Attractants for Giant African Snail (Academia)

     $120,000 for Response to Rapid Ohia Death, a disease threatening forests
(State Government)

     $125,000 for Systems approach for the management of coffee berry borer in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i and Puerto Rico with emphasis on biological control (Academia)

     $100,000 for Systems approach for the management of coffee berry borer in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i and Puerto Rico with emphasis on biological control (State
Government)

     $115,000 for Systems approach for the management of coffee berry borer in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i and Puerto Rico with emphasis on biological control
(Non-APHIS-Federal)

     $975,000 for Response to Coconut Rhinoceros Beetle in Hawai[#xfffd]»i
(Academia)

     $250,000 for Response to Coconut Rhinoceros Beetle in Hawai[#xfffd]»i
(State Government)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Rep. Tulsi Gabbard: Hawai[#xfffd]»i to Receive $3.1 Million to Fight
Invasive Species

LENGTH: 703  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Tulsi Gabbard has issued the following news
release:



 Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) announced today that Hawai[#xfffd]»i will receive
$3.1 million to fight invasive species like the coconut rhinoceros beetle,
coffee berry borer, Rapid Ohia Death, and fruit flies. The funding, allocated
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Animal and Plant Health
Inspection Service (APHIS) in accordance with Section 10007 of the 2014 Farm
Bill, is part of 513 projects supported nationwide that aim to prevent the
introduction or spread of plant pests and diseases that threaten U.S.
agriculture and the environment, as well as ensure the availability of a healthy
supply of clean plant stock.





 "In Hawai[#xfffd]»i, invasive species like the coffee berry borer, fruit fly,
and macadamia felted coccid have cost our farmers millions, and put hundreds of
farms, thousands of local workers, and our agriculture industry at great risk,"
said Rep. Tulsi Gabbard. "We need to provide more support to our farmers who
contribute so much to our community and our economy.  This funding will provide
Hawai[#xfffd]»i with critical resources to combat these invasive pests."



 "The University of Hawai[#xfffd]»i is very pleased to hear that a new project
has been funded through USDA-APHIS on the management of the coffee berry borer
in Hawai[#xfffd]»i and Puerto Rico," said Ray Carruthers, Specialist at the
University of Hawai[#xfffd]»i College of Tropical Agriculture and Human
Resources. "The main thrust of this effect will be to coordinate control efforts
with on-going Federal, State and local projects on CBB management, along with
the additional development of new insect biological control technologies. We
feel that developing, testing and the eventual use of insect parasitoids will be
a key for long-term sustainable management of the CBB in both Hawai[#xfffd]»i
and Puerto Rico."



 Background: Rep. Tulsi Gabbard introduced the Areawide Integrated Pest
Management (AIPM) Act (H.R.3893) and the Macadamia Tree Health Initiative
(H.R.6249) in the 114th Congress to fight invasive species in Hawai[#xfffd]»i
and across the United States, and to fund critical research for invasive species
like the macadamia felted coccid. In August, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard conducted an
agriculture tour on Hawai[#xfffd]»i Island where she met with local agriculture
professionals and researchers about invasive species in Hawai[#xfffd]»i.



 Today's announcement includes the following funding for projects in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i:



     $87,771 for emerging diseases, viral spillover, and the risk to
agricultural pollinators (Academia)

     $265,811 for the USDA Compendium of Fruit Fly Host Information (CoFFHI)
(Academia)

     $27,600 for the National Survey of Honey Bee Pests and Diseases in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i (State Government)

     $148,000 for the Palm Commodity Survey (Academia)

     $165,500 for Hawai[#xfffd]»i Pre-Clearance X-ray Support (APHIS)

     $260,000 for Genomic approaches to fruit fly exclusion and pathway analysis
(year 3) (Academia)

     $303,000 for Genomic approaches to fruit fly exclusion and pathway analysis
(year 3) (Non-APHIS-Federal)

     $42,090 for Little Fire Ant Education for Nursery Supply Stores (Academia)

     $40,995 for Integrated and Sustainable Approach to Manage New Invasive
Pests of Ficus Trees in Hawai[#xfffd]»i's Urban Landscapes - Year 2 (Academia)

     $41,000 for Activators and Attractants for Giant African Snail (Academia)

     $120,000 for Response to Rapid Ohia Death, a disease threatening forests
(State Government)

     $125,000 for Systems approach for the management of coffee berry borer in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i and Puerto Rico with emphasis on biological control (Academia)

     $100,000 for Systems approach for the management of coffee berry borer in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i and Puerto Rico with emphasis on biological control (State
Government)

     $115,000 for Systems approach for the management of coffee berry borer in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i and Puerto Rico with emphasis on biological control
(Non-APHIS-Federal)

     $975,000 for Response to Coconut Rhinoceros Beetle in Hawai[#xfffd]»i
(Academia)

     $250,000 for Response to Coconut Rhinoceros Beetle in Hawai[#xfffd]»i
(State Government)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Rep. Tulsi Gabbard: Hawai[#xfffd]»i to Receive $3.1 Million to Fight
Invasive Species

LENGTH: 703  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Tulsi Gabbard has issued the following news
release:



 Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) announced today that Hawai[#xfffd]»i will receive
$3.1 million to fight invasive species like the coconut rhinoceros beetle,
coffee berry borer, Rapid Ohia Death, and fruit flies. The funding, allocated
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Animal and Plant Health
Inspection Service (APHIS) in accordance with Section 10007 of the 2014 Farm
Bill, is part of 513 projects supported nationwide that aim to prevent the
introduction or spread of plant pests and diseases that threaten U.S.
agriculture and the environment, as well as ensure the availability of a healthy
supply of clean plant stock.





 "In Hawai[#xfffd]»i, invasive species like the coffee berry borer, fruit fly,
and macadamia felted coccid have cost our farmers millions, and put hundreds of
farms, thousands of local workers, and our agriculture industry at great risk,"
said Rep. Tulsi Gabbard. "We need to provide more support to our farmers who
contribute so much to our community and our economy.  This funding will provide
Hawai[#xfffd]»i with critical resources to combat these invasive pests."



 "The University of Hawai[#xfffd]»i is very pleased to hear that a new project
has been funded through USDA-APHIS on the management of the coffee berry borer
in Hawai[#xfffd]»i and Puerto Rico," said Ray Carruthers, Specialist at the
University of Hawai[#xfffd]»i College of Tropical Agriculture and Human
Resources. "The main thrust of this effect will be to coordinate control efforts
with on-going Federal, State and local projects on CBB management, along with
the additional development of new insect biological control technologies. We
feel that developing, testing and the eventual use of insect parasitoids will be
a key for long-term sustainable management of the CBB in both Hawai[#xfffd]»i
and Puerto Rico."



 Background: Rep. Tulsi Gabbard introduced the Areawide Integrated Pest
Management (AIPM) Act (H.R.3893) and the Macadamia Tree Health Initiative
(H.R.6249) in the 114th Congress to fight invasive species in Hawai[#xfffd]»i
and across the United States, and to fund critical research for invasive species
like the macadamia felted coccid. In August, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard conducted an
agriculture tour on Hawai[#xfffd]»i Island where she met with local agriculture
professionals and researchers about invasive species in Hawai[#xfffd]»i.



 Today's announcement includes the following funding for projects in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i:



     $87,771 for emerging diseases, viral spillover, and the risk to
agricultural pollinators (Academia)

     $265,811 for the USDA Compendium of Fruit Fly Host Information (CoFFHI)
(Academia)

     $27,600 for the National Survey of Honey Bee Pests and Diseases in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i (State Government)

     $148,000 for the Palm Commodity Survey (Academia)

     $165,500 for Hawai[#xfffd]»i Pre-Clearance X-ray Support (APHIS)

     $260,000 for Genomic approaches to fruit fly exclusion and pathway analysis
(year 3) (Academia)

     $303,000 for Genomic approaches to fruit fly exclusion and pathway analysis
(year 3) (Non-APHIS-Federal)

     $42,090 for Little Fire Ant Education for Nursery Supply Stores (Academia)

     $40,995 for Integrated and Sustainable Approach to Manage New Invasive
Pests of Ficus Trees in Hawai[#xfffd]»i's Urban Landscapes - Year 2 (Academia)

     $41,000 for Activators and Attractants for Giant African Snail (Academia)

     $120,000 for Response to Rapid Ohia Death, a disease threatening forests
(State Government)

     $125,000 for Systems approach for the management of coffee berry borer in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i and Puerto Rico with emphasis on biological control (Academia)

     $100,000 for Systems approach for the management of coffee berry borer in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i and Puerto Rico with emphasis on biological control (State
Government)

     $115,000 for Systems approach for the management of coffee berry borer in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i and Puerto Rico with emphasis on biological control
(Non-APHIS-Federal)

     $975,000 for Response to Coconut Rhinoceros Beetle in Hawai[#xfffd]»i
(Academia)

     $250,000 for Response to Coconut Rhinoceros Beetle in Hawai[#xfffd]»i
(State Government)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Rep. Tulsi Gabbard: Hawai[#xfffd]»i to Receive $3.1 Million to Fight
Invasive Species

LENGTH: 703  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Tulsi Gabbard has issued the following news
release:



 Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) announced today that Hawai[#xfffd]»i will receive
$3.1 million to fight invasive species like the coconut rhinoceros beetle,
coffee berry borer, Rapid Ohia Death, and fruit flies. The funding, allocated
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Animal and Plant Health
Inspection Service (APHIS) in accordance with Section 10007 of the 2014 Farm
Bill, is part of 513 projects supported nationwide that aim to prevent the
introduction or spread of plant pests and diseases that threaten U.S.
agriculture and the environment, as well as ensure the availability of a healthy
supply of clean plant stock.





 "In Hawai[#xfffd]»i, invasive species like the coffee berry borer, fruit fly,
and macadamia felted coccid have cost our farmers millions, and put hundreds of
farms, thousands of local workers, and our agriculture industry at great risk,"
said Rep. Tulsi Gabbard. "We need to provide more support to our farmers who
contribute so much to our community and our economy.  This funding will provide
Hawai[#xfffd]»i with critical resources to combat these invasive pests."



 "The University of Hawai[#xfffd]»i is very pleased to hear that a new project
has been funded through USDA-APHIS on the management of the coffee berry borer
in Hawai[#xfffd]»i and Puerto Rico," said Ray Carruthers, Specialist at the
University of Hawai[#xfffd]»i College of Tropical Agriculture and Human
Resources. "The main thrust of this effect will be to coordinate control efforts
with on-going Federal, State and local projects on CBB management, along with
the additional development of new insect biological control technologies. We
feel that developing, testing and the eventual use of insect parasitoids will be
a key for long-term sustainable management of the CBB in both Hawai[#xfffd]»i
and Puerto Rico."



 Background: Rep. Tulsi Gabbard introduced the Areawide Integrated Pest
Management (AIPM) Act (H.R.3893) and the Macadamia Tree Health Initiative
(H.R.6249) in the 114th Congress to fight invasive species in Hawai[#xfffd]»i
and across the United States, and to fund critical research for invasive species
like the macadamia felted coccid. In August, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard conducted an
agriculture tour on Hawai[#xfffd]»i Island where she met with local agriculture
professionals and researchers about invasive species in Hawai[#xfffd]»i.



 Today's announcement includes the following funding for projects in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i:



     $87,771 for emerging diseases, viral spillover, and the risk to
agricultural pollinators (Academia)

     $265,811 for the USDA Compendium of Fruit Fly Host Information (CoFFHI)
(Academia)

     $27,600 for the National Survey of Honey Bee Pests and Diseases in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i (State Government)

     $148,000 for the Palm Commodity Survey (Academia)

     $165,500 for Hawai[#xfffd]»i Pre-Clearance X-ray Support (APHIS)

     $260,000 for Genomic approaches to fruit fly exclusion and pathway analysis
(year 3) (Academia)

     $303,000 for Genomic approaches to fruit fly exclusion and pathway analysis
(year 3) (Non-APHIS-Federal)

     $42,090 for Little Fire Ant Education for Nursery Supply Stores (Academia)

     $40,995 for Integrated and Sustainable Approach to Manage New Invasive
Pests of Ficus Trees in Hawai[#xfffd]»i's Urban Landscapes - Year 2 (Academia)

     $41,000 for Activators and Attractants for Giant African Snail (Academia)

     $120,000 for Response to Rapid Ohia Death, a disease threatening forests
(State Government)

     $125,000 for Systems approach for the management of coffee berry borer in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i and Puerto Rico with emphasis on biological control (Academia)

     $100,000 for Systems approach for the management of coffee berry borer in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i and Puerto Rico with emphasis on biological control (State
Government)

     $115,000 for Systems approach for the management of coffee berry borer in
Hawai[#xfffd]»i and Puerto Rico with emphasis on biological control
(Non-APHIS-Federal)

     $975,000 for Response to Coconut Rhinoceros Beetle in Hawai[#xfffd]»i
(Academia)

     $250,000 for Response to Coconut Rhinoceros Beetle in Hawai[#xfffd]»i
(State Government)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                            December 6, 2005 Tuesday

Concerns over shortage

BYLINE: GALLOWAY JILL

SECTION: FEATURES; FARMING; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 418 words


NEW ZEALAND will be caught up in a world-wide shortage of primary sector
scientists, says the president of the New Zealand Institute of Agricultural and
Horticultural Science.

John Lancashire says there is an aging workforce in agricultural, horticultural
and soil-related sciences in New Zealand and internationally.

He is concerned there are not enough young people to fill the gaps.

"In 2003 there were only 195 university graduates in agricultural related
degrees out of a total of 27,088 tertiary graduates. That's 0.7 percent," Mr
Lancashire says. The AgResearch CRI has lost 20 percent of its staff since 1992
with up to 70 of those being soil scientists, agronomists and ecologists who
worked in the field, he says.

The worldwide problem of an aging workforce is well understood with the average
age of scientists at Nasa is 50 and a third of scientists in the United States
Department of Agriculture due to retire in the next few years, Mr Lancashire
says.

"It's a similar story in the European Union. The result is these massive blocs
are taking very expensive moves to increase the flow of science graduates into
the economy."

New Zealand needs to take immediate action and increase science funding or the
whole economy will suffer irreparable, long-term damage, he says.

"It is unfortunate that in the same week as AgResearch announced an initiative
to attract more students into science careers, the Industrial Research CRI made
70 staff redundant."

Mr Lancashire also expressed other concerns about the lack of agricultural
science funding. He says it appears since the science reforms in 1992, funding
of pastoral research by Government has fallen 40 percent -- $60 million, while
in the same period primary exports increased 75 percent. The farming sector has
performed well in the past 20 years, increasing productivity at around 4 percent
a year, compared with the rest of the economy at around 1.5 percent, Mr
Lancashire says.

That has not been reflected in support for primary industry based science
though. "I find it surprising that fewer than 40 percent of dairy farmers voted
in favour of an industry levy to fund research," Mr Lancashire says.

He is sure most farmers are convinced of the value of research to their
businesses, but says they will have to be more proactive and vocal in their
support if further cuts are to be avoided.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Picture: WAIKATO TIMES

A DAIRY scientist walks among cows at a research farm. There's a worldwide
shortage of primary sector scientists.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 21, 2011

NRCS extends Wildlife Habitat Incentives Program (WHIP)

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 231  words


The Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) New Mexico is offering a
second funding opportunity to New Mexico tribal governments, farmers and
ranchers through the Wildlife Habi tat Incentives Program (WHIP).

Any new applications for WHIP funding must be received by NRCS offices
throughout the state no later than close of business on Friday, January 28,
2011. These second signup applications will be considered for funding in Fiscal
Year 2011.

WHIP offers opportunities to landowners to improve and protect wildlife habitat
on private, State Trust and Tribal lands. Anyone interested in entering into a
financial assistance agreement with the U.S. Department of Agriculture to
develop wildlife habitat may file an application at any time. The NRCS works
with the landowner to develop a wildlife habitat development plan.

Projects in New Mexico have improved habitat for elk, turkey, bear, shorebirds,
.Lesser Prairie Chicken, desert bighorn sheep, and other species including the
endangered Southwestern Willow Fly catchers. The projects have emphasized the
development of water supplies for wildlife, establishment of permanent flood
plains, and fencing cattle out of creeks and ponds.

For more information about the WHIP opportunity, visit the NRCS New Mexico
website at http://www.nm.nrcs.usda.gov/programs/whip.html or contact the local
NRCS New Mexico District Conservationist.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 Hidalgo County Herald


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Gazette (Champaign, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 18, 2010 Wednesday

Council on Food & Agricultural research idling staff, closing office at UI

BYLINE: Christine des Garennes, The News-Gazette, Champaign-Urbana, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 797 words


Aug. 18--URBANA -- A University of Illinois-based group that has provided money
for agriculture and food researchers in the state will lay off its staff and
close its office after receiving no money from the state this year and last
year.

The Illinois Council on Food and Agricultural Research, or C-FAR, has not
dissolved entirely, but reorganized its structure and operating procedures,
according to its members.

C-FAR, founded 17 years ago to fund research on everything from food safety to
renewable fuels, had received its appropriations through the Illinois Department
of Agriculture. No appropriation was made in fiscal year 2010 or for the current
fiscal year ending June 30, 2011.

"This past fall when we were, at that point, fairly certain there wouldn't be a
reinstatement of funding for FY '10, we began looking at what are we going to
do," said C-FAR's executive administrator Kraig Wagenecht. For the next few
years, "resources are going to be scarce," he said.

Four employees, including Wagenecht, will be affected by the campus office
closing, which is expected to happen sometime next month.

The group's board of directors approved the decision last month along with a new
structure that creates within the group "sector caucuses" which focus more on
Illinois commodities than natural resources as in previous years.

C-FAR, founded in 1993, received its first appropriation from the state in 1995.
At its peak, the organization received $15 million in 2000, 2001 and 2002. After
2002, the appropriation began to dwindle, and throughout the years, board
members have lobbied legislators about the importance of funding research in
expanding agricultural markets, production agriculture, rural development, human
nutrition and natural resources.

C-FAR funded research at the UI and other public universities in the state,
including Southern Illinois University, Illinois State University and Western
Illinois University for projects in ethanol, miscanthus, hog-facility odor and
more.

Rather than decommission the organization due to zero funding, the reorganized
group is like a placeholder that will allow members to continue discussions
about what research is needed, and they'll be ready to advocate for funding when
the state's financial situation improves, according to Mary Auth, a consultant
with Illinois Crop Improvement Association, which will act as the program
manager.

"The mission hasn't changed," she said.

That mission calls for advancing "profitable, consumer-sensitive,
environmentally sound food, agricultural and related systems by securing funding
for relevant research and outreach and fostering public participation in program
guidance."

The amount of state funding on food and agriculture research has slid over the
last decade. Illinois now ranks 25th among U.S. states for funding of food and
agriculture research based on the most recent data available from 2008,
according to Wagenecht. It ranks last among Midwest states.

"I suspect our national rank will drop further," he said.

"It's not a good situation," Wagenecht added about the lack of state funding for
ag research. "I think the fallout is yet to be seen, especially for younger
researchers. Assistant and associate professors really need to have a vibrant
research program. They'll go to those institutions that can help them with that.
There is funding at the federal level, but that is extremely competitive and
oftentimes that funding may or may not be geared to what is important to
Illinois," he said.

C-FAR "was in existence for 16 years and most groups have to go through a
metamorphosis sometime along the line," said Jerry Hicks, a vice chair on
C-FAR's board of directors.

Last year board members formed a task force and sought feedback from the
Legislature.

"We're hoping to build a broader support," and ultimately receive state money
again and funnel that money to researchers, Hicks said. The group's organizers
will meet later this month to set new priorities and elect new leadership.

"We are still in the reorganization process," Hicks said.

The organization's new "sector caucuses" include corn, soybean, pork-beef-dairy
and specialty crops-wheat-allied industries.

"C-FAR will continue to be a vital organization for agricultural and food
interests for Illinois," said Jim Charlesworth, current C-FAR chairman, in a
statement.

To see more of The News-Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
www.news-azette.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The News-Gazette, Champaign-Urbana,
Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100818-CM-Agricultural-research-20100818

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CM


                        Copyright 2010 The News-Gazette


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 8, 2013

Applications sought for energy improvement projects

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 256  words


Jasper Schneider, United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development state director, announced today that USDA is seeking applications to
provide assistance to agricultural producers and rural small businesses for
energy efficiency and renewable energy projects. Funding is available under
USDA's Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).

"Ag producers and business operations that become more energy efficient will
increase profitability and create new opportunities for economic growth,"
Schneider said. "These investments will lessen our dependence on foreign oil
while promoting North Dakota produced energy."

REAP, authorized by the Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008 (Farm Bill),
seeks to provide funding for projects that incorporate energy-saving practices
into business operations. USDA is accepting the following applications:

Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant applications and
combination grant and guaranteed loan applications until April 30, 2013;

Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed loan only
applications until July 15, 2013;

Renewable energy system feasibility study grant applications through April 30,
2013.

During Schneider's tenure as State Director, 69 North Dakota projects have been
awarded Renewable Energy grants for a total investment of $3.1 million. More
information on how to apply for funding is available in the March 29, 2013
Federal Register, pages 19183-19190 or by contacting the USDA Rural Development
office at (701)530-2037.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Energy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Turtle Mountain Star


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Western Star (Coldwater, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 29, 2010

Announces Funding for Market-based Approaches to Conservation

BYLINE: The Western Star staff

LENGTH: 522  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has announced the availability of
approximately $25 million in Fiscal Year (FY) 2010 to fund projects designed to
stimulate the development and adoption of innovative conservation approaches and
technologies, through its Conservation Innovation Grants (CIG)inFY2010.

"USDA's investment in these grants will advance our goal of producing long-term
dividends in environmental enhancement and protection," Agriculture Secretary
Tom Vilsack said.

"The grants will assist producers in using market-based approaches to
conservation and innovative technologies that can put conservation on the land."

USDA will use these competitive grants to seek creative solutions to assist
producers with emerging and traditional agricultural and natural resource
issues. In addition to market-based approaches to conservation, emerging issues
include energy conservation, specialty crops, and new methods of tackling
climate change.

The grants also will fund solutions to improve water, soil and air quality,
improve nutrient management, and enhance wildlife habitat and pollinator
populations. The USDA Natural Re

sources Conservation Service (NRCS) administers CIG.

CIG, a component of NRCS's Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP),
provides competitive grants to federally-recognized Indian tribes, state and
local units of governments, non-governmental organizations and individuals. CIG
funds one-to-three year projects that targets innovative on-the-ground
conservation, including pilot projects and field demonstrations. The maximum
federal contribution for each project is $1 million.

The $25 million in CIG funding will be divided into three categories: * National
- Approximately $15 million will be available for proposals that address
specific CIG resource concerns nationwide such as energy conservation and
climate change. * The other two categories are the Mississippi River Basin and
Chesapeake Bay Watershed and each have $5 million in funding for CIG.

USDA encourages beginning farmers and ranchers, limited resource farmers or
ranchers, Indian tribes or community-based organizations that service these
groups to apply for grants. Ten percent of the total funding is being set aside
for this purpose.

USDA will use a two-phased approach to award CIGs this fiscal year. Applicants
must submit pre-proposals to NRCS's National Headquarters in Washington, D.C. by
close of business on Monday, April 26,2010. Applications will be accepted from
the 50 states, Caribbean Area (Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands) and the
Pacific Islands Area (Guam, American Samoa and the Commonwealth of the Northern
Mariana Islands). Full applications for selected pre-proposals must be submitted
by June 4,2010.

All CIG projects must include agricultural producers who meet EQIP eligibility
requirements. For more information about the EQIP eligibility requirements,
please visit Www.nrcs.usda.gov/pro-grams/eqip.

Information about the CIG Announcement of Program Funding can be found at
www.grants.gov where applicants can apply electronically, and at the CIG Web
page at www.nrcs.usda.gov/technical/cig/index.html.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WSS

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2010 The Western Star


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                 July 18, 2012

Use Home-Grown Solutions - FAO

LENGTH: 434 words


VISITING Food and Agriculture Organisation director-general Dr Jose Graziano Da
Silva yesterday challenged agricultural research scientists and other
stakeholders to develop local solutions to tackle challenges.

He said they should not always rely on external help. Dr Da Silva made the
remarks when he addressed scientists and other players that included officials
from the Ministry of Agriculture, Mechanisation and Irrigation Development,
inputs suppliers and extension agents attending a meeting in Harare.

"Look at your own capacities and use home-grown solutions to deal with problems.
You must look internally to mobilise resources and use your knowledge before
looking externally for funding.

"We also want local and regional research centres to partner FAO and form a web
of some kind to bring together their expertise and promote competitive
agricultural production.

"We have seed money for such programmes.

"We have been doing it in Latin America and it can also work here," Dr Da Silva
said.

He said research scientists should prepare a document on their strategies to
address challenges to farming and set priorities before presenting them to FAO,
which would then seek funding for the projects.

Researchers, he said, should provide farmers with information that allows them
to use technology efficiently and produce crops at relatively low costs while
boosting yields at the same time.

"Our target is to increase production by between 50 and 70 percent by the year
2050 and this is only possible if we equip the smallholder farmers in particular
with information on the use of cheap but effective technologies," said Dr Da
Silva. He reiterated the need to eradicate hunger and malnutrition and
challenged Government

to increase its visibility in the agricultural sector by stimulating market
growth to facilitate the transition from subsistence to commercial production.

Director of Africa Centre for Fertiliser Development Dr Samuel Muchena, who also
attended the meeting, said the biggest challenge farmers were facing was lack of
access to affordable funding.

"Funding naturally underlies farmers' capacity to fully utilise fertilisers,
infrastructure and even the soils and boost production," he said.

Seed Co Zimbabwe managing director Mr Denias Zaranyika said there was need for
radical intervention to save the farmers as most of them had lost capital
investment they had during the transition from Zimbabwe to the United States of
America dollar.

The FAO boss, Dr Da Silva, is on a two-day visit to Zimbabwe. He also held a
closed-door meeting with Deputy Prime Minister Professor Arthur Mutambara.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 2, 2011

Carper, Coons, Carney announce $28,300,000 to expand infrastructure;
Funding will benefit more than 9,000 residents in Kent and Sussex

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 495  words


U.S. Sen. Tom Carper and Sen. Chris Coons, and Rep. John Carney on Aug. 29
announced a total of $28,300,000 in U.S. Department of Agriculture funding for
Delaware Electric Cooperative Inc. to build 587 miles of new-power distribution
lines, improve 55 miles of existing distribution lines, and make other electric
power infrastructure improvements. This funding will benefit more than 9,000
residents in Kent and Sussex counties.

"This is Welcome news for the First State, particularly for our agricultural
community," Carper said. "Investments in smart-grid technologies provide homes
and businesses with reliable, economical and sustainable energy services. This
critical federal funding will support key technology enhancements for Delaware
Electric Cooperative Inc., creating much-needed jobs, better service and
additional economic growth for farms and families in Kent and Sussex counties. I
thank the administration for its support and will continue to work with the
administration and my colleagues in Congress on other initiatives to help our
rural and agricultural communities in the First State and across the country."

"Delaware's agricultural communities need access to dependable and
cost-efficient power sources," Coons said. "Upgrading and expanding the electric
infrastructure in Kent and Sussex counties will not only provide areas with
additional power, but will help create high-quality jobs in Delaware. I
wholeheartedly welcome this funding, which will brighten Delaware's rural
communities and our state's economy."

"With the events of this past weekend, we've seen the importance of a dependable
electric infrastructure for emergency situations, as well as for the daily needs
of Delaware businesses and residents," Carney said. "I applaud the Delaware
Electric Co-op's efforts to maintain and expand their reliable, efficient
in-frastructure, while creating needed jobs for Delaware workers." The USDA
Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service also announced $900 million in
national funding to rural electric cooperative utilities for smart-grid
technologies and improvements to generation and transmission facilities. These
loans, which help electric utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural
America's electric infrastructure, will benefit more than 19,000 rural consumers
in 14 states.

"Rural electric cooperatives provide direct jobs and support economic growth in
our rural communities," U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said. "By
financing electrical system improvements, USDA and the Obama administration help
ensure sustainable growth and business job creation. Investments in smart-grid
technologies will give rural electric utilities and their consumers one more
tool to better manage use of electricity, increase reliability and lower costs."
The total national amount awarded by the USDA through its RUS program will help
build nearly 1,500 miles of line and improve more than 1,700 miles of existing
line in rural areas.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2011 Cape Gazette


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 12, 2016

Apply by April 15 for funding on tax ditch projects in Sussex County

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 353  words


Sussex County landowners can now sign up for special funding to restore eroded
banks on tax ditches for improved water quality. Approximately $500,000 is
available to restore tax ditches, or watershed channels, utilizing vegetative
material such as coir logs and live stakes, also known as green technology or
bioengineering. Stabilizing the banks will reduce or eliminate erosion, thereby
minimizing transport of sediments and nutrients into surface and ground water.
Landowners are encouraged to apply by Friday, April 15, to implement practices
such as stream and shoreline protection, or stream habitat improvement and
management. Additional partner funds will help landowners implement denitrifying
bioreactors and water-control structures, which are also designed to reduce
amounts of nutrients in tax ditches for enhanced water quality. Projects must be
on agricultural lands.

Interested applicants must meet eligibility requirements of the Environmental
Quality Incentives Program, which is administered by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Natural Resources Conservation Service. NRCS accepts applications
year-round; however, all applications received by the first application deadline
of April 15 will be ranked and considered for funding. This Watershed Channel
Restoration Project in Sussex County was selected as part of the Regional
Conservation Partnership Program administered by NRCS. The project is led by the
Sussex Conservation District and participating partners include the state's
Division of Watershed Stewardship, Sussex County's Tax Ditch Organizations and
Advanced Drainage Systems. The project will increase the implementation of green
technology/bioengineered practices in tax ditch drainage systems utilizing
natural vegetative material for stabilization purposes.

Delaware NRCS works with the Delaware Conservation Districts to address resource
concerns on privately owned agricultural and forest lands. To sign up for this
project or for more information, contact the USDA Service Center at 302-856-3990
Ext. 3, visit 21315 Berlin Road, Unit 4, Georgetown or go to
www.de.nrcs.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2016 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2016 Cape Gazette


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 The Foothills Sun-Gazette (Exeter, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 27, 2013

State Water Board releases nitrate recommendations;
UC ANR to train crop advisers in nitrogen management to prevent groundwater
contamination, improve drinking water for small, rural communities

BYLINE: The Foothills Sun-Gazette staff

LENGTH: 806  words


Last week the State Water Resources Control Board released its recommendations
to the Legislature for addressing nitrate in groundwater. These 15
recommendations reflect a comprehensive strategy focused on the following four
key areas:

Providing Safe Drinking Water. Creating a reliable, stable funding source,
integrated with institutional changes, to provide long-term safe drinking water
infrastructure and interim solutions for the small disadvantaged communities
impacted by nitrate contamination.

Monitoring, Assessment and Notification. Developing and managing the data
necessary to identify and effectively manage nitrate contaminated groundwater,
with particular attention focused on (1) defining nitrate high-risk areas in
order to prioritize regulatory oversight and assistance efforts in these areas,
(2) notifying groundwater users in nitrate high-risk areas and (3) requiring
property owners to sample their well as part of a property title transfer or
purchase.

Nitrogen Application Reporting. Developing and implementing a statewide nitrogen
fertilizer application reporting system to effectively monitor nitrate
application.

Protecting Groundwater. Developing an effective statewide regulatory system for
minimizing discharges of nitrates to groundwater, including (1) establishing a
nutrient management certification program which recognizes the importance of
water quality protection, (2) convening a task force of experts to identify and
evaluate components of existing agricultural nitrate control programs for
managing nitrate in groundwater, and (3) evaluating the effectiveness of
existing permits for food processing and wastewater treatment facilities to
address nitrate contamination in high-risk areas. The recommendations are based
on a UC Davis study commissioned by the water board and released last March
tided "Addressing Nitrate in California's, Drinking Water," which focused on the
Tulare Lake Basin of the San Joaquin Valley and the Salinas Valley in Monterey
County.

A majority of the report recommendations rely on identifying a funding source
for successful implementation. The regulatory, monitoring, education and
research recommendations can draw from existing programs with dedicated funding.
The provision of safe drinking water for disadvantaged communities will require
a new funding source. Existing funding available are the Safe Drinking Water
State Revolving Fund (SRF), which is capitalized with federal grants, and state
bond funds. Disadvantaged community demand outweighs limited existing funding
through the SRF. There is a need to identify a new funding source, which can be
used in combination with existing funding sources, to design, build, operate and
maintain safe drinking water systems for disadvantaged communities. This report
gives recommendations to the Legislature on the issue of funding.

To help farmers better combat the spread of nitrates, UC Agriculture and Natural
Resources will offer nitrogen management training to certified crop advisers
throughout the state. UC ANR scientists are working with the California
Department of Food and Agriculture to develop a curriculum and certification
program to protect water quality, as recommended by the State Water Resources
Control Board. The classes will begin in January 2014.

"While we know that farmers have already begun employing techniques to reduce
the amount of nitrogen fertilizer that can ultimately end up in our groundwater,
we also know that there are additional actions that can be taken," said Doug
Parker, director of UC's California Institute for Water Resources and leader for
the UC Agriculture and Natural Resources water strategic initiative.

"In our training for certified crop advisers, we will apply the latest UC
research to refine their methods for helping farmers manage nitrogen more
effectively." Parker said.

Plants need nitrogen to grow, but nutrients that are not used by the crop may
move below the root zone. Nitrate, a byproduct of nitrogen, may infiltrate to
groundwater used for drinking water.

Nitrate pollution in groundwater is a widespread water quality problem that can
pose serious health risks to pregnant women and in- fants if consumed in
significant concentrations. Nitrate contaminated groundwater is a particularly
significant problem in the Tulare Lake Basin and Salinas Valley areas, where
approximately 2.6 million people rely on groundwater for their drinking water,
including the Tulare County communities of Tooleville, Tonyville, Cutler-Orosi,
Lindsay, Lindcove and Lemon Cove.

For other examples of UC ANR research and extension projects under way to ensure
that all Californians have access to safe drinking water and that the state's
farmers can grow enough food to help meet the world's increasing demand, please
visit http://ucanr. edu/News/Healthy_ crops, safe water.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FSG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2013 The Foothills Sun-Gazette


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: USDA Invests More than $9 Million to Support Small Businesses in 12
States

LENGTH: 541  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the investment of more than
$9 million in loans and grants to support job growth and economic development in
12 states. The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program, through which USDA provides
zero-interest loans and grants to utilities that lend funds to local businesses
for projects to create and retain employment.





 "Small businesses are the cornerstone of the rural economy," Vilsack said.
"During the Obama Administration, USDA's investments have directly helped more
than 100,000 small business get off the ground or expand, and the projects
announced today will help 15 more rural communities see job growth and economic
development."



 One of the organizations selected for funding is the Crawford Electric
Cooperative in Bourbon, Mo. It has been approved for a $1 million loan to help
East Central College create a workforce development training facility on its
campus in Union, Mo. The facility will provide job training in manufacturing to
support workers and businesses in an eight-county region served by the college.
The project area includes counties where poverty is persistent as well as areas
designated for targeted assistance through USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth
and Opportunity Initiative. This project is expected to create 11 jobs.



 Winnebago Cooperative Telecom Association in Lake Mills, Iowa, is being
selected for a $780,000 loan to help All States Ag Parts relocate to a larger
facility in Lake Mills. Funds will be used to purchase machinery, equipment and
inventory. This project is expected to create 51 jobs.



 Under today's announcement, USDA is investing in 15 projects to create jobs and
expand economic opportunity in rural communities. Funding of each award
announced today is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the loan
or grant agreement.



 USDA Rural Development has a strong track record of strengthening rural
businesses and economies through its Rural Business-Cooperative Service. For
example, in 2015, Four County EMC used a $2 million REDLG loan to help Acme
Smoked Fish Corp. in Pender County, N.C., buy equipment to process and smoke
salmon, herring and other fish. Pender County has struggled since the economic
downturn in the late 2000s. The REDLG loan has brought more than 120 full-time
jobs to the region. Since 2009, USDA has invested more than $330 million in
loans and grants through the REDLG program.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested $11 billion to start or expand 103,000 rural businesses;
helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 7,000 community
facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities; financed
185,000 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines; and helped bring
high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           August 22, 2001 Wednesday

OK legislator believes federal farm bill could hurt conservation efforts

BYLINE: Marie Price

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 403 words


A pending version of the federal farm bill could jeopardize locally led Oklahoma
conservation efforts, the vice chair of the House Agriculture Committee said
Tuesday.

Himself a farmer/rancher, Rep. Clay Pope, D-Loyal, said that HR 2646, as passed
by the U.S. House's agriculture panel, increases funding for some federal
conservation programs, but at possibly great cost to Oklahoma farmers and
ranchers.

Pope said that the new bill would not provide adequate funding for the technical
support needed to implement both federal and local conservation programs.

It mandates that support be diverted to federal programs. Pope said this would
essentially cut off popular local programs such as the Oklahoma cost-share
program, as well as support to agriculture producers who use technical
assistance for conservation projects they fund themselves.

"Oklahoma, like many other states, has made a strong commitment to water
quality, controlling soil erosion and helping farmers and ranchers with
conservation needs through locally led voluntary programs," said Pope. "It's
imperative that Congress provide our local conservation districts with the
resources they need to continue these voluntary efforts, because without them we
run the risk of more state and federal environmental regulations."

Even with the enhanced funding for federal conservation programs, Pope said,
many farmers and ranchers may still not receive federal cost-share assistance
and could lose the technical support they receive from local conservation
districts due to the federal bill.

"Our state cost-share program, watershed rehabilitation efforts in areas such as
Eucha, Fort Cobb reservoir and Turkey Creek and our state streambank
stabilization programs could be put at risk," Pope said.

The problem needs to be addressed by Oklahoma congressional delegation, the
lawmaker added.

Pope pointed out that Oklahoma has several high-ranking members of Congress in
its delegation, including Rep. Frank Lucas, who chairs the subcommittee with
oversight of the conservation title of the new legislation.

"I have always considered Mr. Lucas a friend of conservation, and this must have
been an oversight by his subcommittee when they prepared the conservation title
of the new farm bill," Pope said. "I sincerely hope Mr. Lucas will help correct
this oversight when the farm bill reaches the floor of the full House of
Representatives."

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 20, 2005 Sunday

Ag officials to boost mad cow research

LENGTH: 236 words


WASHINGTON (AP) -- The government will spend an additional $2 million on
research into mad cow disease, the Agriculture Department said Friday. The money
will pay for collaboration with laboratories in Great Britain, Italy and Spain.

Funds will also go toward a facility being built in Ames, Iowa, for long-term
study spanning at least the next decade. The funding comes on top of the $4.7
million the Agriculture Department will spend this year to research the disease.
President Bush has proposed increasing funding to $12 million in 2006. Boosting
research to better understand mad cow and other infections will make the
nation's food supply more secure, Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns said in a
speech to the National Restaurant Association's Food Safety Summit in
Washington. Commonly called mad cow disease, bovine spongiform encephalopathy is
a brain-wasting ailment that, in humans, causes a variant form of
Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease. That disease is a degenerative, fatal brain disorder
that has killed more than 150 people, mostly in Britain, where there was an
outbreak in the 1990s. In North America, four cows tested positive in 2003 and
2005 for mad cow disease. Three were in Canada; one was in the United States,
although it had been imported from Canada. Also Friday, the department said it
had awarded $5 million to 17 colleges and universities to set up a Food Safety
Research and Response Network.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2005 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 2, 2010 Tuesday

BRIEF: CSU gets funding for animal studies

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 212 words


Feb. 2--WASHINGTON -- Colorado State University has been awarded more than
$800,000 to study animal health, reproduction, breeding, genetics and nutrition.

U.S. Rep. Betsy Markey, D-Colo., said the funding comes from the U.S. Department
of Agriculture's National Institute of Food and Agriculture. The grants were
awarded in three parcels and totaled $813,082, Markey said in a press release.

"The last year has been extremely tough for Colorado farmers and ranchers, and
the animal agriculture industry faces additional challenges from animal
diseases, reduced fertility, low nutrition and growth, and non-tariff trade
barriers. We need to support and protect our food supply, and these grants will
help keep Colorado's animal agriculture industry strong, competitive, and help
provide safer and more affordable animal products," Markey said in the release.

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Greeley Tribune, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100202-GY-BRF-CSU-gets-funding-for-animal-studies-0202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2010 Greeley Tribune


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Decorah Journal (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 28, 2013

NICC Board discusses adult literacy program

BYLINE: The Decorah Journal staff

LENGTH: 392  words


A bill at the state Legislature could increase funding for adult literacy at
community colleges.

In her update report to the NICC Board of Trustees Monday, Dr. Wendy
Mihm-Herold, NICC vice president of business and community solutions, shared
information on a legislative bill in Des Moines that would increase funding to
community colleges to support their adult literacy services programs, including
English Speakers of Other Languages (ESOL) and General Educational Development
(GED) coursework.

"We're really expanding but are continuing to lose funding for adult literacy
programs," said Mihm-Herold.

"The funding is gravely needed for our adult literacy department, and we are
hoping to see more stabilized funding so that we can see these programs only
grow."

Mihm-Herold shared research indicating 11 percent of residents in Northeast Iowa
have not obtained a high school diploma or GED. Adult literacy programs
available through NICC directly address these educational needs. Currently, 134
Hispanic and non-English speakers are also enrolled in ESOL classes in the NICC
district area.

In business and industry training news, Mihm-Herold received Board approval for
260E Iowa New Jobs Training Program funding in the amount of $190,000 for TM
Inc. of Dubuque. The training will support the company's expansion and creation
of 46 new jobs in the areas of office and clerical, material and logistical
planning.

The NICC Board of Trustees held a public hearing and approved final design plans
for a health simulation lab. Health simulation lab projects on each campus will
offer students in both credit and non-credit health care programs with
opportunities to train using computerized and programmable manikins that display
a range of health and emergency care scenarios.

Upcoming events

Dr. Liang Chee Wee, NICC president, shared news on an upcoming event scheduled
for Iowa's Dairy Center.

Wednesday, April 3, Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Bill Northey will speak on the
"Importance of Iowa Agriculture" at the Center starting at 2 p.m. Northey's
presentation is co-sponsored by the NICC Dairy Foundation and the NICC
Foundation.

NICC will hold its annual all-college day event at Upper Iowa University in
Fayette Thursday, March 28. All colleges and centers will be closed March 28, as
well as March 29 and April 1, in observance of the Easter holiday.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DEC

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 Decorah Journal


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

Baptist Health Foundation Corbin receives Telemedicine Funding to address opioid
epidemic in Appalachia

BYLINE: Brad Hall, The Times-Tribune, Corbin, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 432 words


July 14--CORBIN -- The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) awarded
Baptist Health Foundation Corbin, Inc. a $377,121 grant to help connect clinical
specialists to 10 school-based health centers and two primary care sites.

This project will provide mental, behavioral and psychiatric care services in
high poverty StrikeForce areas and Kentucky's southeastern Promise Zone.

The StrikeForce and Promise Zone initiatives are part of the Obama
Administration and USDA's efforts to target investments to areas of persistent
economic hardships.

While Baptist Health Corbin offers a wide variety of programs, these programs
are often not easily accessible to patients due to location.

Telemedicine offers the ability to extend the reach of the highly-qualified
providers at Baptist Health Corbin.

For patients, transportation and the geography of the region are considered
barriers to accessing care. The service area is mountainous and navigating
secondary roads is difficult and time consuming. Inclement weather conditions in
the winter frequently force the closing of local schools due to road conditions.

The primary goal of this project is to expand behavioral health and psychiatric
consultation into the schools and two Baptist Health Primary care sites located
in Williamsburg and Barbourville and Grace Community Health Center (GCHC).

"Partnering with Grace Community Health Center, telemedicine will offer a unique
opportunity to maximize resources and reach isolated communities with healthcare
services that are not otherwise available," said Larry Gray, President at
Baptist Health Corbin. "While this project cannot address the economic barrier
of poverty directly, a telemedicine program can ease the financial burden of
accessing care."

This program allows Baptist Health Corbin to provide more services within local
rural communities, he added.

It was learned that each school has a nurse who oversees care for the students,
and that this telemedicine program will aid care coordination between the
student's primary care provider, specialists and parents.

Telemedicine will also help provide additional primary care services in the
school setting.

The schools in this proposed project serve 5,673 students.

In 2015, GCHC served 2,844 students in their school-based health centers. In
2016, this number is expected to be even higher because the school-based clinics
will be fully operational in all four school districts represented.

___ (c)2016 The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Ky.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Corbin,
Ky.) at www.thetimestribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160714-KB-Baptist-Health-Foundation-Corbin-receives-Telemedicine-
Funding-to-address-opioid-epidemic-in-Appalachia-0714-20160714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KB


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Tribune


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Hoeven: Senate Agriculture Appropriations Bill Includes Support for
Ag Research & Production, Rural Development

LENGTH: 552  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven today announced that the Senate Appropriations Committee,
on which he serves, has approved the Fiscal Year (FY) 2017 Agriculture
Appropriations Bill. Hoeven worked with his fellow appropriators to secure
funding across a wide variety of programs at the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) that support priorities for universities, farmers, ranchers and rural com
unities across North Dakota and the nation.





 "Our farmers, ranchers and the rural com unities where they live and work are a
vibrant and vital part of our nation's economy," Hoeven said. "This funding will
support agriculture production in North Dakota and across the country, while
also helping to ensure that our rural residents have a high quality of life and
access to essential services."



 The funding bill provides support for the following programs for FY17:



 AGRICULTURE RESEARCH

 o National Institutes for Food and Agriculture (NIFA) - $1.364 billion - NIFA
is critical to funding agriculture research, cooperative forestry and
cooperative extension programs at America's land-grant institutions, such as
North Dakota State University, and Native American colleges and universities.
Includes funding for research in support of alfalfa and potato production.

 o Agricultural Research Service (ARS) - $1.178 billion - ARS is USDA's in-house
research arm and maintains facilities such as the North Dakota's Red River
Valley Agricultural Research Center in Fargo. Includes funding to organize
cooperative projects to develop effective methods for com ating the sclerotinia
fungus that affects sunflowers, soybeans, canola, edible beans, peas and
lentils.



 FARMERS & RANCHERS

 o Wildlife Damage Management - $102 million - Helps protect human health while
also preventing and managing damage to natural resources, public infrastructure,
private property and agriculture production due to conflicts with wildlife.

 o Value-Added Producer Grants - $10.75 million - Helps agricultural producers
enter into value-added activities related to the processing and marketing of
bio-based products.

 o Water Bank Program - $4 million - Continues the Hoeven Water Bank initiative,
providing com ensation for farmers and landowners for flooded land through
10-year, voluntary conservation agreements, which is especially helpful for
Devils Lake producers.



 RURAL COMMUNITIES

 o Community Facilities Loan Guarantees - $156.25 million - Supports capital
investments in rural America and enables the development of essential com unity
facilities.

 o Distance Learning and Telemedicine Grants - $37 million - Funds capital
improvements, primarily for equipment, for distance learning and telemedicine
projects that serve rural residents.

 o Rural Cooperative Development Grants - $22.3 million - Supports the
establishment and operation of centers for rural cooperative development, which
work to improve economic conditions in rural areas through new or improved
cooperatives.

 o Circuit Rider Program - $17 million - Supports USDA's successful
public-private partnership to provide technical expertise and training to rural
water systems.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 5, 2004 Tuesday

Senatorial candidates duel in press conferences

BYLINE: Ray Carter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 997 words


Hours before their next official debate was scheduled to begin at the University
of Central Oklahoma, Oklahoma's two major U.S. Senate candidates sparred in
dueling press conferences.

Democrat Brad Carson touted his support for education while Republican Tom
Coburn touted his support for agriculture, and both men accused the other of
failing to do the same.

Both candidates claimed his opponent was taking votes out of context and
misrepresenting the real record.

Surrounded by Oklahoma farmers and ranchers at a morning press conference,
Coburn touted his support of agriculture and criticized Carson for opposing
repeal of the estate tax, which Coburn said is crucial to the survival of family
farms.

"The one critical thing for these gentlemen and ladies behind me is how do you
pass on the family farm," Coburn said. "If you die in 2010, you're going to be
fortunate; if you die in 2011, 55 percent of that farm is going to go to the
federal government. They've already paid the taxes on assets that they've built;
there's no reason that they should be taxed again. And it's critical that we
have permanent elimination of the estate tax."

Coburn said he would work to make the U.S. Department of Agriculture efficient
so that "the dollars that it spends are dollars that are spent to enhance
agriculture, not to enhance the bureaucracy."

He also noted that he received the "Friend of the Farmer Award by the Oklahoma
Farm Bureau" in each of his three terms in the U.S. House of Representatives.

"There's no question that my support for agriculture has been unwavering,"
Coburn said.

U.S. Rep. Frank Lucas, R-Cheyenne, noted he and Coburn voted the same way more
than 90 percent of the time when both were in Congress and said he and Coburn
both supported the 1996 federal farm bill, "the most dramatic change in farm
policy since the original act in '33."

"He supported making sure that farmers had flexibility and the resources that
were provided in that '96 farm bill," Lucas said.

In comparison, Lucas noted that he and Carson voted the same way only 64 percent
of the time.

"Not only do I trust him with the future of Oklahoma and agriculture in the
United States Senate, but Tom Coburn is the kind of guy I would trust my very
life with, the lives of my family, in his role as a medical doctor," Lucas said.
"He's that kind of individual."

Carson said he has supported permanent repeal of the estate tax on all but one
occasion the issue has come before Congress. He said that one instance of
opposition occurred as the war in Iraq was looming.

"That was not the time, in my mind, to be making irreversible fiscal decisions
for our country as we weren't really sure what was going on," Carson said.

At an afternoon press conference surrounded by teachers, Carson touted his
support for education funding and accused Coburn of opposing federal aid to
state schools.

Carson accused Coburn of opposing federal Perkins loans that support CareerTech
schools. Coburn said he supported Perkins loans when he had the chance to vote
for the funding independent of other spending measures and noted that Carson had
voted against Perkins funding on Sept. 8, 2004.

Carson called for "reform" of the federal No Child Left Behind Act by setting
"realistic goals" for students and developing new ways to "test the real
progress students make."

He also called for an increase in federal spending to implement the act, calling
it an unfunded mandate. (State officials have said the act has been fully funded
during its first years of implementation.)

Carson said he would fight to fund early childhood education, support teachers,
and oppose school consolidation and school vouchers.

"There are few issues where Tom Coburn and I see it so very differently," Carson
said. "He would oppose each of these things, saying that there is no role at all
for the federal government in public education."

He said Coburn has supported abolishing the federal Department of Education and
supported "severe, radical cuts" in education funding.

Carson said he had obtained more than $7 million in grants for Oklahoma schools
in the 2nd Congressional District in the past four years, had worked to increase
Pell Grants scholarships for poor students, and increased aid to college
students who become teachers.

John Hart, a spokesman for the Coburn campaign, said Coburn supports a "very
limited" role for the federal government and wants "to send as many dollars"
back to Oklahoma "as possible."

"Brad Carson believes in a Washington-knows-best mentality in which the federal
government micromanages education from D.C.," Hart said. "Tom Coburn believes in
empowering local communities to make their own decisions about education."

In comments posted on his campaign Web site, Coburn noted his support for
boosting federal funding to the classroom.

"I was a co-sponsor of legislation expressing the sense of the House of
Representatives that 95 percent of Federal education dollars be spent in the
classroom," Coburn said.

Coburn also said he "would have voted against No Child Left Behind law" and
would "oppose future efforts to further expand the federal role in education."

Coburn also noted there are more than 760 federal education programs, "which
mean there are hundreds of bureaucrats in Washington, D.C., consuming financial
resources before it gets to the classroom."

Even as he criticized Coburn for voting to cut federal spending, Carson vowed
Monday to do the same thing to pay for the new spending initiatives he proposed.

"I've said every new spending program has to be offset with cuts elsewhere,"
Carson aid.

However, he did not specify what areas of government would be cut, other than to
say he would close corporate loopholes, reduce "waste, fraud and abuse," and
generate savings on the national debt.

"In the short term, there are some budget cuts that we could have that would
allow us to adequately fund these programs," Carson said.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 5, 2004 Tuesday

Senatorial candidates continue to blast each other

BYLINE: Ray Carter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 997 words


Hours before their next official debate was scheduled to begin at the University
of Central Oklahoma, Oklahoma's two major U.S. Senate candidates sparred in
dueling press conferences.

Democrat Brad Carson touted his support for education while Republican Tom
Coburn touted his support for agriculture, and both men accused the other of
failing to do the same.

Both candidates claimed his opponent was taking votes out of context and
misrepresenting the real record.

Surrounded by Oklahoma farmers and ranchers at a morning press conference,
Coburn touted his support of agriculture and criticized Carson for opposing
repeal of the estate tax, which Coburn said is crucial to the survival of family
farms.

"The one critical thing for these gentlemen and ladies behind me is how do you
pass on the family farm," Coburn said. "If you die in 2010, you're going to be
fortunate; if you die in 2011, 55 percent of that farm is going to go to the
federal government. They've already paid the taxes on assets that they've built;
there's no reason that they should be taxed again. And it's critical that we
have permanent elimination of the estate tax."

Coburn said he would work to make the U.S. Department of Agriculture efficient
so that "the dollars that it spends are dollars that are spent to enhance
agriculture, not to enhance the bureaucracy."

He also noted that he received the "Friend of the Farmer Award by the Oklahoma
Farm Bureau" in each of his three terms in the U.S. House of Representatives.

"There's no question that my support for agriculture has been unwavering,"
Coburn said.

U.S. Rep. Frank Lucas, R-Cheyenne, noted he and Coburn voted the same way more
than 90 percent of the time when both were in Congress and said he and Coburn
both supported the 1996 federal farm bill, "the most dramatic change in farm
policy since the original act in '33."

"He supported making sure that farmers had flexibility and the resources that
were provided in that '96 farm bill," Lucas said.

In comparison, Lucas noted that he and Carson voted the same way only 64 percent
of the time.

"Not only do I trust him with the future of Oklahoma and agriculture in the
United States Senate, but Tom Coburn is the kind of guy I would trust my very
life with, the lives of my family, in his role as a medical doctor," Lucas said.
"He's that kind of individual."

Carson said he has supported permanent repeal of the estate tax on all but one
occasion the issue has come before Congress. He said that one instance of
opposition occurred as the war in Iraq was looming.

"That was not the time, in my mind, to be making irreversible fiscal decisions
for our country as we weren't really sure what was going on," Carson said.

At an afternoon press conference surrounded by teachers, Carson touted his
support for education funding and accused Coburn of opposing federal aid to
state schools.

Carson accused Coburn of opposing federal Perkins loans that support CareerTech
schools. Coburn said he supported Perkins loans when he had the chance to vote
for the funding independent of other spending measures and noted that Carson had
voted against Perkins funding on Sept. 8, 2004.

Carson called for "reform" of the federal No Child Left Behind Act by setting
"realistic goals" for students and developing new ways to "test the real
progress students make."

He also called for an increase in federal spending to implement the act, calling
it an unfunded mandate. (State officials have said the act has been fully funded
during its first years of implementation.)

Carson said he would fight to fund early childhood education, support teachers,
and oppose school consolidation and school vouchers.

"There are few issues where Tom Coburn and I see it so very differently," Carson
said. "He would oppose each of these things, saying that there is no role at all
for the federal government in public education."

He said Coburn has supported abolishing the federal Department of Education and
supported "severe, radical cuts" in education funding.

Carson said he had obtained more than $7 million in grants for Oklahoma schools
in the 2nd Congressional District in the past four years, had worked to increase
Pell Grants scholarships for poor students, and increased aid to college
students who become teachers.

John Hart, a spokesman for the Coburn campaign, said Coburn supports a "very
limited" role for the federal government and wants "to send as many dollars"
back to Oklahoma "as possible."

"Brad Carson believes in a Washington-knows-best mentality in which the federal
government micromanages education from D.C.," Hart said. "Tom Coburn believes in
empowering local communities to make their own decisions about education."

In comments posted on his campaign Web site, Coburn noted his support for
boosting federal funding to the classroom.

"I was a co-sponsor of legislation expressing the sense of the House of
Representatives that 95 percent of Federal education dollars be spent in the
classroom," Coburn said.

Coburn also said he "would have voted against No Child Left Behind law" and
would "oppose future efforts to further expand the federal role in education."

Coburn also noted there are more than 760 federal education programs, "which
mean there are hundreds of bureaucrats in Washington, D.C., consuming financial
resources before it gets to the classroom."

Even as he criticized Coburn for voting to cut federal spending, Carson vowed
Monday to do the same thing to pay for the new spending initiatives he proposed.

"I've said every new spending program has to be offset with cuts elsewhere,"
Carson aid.

However, he did not specify what areas of government would be cut, other than to
say he would close corporate loopholes, reduce "waste, fraud and abuse," and
generate savings on the national debt.

"In the short term, there are some budget cuts that we could have that would
allow us to adequately fund these programs," Carson said.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Lake Benton Valley Journal (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 25, 2013

Broadband services to improve for rural customers in four states;
U.S. Department of Agriculture

BYLINE: Lake Benton Valley Journal staff

LENGTH: 490  words


Agriculture Secretary Vilsack today announced loans to help finance the
construction of broadband networks in rural Iowa, Minnesota, Oregon and South
Dakota. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) remains focused on carrying
out its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty. Today's
announcement is One part of the Department's efforts to strengthen the rural
economy.

"Rural Americans need full access high-speed telecommunications services,"
Vilsack said. "Broadband allows rural communities to tap into critical health
care and social services systems. It also helps even the playing field in
education, and gives small-town businesses a chance to compete globally. As part
of the Obama Administration's goal to improve infrastructure, we will continue
to fund projects that expand broadband service in rural areas."

Today's funding announcement will provide almost $40 million from USDA's Rural
Utilities Service (RUS) to install fiber networks to improve telecommunications
capability in the three recipients' service areas. USDA's Telecommunications
Loan

Program finances infrastructure that enables access to a seamless, nationwide
telecommunications network.

The following recipients have been selected to receive telecommunications loan
financing. The funding is contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of
the loan agreements.

Iowa

Keystone-Farmers Cooperative Telephone Company will receive a $7.6 million loan
to upgrade its plant and complete a Fiber-to-the-Premises (FTTP) network to help
meet the current and future data needs of its customers in Benton and Tama
counties.

Oregon

Colton Telephone Company will receive a $7.3 million loan to complete an FTTP
network to provide enhanced broadband services for its customers. South Dakota
and Minnesota

Interstate Telecommunications Company, Inc. will receive a $24.9 million loan to
upgrade its plant and complete an FTTP network to provide enhanced broadband
services for its customers.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA has funded 557 projects in 48
states through $6.1 billion in telecommunications loan financing. Secretary
Vilsack noted that today's funding announcement is another reminder of the
importance of USDA programs for rural America. A comprehensive new Food, Farm
and Jobs Bill would further expand the rural economy-and he said that's just one
reason why Congress must get a comprehensive Food, Farm and Jobs Bill done as
soon as possible.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way --
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Technology

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LBJ

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2013 Lake Benton Valley Journal


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 19, 2014

Wildlife grant program open to state and tribes

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 297  words


Proposals are now being accepted for the Voluntary Public Access and Habitat
Incentive Program, a competitive $20 million grant program that gives state and
tribal governments opportunities for owners and managers of private lands to
make them available for public recreation.

The United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Natural Resources
Conservation Service (NRCS) will make the funds available to state and tribal
governments. Recipients can use the grant funding to create new or expand
existing public access programs. These programs provide financial incentives or
technical assistance, such as rental payments or wildlife habitat planning
services, to owners and managers who allow public access.

Applications are due by June 16 and should be completed at Grants.gov.

"Private lands provide diverse and healthy habitats, which are home to most of
our nation's wildlife," NRCS Chief Jason Weller said.

"Through the Voluntary Public Access and Habitat Incentive Program, states and
tribal governments have an important tool to expand access to private lands for
hunting, fishing, hiking and other recreation related to wildlife. It's not just
about enhancing wildlife habitat and management, but also about boosting local
economies with wildlife-dependent recreation opportunities."

Funding priority will be given to applications that propose to:

Maximize private lands acreage available to the public;

Ensure that land enrolled in the program has appropriate wildlife habitat;

Strengthen wildlife habitat improvement efforts;

Supplement funding and services from other federal or state agencies, tribes or
private resources; and

Provide information to the public about the location of public access land.

For more information, view the notice on Grants.gov or the program's website.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Turtle Mountain Star

                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                          September 16, 2004 Thursday

Bennett pushes funding for Interior, agriculture projects

BYLINE: Lee Davidson Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 526 words


WASHINGTON -- Thanks to prodding by Sen. Bob Bennett, R-Utah, Senate
appropriators on Wednesday tucked $36 million for Utah public lands projects and
$42 million for Utah agriculture projects into spending bills winding through
Congress.

Bennett, the only Utahn on an appropriations committee, is also chairman of its
agriculture subcommittee. He took advantage of that spot to win funding in the
annual agriculture appropriations bill for Utah projects ranging from $1 million
to fight Mormon cricket infestations to $20 million for drought relief and water
improvement projects.

In the separate Interior Appropriations bill, Bennett won funding ranging from
$5 million to help pay the federal share of the new Museum of Natural History at
the University of Utah to $509,000 to build a new 60-unit campground near Moab
just outside of Canyonlands National Park.

About such wins, Bennett said, "Despite limited funding this year, I am pleased
with the amount of assistance this bill provides Utah's agriculture community.
This is particularly important as our state continues to face extreme drought
conditions and other challenges burdening Utah farmers and ranchers."

Both the agriculture and Interior appropriations bills now go to the full Senate
for consideration.

Among other Utah projects funded in the agriculture bill:

-- $1 million for the Dry Creek Flood Restoration Project at Dimple Dell Park in
Sandy.

-- $249,000 for work on chronic wasting disease affecting deer and elk.

-- Funding for numerous projects at Utah State University, including $1 million
for the Utah Botanical Center; $900,000 for the Drought Management Initiative;
$1.14 million for its Air Quality Research Program; $1.6 million for its
Biotechnology and Genomics Research Center; $1.3 million for its Jack Berryman
Institute on wildlife disease threats; $750,000 for its Vegetation Manipulation
Research; $225,000 for its Pasture and Forage Research; and $1.67 million for
its Bee Biology and Systematics Laboratory.

Among other Utah public lands projects that Bennett tucked into the Interior
Appropriations bill are:

-- $750,000 for the Sand Hollow Recreation area in Washington County to develop
new campgrounds, trails and a staging area for horses and off-road vehicles.

-- $3.2 million for an initiative to restore habitat for the threatened sage
grouse.

-- Projects to buy land to prevent development in some pristine areas, including
$750,000 for the Pioneer Ranch near Park City; $2.3 million for viewshed near
Zion National Park; and $1 million for private land in the high Uinta Mountains.

-- $560,000 for a new dinosaur bone storage building at the Cleveland Lloyd
Dinosaur Quarry in Price.

-- $3 million for increased Bureau of Land Management activities overseeing oil
and gas development, including money to speed the processing of drilling
applications and environmental studies.

-- $100,000 to restore a Fish and Wildlife Service staff position in Cedar City
to assist in efforts to recover the desert tortoise and the prairie dog.

-- $184,000 to add sanitation facilities at the popular Browns Park and Massey
Junction recreation areas near Vernal. E-mail: lee@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Sedona Red Rock News (Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 12, 2015

Vilsack seeks change in USFS funding

BYLINE: Sedona Red Rock News staff

LENGTH: 725  words


For the first time in its 110-year history, the Forest Service, part of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, is spending more than 50 percent of its budget to
suppress the nation's wildfires.

A recently released report by the Forest Service estimates that within a decade,
the agency will spend more than two-thirds of its budget to battle
ever-increasing fires, while mission-critical programs that can help prevent
fires in the first place, such as forest restoration and watershed and landscape
management, will continue to suffer. Meanwhile, the report notes, these
catastrophic blazes are projected to burn twice as many acres by 2050.

As the costs of fighting wildfires grow each year with longer, hotter, more
unpredictable fire seasons, the report details how the Forest Service has
experienced significant shifts in staffing and resources.

In effect, the Forest Service has nearly half a billion dollars less, in 2015
dollars, than it did in 1995 to handle non-fire related programs -- the bulk of
its programming. There has also been a 39 percent loss of non-fire personnel,
from approximately 18,000 in 1998 to fewer than 11,000 in 2015, while the fire
staff has more than doubled.

Dedicated to its mission of protecting more than 190 million acres of federal
forests and grasslands, as well as lives and personal property from the growing
threats of catastrophic wildfire, the Forest Service in recent years has
absorbed skyrocketing costs related to fire and relied increasingly on "fire
transfer" -- moving resources from non-fire accounts to cover firefighting
costs.

"Climate change and other factors are causing the cost of fighting fires to rise
every year," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said. "But the way we fund our
Forest Service hasn't changed in generations. Meanwhile, everything else
suffers, from the very restoration projects that have been proven to reduce the
risk of catastrophic wildfires in the future, to watershed projects that protect
drinking water for one in five Americans, to recreation projects that support
thousands of jobs and billions of dollars of economic activity. The time has
come for Congress to change the way it funds the Forest Service."

Today, fire seasons are 78 days longer than in the 1970s. Since 2000, at least
10 states have had their largest fires on record. Increasing development near
forest boundaries also drives up costs, as more than 46 million homes and more
than 70,000 communities are at risk from wildfire in the United States.

"These factors are causing the cost of fighting fires to rise every year and
there is no end in sight," said Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell. "The release
of this report is very timely based on the current hectic pace of wildfires in
this country. We have been pointing out this challenge for the past few years,
but we have not been able to effectively address it through our current budget
process. It is important to keep the focus on this problem, ensure the
discussion continues and a solution to the funding problem be found."

By 2025, the cost of fire suppression is expected to grow to nearly $1.8
billion, according to today's report, but the Forest Service would be expected
to absorb those costs into its regular budget, which has remained relatively
flat. If these trends continue, the Forest Service will be forced to take an
additional $700 million over the next 10 years from all the other programs. No
other natural disasters are funded this way.

When fire suppression costs more than Congress appropriates to the Forest
Service in any given year, the agency is forced to transfer additional funds
from already depleted programs, called "fire transfer."

Vilsack said the bipartisan Wildfire Disaster Funding Act, already introduced in
the House and Senate, is an important step forward in addressing the funding
problems. The proposed legislation, which mirrors a similar proposal in
President Obama's fiscal year 2016 budget, would provide a fiscally responsible
mechanism to treat wildfires more like other natural disasters, end "fire
transfers" and partially replenish the ability to restore resilient forests and
protect against future fire outbreaks.

"We must treat catastrophic wildfire not like a routine expense, but as the
natural disasters they truly are," Vilsack said.

The full report is available on the Forest Service website.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SRR

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 Sedona Red Rock News

                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

CHRISTIE ADMINISTRATION AWARDED $707,000 IN FEDERAL GRANT FUNDS TO PROMOTE
GARDEN STATE AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS

LENGTH: 636  words

DATELINE: New York



 Trenton: Office of the public Defender, The State of New Jersey has Issued the
following news realease:



 The Christie Administration has received a $707,065 Specialty Crop Block Grant
to fund 11 initiatives to benefit Garden State crops such as fruits, vegetables,
as well as horticulture and nursery.



 The grants are part of the United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA)
efforts to promote specialty crops in the nation and stimulate food-and
agriculturally-based community economic development.  Specialty crops account
for $907 million in sales annually in the Garden State.

 "This federal funding will go a long way to educating and promoting the
benefits of produce and plants grown in the Garden State," said New Jersey
Secretary of Agriculture Douglas H. Fisher.  "One example provides funds for 20
new school gardens that will teach children about the benefits of eating fresh
fruits and vegetables and how we grow our food."

 Specialty crops include fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, horticulture, nursery
crops and floriculture.  Most of New Jersey agriculture falls into the specialty
crop category.

 To be eligible for the grant, projects are required to "enhance the
competitiveness" of specialty crops and might include, but are not limited to:
research, promotion, marketing, nutrition, trade enhancement, food safety, food
security, plant health programs, education, "buy local" programs, increased
consumption, increased innovation, improved efficiency and reduced costs of
distribution systems, environmental concerns and conservation, product
development and developing cooperatives.

 The New Jersey Department of Agriculture will use $342,000 of the funding to
support the popular Jersey Fresh and Jersey Grown programs.  The projects
support agricultural marketing and cooperative development.

 The projects to be funded by New Jersey's grant include:

 Jersey Fresh -- Increase sales of specialty crops through print and television
advertisements.
 New Jersey Agricultural Society - Increase student understanding and interest
in specialty crops, increase family consumption of specialty crops through
hands-on learning at school gardens hosted by 20 new schools.
 Atlantic County Board of Agriculture - Provide hands-on farm experience to
student interns pursuing a career in specialty crop agriculture.
 New Jersey Blueberry Growers Association - Promote New Jersey produced
blueberries through a consumer-oriented radio campaign.
 New Jersey Farmers' Direct Marketing Association - Support specialty crop
producers' ability to direct market their products and attract customers through
the development and expansion of electronic and print media marketing.
 Garden State Wine Growers Association - Increase sales of and prominently
promote New Jersey wines through the Jersey Fresh Wine Festival and introduction
into the retail and licensed beverage spaces in the state.
 New Jersey Nursery and Landscape Association - Increase New Jersey plant sales
through the marketing efforts of the Plant Something campaign.
 New Jersey Peach Promotion Council - Promote New Jersey peaches through print
media advertisements and various promotional events.
 Trenton Farmers Market - Increase sales of all specialty crops by marketing the
farmers market through local newspapers and radio stations, creating videos to
share on YouTube, and hosting at least seven cooking demonstrations at the
market.
 Tri-County Cooperative Market Association - Expand the number of customers who
purchase and increase the volume of products sold at the markets by enhancing
the website.
 The New Jersey grant is part of $63 million in 2016 Specialty Crop Block Grants
that will fund 755 projects throughout the nation.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  The Clinch County News (Homerville, Georgia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 18, 2013

USDA announces more than $18 million in grants for small businesses

BYLINE: The Clinch County News staff

LENGTH: 374  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) recently announced more than $18
million in grants to small businesses to conduct research and development that
will lead to technological innovations in the agriculture industry. The awards
were made by USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA).

"USDA grants to small businesses have spurred the development of hundreds of
technologies and products that help make American agriculture successful," said
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "Today's announcement is another example of
USDA's focus on science and research that can strengthen the economy and create
jobs across the nation. Innovative agricultural research has helped make
agriculture one of the two most productive industries in the U.S. economy since
1980, but we need a new Food, Farm and Jobs Bill passed if we are to sustain
it."

USDA made the grants through the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR)
program, with the goal to stimulate technological innovations in the private
sector and to strengthen the role of small businesses in meeting federal
research and development needs. The program also fosters and encourages
participation by women-owned and socially- or economically-disadvantaged small
business firms.

Companies initially apply for Phase I feasibility studies, which may be followed
by Phase II research and development projects. Phase I grants are limited to
$100,000 and a duration of eight months, while Phase II grants are limited to
$450,000 and a duration of 24 months.

Approximately 50 percent of Phase I projects continue onto Phase II.

In fiscal year 2013, USDA awarded $5,862,650 in Phase I grants and $12,417,504
in Phase II grants. A complete list of fiscal year 2013 SBIR awards is available
online: www.nifa.usda.gov/newsroom/news/2013news/sbir_grantees.html

Since 1983, the USDA SBIR program has awarded more than 2,000 research and
development grants to American-owned, independently operated, for-profit
businesses with 500 employees or fewer.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future.

More information is at www.nifa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCH

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 The Clinch County News

                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                                  June 3, 2009

Idaho to receive $44M in stimulus funds for national forest roads and bridges

BYLINE: IBR Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 162  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture is allocating $228 million in economic
stimulus funding for national forest roads and bridges, with Idaho receiving
nearly $44 million - the largest single disbursement.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the USDA Forest Service projects on
June 2. The stimulus funding was authorized by the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act and will go to support 106 projects in 31 states. In Idaho,
monies will pay for 11 projects throughout the state.



More than half the total dollars in funding release will go to Idaho, Oregon,
Montana, California and Washington. Oregon is set to receive the second largest
amount, with $32 million, followed by Montana, with $31.5 million.



Projects covered by the program range from road maintenance and decommissioning,
to watershed restoration and wildland fire management. A full list of projects
is available at the U.S. Forest Service's Web site (www.fs.fed.us) under the
heading "ARRA Projects".



LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Idaho Falls Post Register

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Fifteen projects get 2016 Specialty Crop funding

BYLINE: IDAHO DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE, Writer

LENGTH: 663 words

DATELINE: Idaho Falls, ID


BOISE - Fifteen specialty crop projects across Idaho have been submitted to the
USDA's Specialty Crop Block Grant Program for funding approval.

The state of Idaho's estimated allocation is $1,902,565 for these projects that
improve specialty crops throughout the state.

Specialty crops are defined to include fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried
fruits, horticulture and nursery crops, including floriculture. Eligible
projects are required to benefit more than one organization and solely enhance
the competitiveness of specialty crops. Many projects focus on increasing crop
sustainability, disease control, as well as marketing and promotion.

Eighteen grant applications were submitted to the Idaho Department of
Agriculture at a total request of just over $2.3 million. A panel of industry
representatives with experience in agriculture, business management, and/or
science reviewed and scored all applications, providing input to the state
Agriculture Department for the final selection. Fifteen projects were selected
for funding, including research, promotional and educational activities for
commodities such as potato, apple, onion, wine grape and nursery crops.

"This has been another great year of receiving high quality specialty crop grant
projects." commented Agriculture Director Celia Gould. "During the past eight
years of the program, over $9 million dollars of Federal funding has been
awarded and directly injected into Idaho's specialty crop industry."

The department's State Plan included 15 projects, selected for funding, and was
submitted to the USDA the first week of July. Final approval is expected from
the USDA by the end of September, with funding expected to be available sometime
in October or November.

For more information, contact Eric Boyington at eric.boyington@ISDA.Idaho.gov,
332-8537 or 332-8500.

The list of project applicants, project titles and funds requested includes:

· American Pulse Association, Increasing Consumer Knowledge and Awareness of
Pulse Crops through Education Programming, $132,900.

· Boise State University, Challenges and opportunities for expansion of the wine
grape production industry in Idaho, $75,638.

· Idaho Apple Commission, Increasing Sales, Creating Demand, and Building
Relationships for Idaho Apples with Idaho Retailers, $86,112.

· Idaho-E. Oregon Onion Committee, Filling Knowledge Gaps in order to Develop
Robust Disease Management Strategies for Fusarium Proliferatum in Onions,
$124,664\.

· Idaho-E. Oregon Onion Committee, Increasing Sales, Creating Demand, and
Developing Market Share in International Market, $61,000.

· Idaho Nursery & Landscape Association, Domestication, Propagation and
Commercialization of New-generation Native Plant Products for the Idaho Nursery
Industry, $99,284.

· Idaho Potato Commission, International Business Development for Idaho Potatoes
- Risk Mitigation During Transit, $93,684.

· Idaho Potato Commission, Identify Pale Cyst Nematode (PCN) effectors to
develop PCN resistance in potato, $109,316.

Idaho Preferred, Marketing Idaho Specialty Crops through Idaho Preferred
Advertising, Social Media, Public Relations and Retail Promotions, $222,000.

· Idaho Wine Commission, Raising Awareness and Promoting Idaho's Wine Quality,
$90,824.20.

· Idaho Wine Commission, Advancing Idaho's Vineyard Quality and Production,
$27,232.

· Northwest Nazarene University, Fruit Count App: A Fruit Crop Yield Estimation
System for Specialty Crop Growers in Idaho, $90,436.80.

· University of Idaho, Optimizing Harvest Date and Storage Life to Maximize
Yield and Quality of Nectarines and Peaches, $161,609.

· University of Idaho, Mitigation of Effects of the Tuber Necrotic Strains of
Potato Virus Y on Idaho Potato, $202,417.58.

· USDA-ARS, Commercial Vineyard Testing of Sensor-based Water Stress Index for
Precision Irrigation of Wine Grape, $112,516.68.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                The Westmoreland Journal (King George, Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 17, 2013

Rise in income means no sewer grants

BYLINE: The Westmoreland Journal staff

LENGTH: 365  words


Due to the recent rise in town residents' median income, reported by the U.S.
Census Bureau, Colonial Beach cannot qualify for grant funding for water and
sewer projects.

In May, the town applied' for funding through the Drinking Water State Revolving
Fund offered by the Department of Health. Since the application was submitted,
new census data confirmed the median income for Colonial Beach residents to be
$45,739/yr. This increase has limited the town's options for borrowing money for
water and sewer projects.

The town took one more step to apply to the Virginia Municipal League (VML), an
arm of the U.S. Department of Agriculture-Rural Development, for grant options.
But again, the rise in median income for Colonial Beach has restricted the VML
from offering grant money.

Town Manager Val Foulds reported to the town council last week that, "While
grant funding is not available for water and sewer projects, grant funding is,
and will continue to become available, for other community projects as a
percentage of total-projects' funding." Foulds clarified in a phone interview
Monday evening that projects such as replacing garbage trucks or emergency pumps
could still be eligible for grant funding. However only 15% of the total cost of
equipment is eligible for grant funding. The rest must be borrowed or paid out
of pocket.

In the meantime, Colonial Beach has applied to, and received a loan offer from,
The Department of Health, Office of Drinking Water in the amount of $3,972,566
through the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund.

The loan will be for a term of 20 years and requires no collateral. The interest
rate will be determined, but will be 1% below the prevailing market rate at the
time of the loan closing.

Written notification of acceptance of this offer was required by July 26.
Council voted unanimously last Thursday to accept the loan. This loan will help
fund the current sewer rehabilitation project, taking place in the Third St.
area.

The project involves replacing or relining sewer pipes to eliminate inflow and
infiltration of rainwater into the town's sewer lines. This reduces the amount
of run-off needing to be filtered by the wastewater treatment plant.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JWM

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2013 The Westmoreland Journal

                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces Nearly $13 Million in Funding for Four Tribal
Projects in Minnesota

LENGTH: 704  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack today announced funding to help the
Red Lake Band of Chippewa Indians with infrastructure for four essential
community facilities, ranging from public safety to health care and including
funds to construct a new chemical dependency treatment center in wake of the
rural opioid epidemic. Funding is provided through USDA's Community Facilities
program.





 "Over the last seven years, USDA has worked closely with tribal leaders to
support locally-driven solutions to improve economic opportunities in tribal
areas by increasing access to education, health care, broadband and business
development," Vilsack said. "These four projects will help the Red Lake Band of
Chippewa Indians ensure the health, safety, and well-being of its members and
local communities well into the future."



 USDA Rural Development has awarded a $4,950,000 direct loan to Red Lake Band to
build a new Chemical Dependency Treatment Center. The new 20,123-sq.-ft.
facility will be equipped with 16 beds, group meeting rooms, and visitation
areas - providing a safe, sanitary environment to help treat tribal members
suffering from substance misuse and chemical dependency. In January, President
Obama tapped Secretary Vilsack to lead an interagency task force focused on the
rural opioid epidemic. Recent efforts have helped identify effective tools to
reduce drug use and overdose, including evidence-based prevention programs,
prescription drug monitoring, medication-assisted treatment and the overdose
reversal drug naloxone. The funding for this treatment center is another example
of the USDA's efforts to address the opioid epidemic.



 Red Lake Nation, located in Beltrami County of northwestern Minnesota, will
receive a $2.2 million direct loan to construct a fire hall in the community of
Ponemah, one of several communities located in the area. The new facility will
offer state-of-the-art services including a training room, decontamination
space, and enough space to house the Department's fleet of trucks under one
roof. This new facility will help the community of Ponemah increase response
times and better meet the needs of the more than 700 local residents.



 After 46 years, the fire department in the City of Red Lake has reached the end
of its useful life and needs many repairs that are no longer economically
feasible. Red Lake Band will receive a $2.8 million direct loan to construct a
facility that will provide the resources necessary to serve the nearly 6,000
residents living on the reservation and serve as a back-up for the Ponemah fire
department.



 Finally, Red Lake Band will receive a $2,998,000 direct loan to increase its
renal dialysis center from five to 12 units, increasing the capacity to treat
local residents. This project will provide job opportunities at the local
hospital and decrease travel time for patients currently having to travel more
than 60 miles to get to the nearest facility.



 Since 2009, USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and Tribal
communities, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services.
USDA has provided more than $553.5 million in loans, loan guarantees and grants
to build or upgrade more than 300 Tribal facilities, and $55 million in loans to
support Native-owned businesses and promote economic development in Tribal
areas.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand 112,000 rural
businesses; helped 1.2 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200
community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities;
and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents
and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects
that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces Nearly $13 Million in Funding for Four Tribal
Projects in Minnesota

LENGTH: 704  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack today announced funding to help the
Red Lake Band of Chippewa Indians with infrastructure for four essential
community facilities, ranging from public safety to health care and including
funds to construct a new chemical dependency treatment center in wake of the
rural opioid epidemic. Funding is provided through USDA's Community Facilities
program.





 "Over the last seven years, USDA has worked closely with tribal leaders to
support locally-driven solutions to improve economic opportunities in tribal
areas by increasing access to education, health care, broadband and business
development," Vilsack said. "These four projects will help the Red Lake Band of
Chippewa Indians ensure the health, safety, and well-being of its members and
local communities well into the future."



 USDA Rural Development has awarded a $4,950,000 direct loan to Red Lake Band to
build a new Chemical Dependency Treatment Center. The new 20,123-sq.-ft.
facility will be equipped with 16 beds, group meeting rooms, and visitation
areas - providing a safe, sanitary environment to help treat tribal members
suffering from substance misuse and chemical dependency. In January, President
Obama tapped Secretary Vilsack to lead an interagency task force focused on the
rural opioid epidemic. Recent efforts have helped identify effective tools to
reduce drug use and overdose, including evidence-based prevention programs,
prescription drug monitoring, medication-assisted treatment and the overdose
reversal drug naloxone. The funding for this treatment center is another example
of the USDA's efforts to address the opioid epidemic.



 Red Lake Nation, located in Beltrami County of northwestern Minnesota, will
receive a $2.2 million direct loan to construct a fire hall in the community of
Ponemah, one of several communities located in the area. The new facility will
offer state-of-the-art services including a training room, decontamination
space, and enough space to house the Department's fleet of trucks under one
roof. This new facility will help the community of Ponemah increase response
times and better meet the needs of the more than 700 local residents.



 After 46 years, the fire department in the City of Red Lake has reached the end
of its useful life and needs many repairs that are no longer economically
feasible. Red Lake Band will receive a $2.8 million direct loan to construct a
facility that will provide the resources necessary to serve the nearly 6,000
residents living on the reservation and serve as a back-up for the Ponemah fire
department.



 Finally, Red Lake Band will receive a $2,998,000 direct loan to increase its
renal dialysis center from five to 12 units, increasing the capacity to treat
local residents. This project will provide job opportunities at the local
hospital and decrease travel time for patients currently having to travel more
than 60 miles to get to the nearest facility.



 Since 2009, USDA has significantly expanded its support for Tribes and Tribal
communities, providing $3.1 billion in Rural Development programs and services.
USDA has provided more than $553.5 million in loans, loan guarantees and grants
to build or upgrade more than 300 Tribal facilities, and $55 million in loans to
support Native-owned businesses and promote economic development in Tribal
areas.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand 112,000 rural
businesses; helped 1.2 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200
community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities;
and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents
and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects
that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              The Bath County News-Outlook (Owingsville, Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 10, 2013

Region starting to feel effects of federal government "shutdown"

BYLINE: The Bath County News-Outlook staff

LENGTH: 490  words


While the nation watch-es as Congress and President Barack Obama play chicken
with the federal budget following the failure of elected officials to come to an
agreement on a spending plan for government operations, the effects of the
"shutdown" are beginning to be felt across the county.

The lapse in government funding is now entering its second week, and area
residents are finding themselves affected in various way.

Those heading to Cave Run Lake have found all of the boat ramps barricaded and
recreation areas closed.

Travis Hobbs, maintenance mechanic at the U. S. Army Corps of Engineers Office
at Cave Run Lake, said on Monday that while the dam is still in operation, all
of its rec-reation areas, including

Stony Cove, High Bank, and Tailwater, are closed. He also confirmed that all
twelve of the boat ramps are closed.

Much of the region is tied to the U. S. Department of Agriculture, which
administers the National Forest Service and the Farm Service Administration.

Calls to the Cumberland Ranger Office, which administers this region of the
Daniel Boone National Forest, were met with a voice recording saying that the
office was closed due to lack of government funding.

A notice posted at the Daniel Boone National Forest website said, "Due to the
lapse in agency funding, the sale of all types of permits (i.e., recreation,
firewood, forest products, mineral materials for example) are suspended,
recreation.gov reservations are suspended, and all federally owned recreation
sites are closed. All offices are closed. These services will be available once
funding is restored. Law enforcement, fire suppression, and other essential
services will continue without interruption."

Recreation areas around the Red River Gorge, also located in the Daniel Boone
National Forest, are closed for the duration of the shutdown, including the
Gladie Environmental Center, Tunnel Ridge Road, Chimney Top Road, Rocky Bridge
Road, Sky Bridge Road, and Indian Creek Road. However, all National Forest lands
are open to foot traffic and backcountry camping is allowed.

Private camping areas around the Red River Gorge, such as Koomer Ridge and Red
River Adventure, are open.

Other U. S. Department of Agriculture offices have also been affected by the
federal shutdown. The local Farm Service Agency in Mt. Sterling, which serves
Bath and Menifee Counties, is closed, as are local Soil Conservation offices.

However, representatives of the said that Cooperative Extension Service offices
in both counties are still operating through their connection with the
University of Kentucky.

Thomas Dozier, Director of the Frenchburg Job Corps Center, said on Monday that
he did not have permission to discuss any furlough of employees at that
facility. The Job Corps Center is administered by the Department of Labor and
works with the U. S. Forest Service.

The News Outlook will continue to keep readers updated on this situation
affection our communities.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BAO

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                 Copyright 2013 The Bath County News - Outlook

                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Philipsburg Mail (Montana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 24, 2014

County residents receives grants

BYLINE: Philipsburg Mail staff

LENGTH: 458  words


The Montana Department of Agriculture announced the award of over $1.4 million
in grant funds for the development and implementation of noxious weed management
programs.

Among the recipients are those working on Granite County projects. Some
proposals received as much as $14,000 in funding. As many as 19 land owners
applied for a cost share grant for herbicides and commercial applications of
them.

They may have to pay back 50 percent of herbicide costs if they hire a
commercial applicator, says Dave Burch, Montana Department of Agriculture Weed
Program Manager.

"We all have a stake in combating the spread of noxious weeds at a statewide
level," states Ron de Yong in a press release. The director of the department of
agriculture and council chair adds, "The Noxious Weed Management Advisory
Council has a unique opportunity to look holisti-cally at the state's noxious
weeds and fund areas that are going to be the most effective."

The council this year reviewed over $2 million in proposals and awarded more
than $1.4 million in funds for education, research, and cooperative projects, de
Yong says.

The advisory council meets annually in March to diligently review applications
and make selections to assist counties, local communities, tribes, researchers
and educators in efforts to combat the most serious noxious weed protn lems in
Montana.

In total, 74 grant proposals were awarded funding, including 51 local
cooperative projects, 12 research projects, and 11 education projects.

In addition to the $1.4 million awarded, each of the 56 counties and 7
reservations in the state are eligible to receive $7,500 per year and a fund is
maintained for noxious weed emergencies.

"We look for projects that can help solve a variety of the noxious weed problems
facing our state," Burch says. "Noxious weeds impair agricultural crops,
diminish biodiversity, reduce property values, impact wildlife forage and
degrade fisheries." A new noxious weed, me-dusahead or medusahead wildrye, was
discovered last year in the western part of the state, with more knocking on the
U.S. border every year, Burch says.

The Montana Noxious Weed Trust Fund grant program was established by the Montana
Legislature in 1985.

The advisory council reviews applications, hears applicant testimony, and
provides funding recommendations to the director for final approval.

Funding is typically passed through a governmental organization, local weed
district, conservation district, extension office, or university.

Applications for the next cycle of grants are due by Dec. 1.

For more information, contact Burch at (406) 444-3140 or dburch@mt.gov

DeYoung encouraged Granite County residents to also contact Extension Agent Dan
Lucas at (406) 859-3304 or dlucas@co.granite.mt.us

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PHM

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 Philipsburg Mail

                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           February 6, 2014 Thursday

Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics applauds passage of Farm Bill, measures to
support access to healthy foods for millions

SECTION: ANALYTICAL APPLICATIONS; United States of America

LENGTH: 554 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics applauds Congress for passing
the Agriculture Act of 2014, a bill commonly referred to as the Farm Bill.


The Academy supports this piece of legislation that protects vital nutrition
assistance and education programs; includes new initiatives that will improve
the health of the nation; and enhances funding for nutrition and agriculture
research.



"The American people deserve a Farm Bill because it has a major impact on the
entire nation's food system, and we are pleased to see one move through
Congress," said registered dietitian nutritionist and Academy of Nutrition and
Dietetics President Dr. Glenna McCollum. "Included in this especially important
and massive piece of legislation are nutrition programs that provide access to
healthy foods for millions," she said.

"The Academy has been actively involved in the reauthorization of the Farm Bill
for the last two years by engaging our members to send thousands of letters to
Congress, encouraging constituents to meet with their legislators and working
with our partners to garner support for nutrition programs and offer new ideas
for cost effective solutions," McCollum said.

Most recently, the Academy focused its efforts on protecting the SNAP nutrition
education program. SNAP-Ed is vital to helping families utilize limited
resources to purchase healthy foods and engage in a physically active lifestyle.


"We are grateful that SNAP-Ed is protected so that we can continue providing
low-income Americans with the tools necessary to lead healthy lives on a limited
budget," McCollum said.

"As an organization committed to reducing food insecurity and hunger, we are
pleased to see that the final bill does not include drastic cuts to SNAP like
those that were proposed in the original House version. However, we do recognize
that some families will be affected by the reduction
of benefits," McCollum said.

The final bill takes measures to enhance SNAP, including increasing access to
homebound seniors or disabled participants by allowing home delivery of foods
purchased with SNAP benefits; increasing stocking requirements for SNAP
retailers to include more variety; and providing investments to improve access
to and reduce the cost of fruits and vegetables for SNAP recipients.

One of the Academy's top priorities is food and agriculture research, which also
provides policy makers with the critical information they need to make decisions
about the health of our food system. Funding for ongoing nutrition and
agriculture research was maintained in the Farm Bill and new resources were
allocated to food and agriculture research designed to support the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's research activities.

"As a science-based organization, we support the funding of these research
programs and look forward to leveraging their outcomes to benefit the nation,"
McCollum said. "The Academy will continue to pay close attention to this bill as
it is implemented through regulations that support access to healthy foods,
enhance nutrition agriculture research and ensure programs are efficient and
effective."

All registered dietitians are nutritionists - but not all nutritionists are
registered dietitians. The Academy's Board of Directors and Commission on
Dietetic Registration have determined that those who hold the credential
registered dietitian (RD) may optionally use "registered dietitian nutritionist"
(RDN) instead. The two credentials have identical meanings.

LOAD-DATE: February 07, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 17, 2010 Tuesday

Training for the worst on state's farms: Berks instructor worries about future
of program

BYLINE: Darrin Youker, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 574 words


Aug. 17--Over the past six years, Eric J. Rickenbach has crisscrossed the state
teaching rescuers how to respond to accidents on farms.

Heavy equipment, dangerous machinery, and the threat of barn and silo fi res
present special challenges to the legion of volunteers who respond to
emergencies on Pennsylvania's farms.

Through an effort spearheaded by Penn State University, instructors like
Rickenbach work with fire companies to train fi rst responders on how to free
people trapped in heavy machinery, or how to put out a fi re in a silo.
Rickenbach, who is a volunteer for the Keystone Fire Company of Rehrersburg, is
one of six lead instructors across the state. He is also a dispatcher for the
borough of Wyomissing.

But the future of the program is in jeopardy after lawmakers eliminated the
entire funding package, or $89,000, for the program, called PAgricultural Rescue
Training, with the passage of the state budget in June. Funding for the program
came through the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture.

"We are at a crossroads," Rickenbach said.

Pennsylvania provided grants to local fire companies to host farm rescue
training sessions, and also would reimburse volunteers for some costs, he said.
With many fi re companies already cutting back on training because of the poor
economy, Rickenbach said he's worried the lack of state funding will only
exacerbate the problem.

"It's a shame that safety has to take a back seat to money," he said.

Justin Fleming, a spokesman for the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture, said
budget cuts have forced the department to focus on its mandated programs such as
food safety and inspections.

"It was a difficult budget," he said. "While farm safety is critical, we had to
make some tough choices."

David Hill, director of PAgricultural Rescue Training, said he is trying to fi
nd other sources for training, but the ability of the program to continue into
next year is up in the air. In the past two years, more than 8,000 emergency
responders statewide have been trained through the program, he said.

"There is no training like ours around," he said. "This is important, hands-on
training."

Portions of the training program could qualify for federal grants through the
Department of Homeland Security, but PAgricultural Rescue Training has not
received any commitment for funding, Hill said.

In wake of funding cuts, some volunteer fire companies have postponed scheduled
training, while others have sought diff erent sources of funding, Rickenbach
said.

Fire departments need speciality training in responding to emergencies on farms,
because the approach to fi refighting or freeing a trapped victim is diff erent,
Rickenbach said. For instance, most silo fires can't be doused with water
because it would cause an explosion, he said.

"We have a strong agriculture background in Pennsylvania," he said. "The fi re
companies realize this, and they are willing to help. It is too bad our state
doesn't see that."

Contact Darrin Youker: 610-371-5032 or dyouker@readingeagle.com

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the
content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call
866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100817-RE-Training-for-the-worst-on-state-s-farms-20100817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2010 Reading Eagle

                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                            October 9, 2003 Thursday

Mendel pumps up rubber plant

BYLINE: By Janis Mara, BUSINESS WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 287 words

DATELINE: HAYWARD


In what could be described as something of a stretch, Hayward's Mendel
Biotechnology has won a government grant funding research into genetically
modifying a plant to enhance its production of rubber.

The $296,000 grant will fund research on increasing the amount of rubber made by
the Guayule plant, which grows in the American Southwest. The grant is a Phase
II Small Business Innovative Research grant from the United States Department of
Agriculture.

Scientists from Mendel will work with the USDA Agricultural Research Service and
the University of Arizona, introducing a gene from the mustard plant into the
Guayule plant. The Guayule is a plant with small yellow flowers native to the
desert regions of southwestern Texas and Mexico.

"This is a plant that's had more resurrections than Madonna," said Dr. Bob
Creelman, a senior scientist at Mendel Biotechnology.

Before rubber plantations took off in South America in the early 1900s, Guayule
plants were harvested in the Southern U.S., Creelman said. During World War II,
the Department of Defense used rubber from the plant for airplane wheels.

"The bark of the Guayule plant can be used to make rubber such as that in tires,
or high-quality latex rubber suitable for use in hypoallergenic latex products
such as examination gloves, condoms, surgical balloons and catheters," said Dr.
William Goure, the firm's vice president of business development.

Mendel will use the $296,000 grant for paying salaries, creating the transgenic
Guayule plants, growing the plants and analyzing the rubber content in the
genetically modified plants.

Privately held Mendel Biotechnology had revenues of about $6.4 million in both
2002 and 2003.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers

                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            September 8, 2006 Friday
                                  City Edition

House advances horse slaughter ban;
Prohibition on shipping for killing now goes to Senate

BYLINE: Chris Casteel, Washington Bureau

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 498 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- House members approved legislation Thursday to prohibit the
slaughter of horses for food, after supporters argued that Americans don't eat
horse meat and don't want horses killed "in a gruesome manner."

"They are not food," said Rep. Carolyn Maloney, D-NY. "They are probably the
most beloved animals native to the United States."

But opponents argued the legislation strips horse owners of their private
property rights and would force some to take care of animals they could no
longer afford.

The bill was approved 263-146 with bipartisan support. The legislation, opposed
by many farm and livestock groups, now goes to the Senate.

Even some supporters of the bill questioned why the House used several hours of
debate time considering it, given that lawmakers are only expected to be in town
for a few weeks and issues such as immigration reform remain unresolved.

Rep. Steny Hoyer, D-MD, said securing the nation five years after the 9/11
attacks was among the issues lawmakers should be considering before going home
to campaign.

"We're not as safe as we should be," Hoyer said. "Apparently, horses aren't
either."

Hoyer said the debate was about politics, specifically the re-election of a New
York Republican.

Hoyer didn't mention the member by name, but Rep. John Sweeney, R-NY, is a
sponsor of the bill and is in a competitive re-election campaign. Sweeney last
year tried to ban the slaughter of horses with an amendment to strip the USDA of
funding to inspect slaughterhouses. The industry got around the funding ban by
paying for the inspections with private money.

The bill approved Thursday prohibits "the shipping, transporting, moving,
delivering, receiving, possessing, purchasing, selling or donation of horses and
other equines to be slaughtered for human consumption."

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns opposed the bill, saying in a letter to
House Agriculture Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte that horse slaughter in the
United States is safe and humane.

There are three foreign-owned horse slaughterhouses in the United States -- two
in Texas and one in Illinois -- that kill horses for food consumption in other
countries. According to Johanns, an estimated 100,000 horses are slaughtered
each year for consumption overseas or exported to Mexico or Canada for slaughter
for the same purpose.

If the practice were banned, Johanns said, problems in caring for the unwanted
horses might lead to inhumane treatment.

"Should horses no longer be able to go to slaughter, the welfare of the horses
would be adversely affected," Johanns wrote.

Some lawmakers echoed those conclusions.

Rep. John Dingell, D-Mich., called the bill banning the slaughter of horses "a
triumph of emotion over common sense."

But supporters said horses taken to slaughter often are transported in cramped
trailers that injure them. And, they said, efforts to render the horses
unconscious before killing them often fail.

Maloney said the horses are killed "in a gruesome manner."

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rep. Edward Whitfield, R-Ky., left, speaks at a rally Tuesday on
Capitol Hill in Washington, in support of a bill to ban horse slaughter for
human consumption. - ASSOCIATED PRESS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Decorah Public Opinion (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 14, 2015

Turkey Watershed receives funds

BYLINE: Decorah Public Opinion staff

LENGTH: 658  words


The Turkey River Watershed is among watersheds receiving funding for a project
entitled "Don't Farm Naked: Integration of Ruminant Livestock and Cover Crops to
Meet Iowa's Nutrient Reduction Goals."

It's one of four projects focused on expanding the use and innovative delivery
of water quality practices selected to receive $3.06 million in funding through
the Iowa water quality initiative over the next three years.

The "Don't Farm Naked" grant award is $282,680 and the total project cost is
$394,680. The project leader is Practical Farmers of Iowa (PFI) and partners
include Iowa State University Extension, Iowa Beef Center, Iowa Cattleman's
Association, Iowa Learning Farms and the United States Department of Agriculture
-Natural Resources Conservation Service.

PFI will work with livestock producers in the Turkey River, Floyd and North
Raccoon watersheds to demonstrate the implementation and value of incorporating
cover crops into row crop production in operations with ruminant livestock.

The project description states: "Cover crops have a significant impact on
reducing both nitrogen and phosphorus losses while also providing a
high-quality, low-cost livestock feed. Planting cover crops, then grazing or
harvesting them is a practical way to effectively reduce nutrient pollution,
plus provide economic benefits to cattle owners. This presents an opportunity
for rapid expansion of this practice across this particular type of farming
system. This project will specifically target these operations to deliver
on-farm and practical information through multiple outreach methods to spread
knowledge and ultimately adoption of the practice."

The three other projects awarded funding are: "Advancing Nutrient Reduction in
the Rock Creek Watershed," grant award: $275,190, total project $387,190;
"Driving Cover Crop Adoption through Education and Technical Assistance and
Showing Environmental Benefits," grant award, $1,007,916, total project,
$2,225,166; and "Optimized Water Quality Wetlands Integrated with In-Field
Nutrient Management Practices," grant award, $1,500,000, total project:
$2,655,700.

Matching funds

In addition to the state funds, the four projects will provide an additional
$2.59 million in matching funds to support water quality improvement efforts as
well as other in-kind contributions.

"Broad adoption of a variety of practices is necessary to reach the aggressive
goals we all share for water quality. These four new projects are focused on
helping us learn more about the best ways to get these practices on the land and
creating demonstration opportunities so farmers can see how a new practice might
work on their farm," Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Bill Northey said.

All the projects will focus on expanding the use of conservation practices
identified in the Iowa Nutrient Reduction Strategy as positively impacting water
quality. In addition, strong outreach components will help to share information
on these practices and promote increased awareness and adoption of practices and
technologies to reduce nutrient loads to surface waters.

The projects started July 1. Thirteen partners from agriculture organizations,
institutions of higher education, private industry, the local, state and federal
government, and others, are working together on these projects.

Applications were requested in early March and all were reviewed by a committee
including representatives from the Department of Agriculture and the
Department's Natural Resources Conservation Service. The committee made
recommendations that were used by the Department in selecting the projects to be
funded.

"As part of the Iowa Water Quality Initiative we currently have 16 watershed
demonstration projects, statewide cost share funds and nine urban conservation
projects. These new projects are another opportunity to continue to engage
farmers and encourage even greater adoption of practices focused on protecting
water quality," Northey said.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPO

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 Decorah Public Opinion

                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Minnesota: Governor Dayton Pursues $795 Million in Funding for Clean Water,
Wildlife Habitat

LENGTH: 446  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Saint Paul: The Office of the Governor Mark Dayton, Minnisota has issued the
following news release:



 Continuing his work to improve water quality and wildlife habitat, Governor
Mark Dayton today submitted a $795 million proposal to the United States
Department of Agriculture for a Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program (CREP)
for Minnesota. This federal, state and local partnership would work with farmers
and other landowners across Minnesota to implement conservation practices on up
to 100,000 acres of land to restore and protect water quality. Funding provided
through CREP would provide additional financial support for farmers and
landowners as Minnesota works to implement bipartisan buffer legislation enacted
last session.


<div>
  </div>
<div>
 <strong>"This CREP funding would help tremendously, as Minnesotans work
together to be even better stewards of our land and water,"</strong> said
Governor Dayton. <strong>"We have begun to reverse the serious deterioration in
the quality of water in parts of our state. But much more remains to be done.
This is everyone's challenge and everyone's responsibility."</strong></div>
<div>
  </div>
<div>
 The proposal submitted today focuses on prioritized and targeted acres that
would provide the greatest water quality and habitat benefits. It would fund the
implementation of buffer filter strips, wetland restoration projects, and
wellhead protection efforts. The CREP proposal is  a five-agency effort, led by
the Minnesota Board of Water and Soil Resources (BWSR) and including the
Minnesota Department of Agriculture, Minnesota Department of Health, Minnesota
Pollution Control Agency, and Minnesota Department of Natural Resources.</div>
<div>
  </div>
<div>
 <strong>"Minnesota has a plan to improve water quality and enhance habitat,
backed by sound science and local Soil and Water Conservation District
readiness,"</strong> BWSR Executive Director John Jaschke said.  <strong>"This
CREP would get Minnesota closer to its natural resource goals."</strong></div>
<div>
  </div>
<div>
 State support is already building for Minnesota's CREP proposal. Bipartisan
support at the Legislature yielded $35 million last session for conservation
efforts, which will provide part of the required state contribution necessary to
leverage federal CREP dollars. The Lessard-Sams Outdoor Heritage Council has
also recommended the Legislature approve $20 million in Outdoor Heritage Fund in
the upcoming session. Additional state matching funds will be considered by the
Legislature in the upcoming session.</div>






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 21, 2015 Monday

Minnesota: Governor Dayton Pursues $795 Million in Funding for Clean Water,
Wildlife Habitat

LENGTH: 449  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Saint Paul: The Office of the Governor Mark Dayton, Minnisota has issued the
following news release:



 Continuing his work to improve water quality and wildlife habitat, Governor
Mark Dayton today submitted a $795 million proposal to the United States
Department of Agriculture for a Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program (CREP)
for Minnesota. This federal, state and local partnership would work with farmers
and other landowners across Minnesota to implement conservation practices on up
to 100,000 acres of land to restore and protect water quality. Funding provided
through CREP would provide additional financial support for farmers and
landowners as Minnesota works to implement bipartisan buffer legislation enacted
last session.


<div>
  </div>
<div>
 <strong>"This CREP funding would help tremendously, as Minnesotans work
together to be even better stewards of our land and water,"</strong> said
Governor Dayton. <strong>"We have begun to reverse the serious deterioration in
the quality of water in parts of our state. But much more remains to be done.
This is everyone's challenge and everyone's responsibility."</strong></div>
<div>
  </div>
<div>
 The proposal submitted today focuses on prioritized and targeted acres that
would provide the greatest water quality and habitat benefits. It would fund the
implementation of buffer filter strips, wetland restoration projects, and
wellhead protection efforts. The CREP proposal is  a five-agency effort, led by
the Minnesota Board of Water and Soil Resources (BWSR) and including the
Minnesota Department of Agriculture, Minnesota Department of Health, Minnesota
Pollution Control Agency, and Minnesota Department of Natural Resources.</div>
<div>
  </div>
<div>
 <strong>"Minnesota has a plan to improve water quality and enhance habitat,
backed by sound science and local Soil and Water Conservation District
readiness,"</strong> BWSR Executive Director John Jaschke said.  <strong>"This
CREP would get Minnesota closer to its natural resource goals."</strong></div>
<div>
  </div>
<div>
 State support is already building for Minnesota's CREP proposal. Bipartisan
support at the Legislature yielded $35 million last session for conservation
efforts, which will provide part of the required state contribution necessary to
leverage federal CREP dollars. The Lessard-Sams Outdoor Heritage Council has
also recommended the Legislature approve $20 million in Outdoor Heritage Fund in
the upcoming session. Additional state matching funds will be considered by the
Legislature in the upcoming session. </div>
<div>
  </div>






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Decorah Journal (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 19, 2013

Feb. 28 (leadline to apply for water quality grants

BYLINE: The Decorah Journal staff

LENGTH: 290  words


Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Bill Northey has encouraged eligible groups to
apply for grants to support projects that will improve water quality in the
state.

Approximately $1 million is available through the Watershed Improvement Review
Board to support qualifying projects.

Funds are available to local watershed improvement committees, soil and water
conservation districts, public water supply utilities, county conservation
boards, cities and counties.

Funds are typically matched with other funds by the organizations receiving
assistance and will support a variety of projects across the state focusing on
protecting water quality and improving the health of the state's waterway.

Projects eligible for funding include, but are hot limited to, those addressing
agricultural runoff and drainage, flood prevention, stream bank erosion,
municipal discharge, storm water runoff, unsewered communities, industrial
discharge and livestock runoff. At least $146,000 will be awarded to support
projects focused on implementing the Iowa Water Quality Initiative.

Each project can request up to $300,000 in funding over three years.

Potential applicants should review the RFA in full at
iowaagriculture.gov/IWIRB.asp to make sure their proposal qualifies.

All applications are due Friday, Feb. 28, 2014 and will be reviewed in March
2014 by the Watershed Improvement Review Board. The Board is comprised of
representatives from agriculture, drinking water and wastewater utilities,
environmental organizations, agribusiness, the conservation community along with
two state senators and two state representatives.

Application materials can be downloaded from the Iowa Department of Agriculture
and Land Stewardship website at iowaagriculture. gov/IWIRB.asp

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DEC

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 Decorah Journal

                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

Virginia: Governor McAuliffe Announces $390,000 in USDA Specialty Crop Block
Grants Available for Virginia Agricultural Interests

LENGTH: 698  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: Office of the Secretary of Agriculture and Forestry, The state of
Virginia has issued the following news release:



 Governor Terry McAuliffe today announced that the Virginia Department of
Agriculture and Consumer Services (VDACS) is accepting applications for United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Agricultural Marketing Service Specialty
Crop Block Grant funding.  Agricultural associations, industry and producer
groups, community-based organizations, educational institutions and non-profits
that seek to improve the competitiveness of specialty crops in Virginia are
eligible to submit proposals for grants up to $60,000 per project.  Individual
producers are not eligible for grants.  VDACS anticipates administering nearly
$390,000 in funds for the development of specialty crops.  The deadline for
submitting applications is April 14, 2016.





 Speaking about the grants, Governor McAuliffe said, "Our administration is
committed to job creation and economic development throughout the Commonwealth,
especially in one of Virginia's largest industries - agriculture.  As we work to
build the new Virginia economy, we will continue to keep our farmers and
producers at the forefront of our economic development and jobs creation
strategic plans.  I am pleased to announce the availability of these federal
dollars for specialty crops and encourage our producer groups to take advantage
of this opportunity.   There is great potential for positive long-term economic
benefits for our agriculture industry from increasing our focus on the
incredible diversity of crops that can be cultivated in the Commonwealth."



 Specialty crops are categorized as fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits
and nursery crops, including floriculture, that are not typically covered by
traditional crop insurance. Specialty crops do not include standard commodities
such as corn, wheat, soybeans, peanuts, cotton or tobacco.  Processed foods are
eligible, provided their development enhances the competitiveness of specialty
crops.  Specialty crop competitive grant proposals must be specific and explain
how an association, industry group or organization will use the funds to enhance
the competitiveness of specialty crops. Some examples include research,
promotion and marketing plans, as well as food safety projects and projects that
improve food access.



 In awarding the USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant funds, VDACS will give priority
to projects with the sole purpose of enhancing the competitiveness of specialty
crops as they pertain to the following issues:



     Enhancing food safety;

     Assisting all entities in the specialty crop distribution chain in
developing "Good Agricultural Practices," "Good Handling Practices," "Good
Manufacturing Practices," and in cost-share arrangements for funding audits of
such systems for small farmers, packers and processors;

     Investing in specialty crop research, including research to focus on
conservation and environmental outcomes;

     Developing new and improved seed varieties and specialty crops;

     Enhancing pest and disease control; and development of organic and
sustainable production practices;

     Increasing child and adult nutrition knowledge and consumption of specialty
crops;

     Improving efficiency and reducing costs of distribution systems;

     Developing local and regional food systems; and

     Improving food access in underserved communities.



 Guidelines, instructions and the application for the USDA Specialty Crop
Competitive Grants are available online at
vdacs.virginia.gov/sales-specialty-crop-competitive-grant-program.shtml (click
on Application Form to apply), via e-mail to Melissa Ball
atmelissa.ball@vdacs.virginia.gov or by mailing VDACS, Specialty Crop Grants
Application, 102 Governor Street, Richmond, VA  23219.  Applications received
after the April 14, 2016, deadline will not be considered for funding.  All
funding is contingent upon USDA's notice of funds availability. The duration of
each grant is two years, and the grant period will begin October 1, 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Virginia: Governor McAuliffe Announces $390,000 in USDA Specialty Crop Block
Grants Available for Virginia Agricultural Interests

LENGTH: 698  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: Office of the Secretary of Agriculture and Forestry, The state of
Virginia has issued the following news release:



 Governor Terry McAuliffe today announced that the Virginia Department of
Agriculture and Consumer Services (VDACS) is accepting applications for United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Agricultural Marketing Service Specialty
Crop Block Grant funding.  Agricultural associations, industry and producer
groups, community-based organizations, educational institutions and non-profits
that seek to improve the competitiveness of specialty crops in Virginia are
eligible to submit proposals for grants up to $60,000 per project.  Individual
producers are not eligible for grants.  VDACS anticipates administering nearly
$390,000 in funds for the development of specialty crops.  The deadline for
submitting applications is April 14, 2016.





 Speaking about the grants, Governor McAuliffe said, "Our administration is
committed to job creation and economic development throughout the Commonwealth,
especially in one of Virginia's largest industries - agriculture.  As we work to
build the new Virginia economy, we will continue to keep our farmers and
producers at the forefront of our economic development and jobs creation
strategic plans.  I am pleased to announce the availability of these federal
dollars for specialty crops and encourage our producer groups to take advantage
of this opportunity.   There is great potential for positive long-term economic
benefits for our agriculture industry from increasing our focus on the
incredible diversity of crops that can be cultivated in the Commonwealth."



 Specialty crops are categorized as fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits
and nursery crops, including floriculture, that are not typically covered by
traditional crop insurance. Specialty crops do not include standard commodities
such as corn, wheat, soybeans, peanuts, cotton or tobacco.  Processed foods are
eligible, provided their development enhances the competitiveness of specialty
crops.  Specialty crop competitive grant proposals must be specific and explain
how an association, industry group or organization will use the funds to enhance
the competitiveness of specialty crops. Some examples include research,
promotion and marketing plans, as well as food safety projects and projects that
improve food access.



 In awarding the USDA Specialty Crop Block Grant funds, VDACS will give priority
to projects with the sole purpose of enhancing the competitiveness of specialty
crops as they pertain to the following issues:



     Enhancing food safety;

     Assisting all entities in the specialty crop distribution chain in
developing "Good Agricultural Practices," "Good Handling Practices," "Good
Manufacturing Practices," and in cost-share arrangements for funding audits of
such systems for small farmers, packers and processors;

     Investing in specialty crop research, including research to focus on
conservation and environmental outcomes;

     Developing new and improved seed varieties and specialty crops;

     Enhancing pest and disease control; and development of organic and
sustainable production practices;

     Increasing child and adult nutrition knowledge and consumption of specialty
crops;

     Improving efficiency and reducing costs of distribution systems;

     Developing local and regional food systems; and

     Improving food access in underserved communities.



 Guidelines, instructions and the application for the USDA Specialty Crop
Competitive Grants are available online at
vdacs.virginia.gov/sales-specialty-crop-competitive-grant-program.shtml (click
on Application Form to apply), via e-mail to Melissa Ball
atmelissa.ball@vdacs.virginia.gov or by mailing VDACS, Specialty Crop Grants
Application, 102 Governor Street, Richmond, VA  23219.  Applications received
after the April 14, 2016, deadline will not be considered for funding.  All
funding is contingent upon USDA's notice of funds availability. The duration of
each grant is two years, and the grant period will begin October 1, 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           October 5, 2011 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Money is found to remove problem wolves

BYLINE: DOUG SMITH; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 234 words


Federal trappers will continue to remove problem wolves in Minnesota under a
program that had run out of funding last week -- but now has received a
three-month reprieve.

The wolf predation management program removes wolves that threaten livestock,
pets or humans. Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., said Tuesday that she had secured
program funding for the rest of the year.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Wildlife Services has been removing problem
wolves for decades in Minnesota, but funding ran out last week. Klobuchar said
she worked with U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to find funding for the
program until the end of the year, when the wolf is scheduled to be delisted and
management will return to the state.

It's a significant issue for livestock owners who operate in wolf territory.
Last year, federal trappers removed 192 problem wolves, which killed about 100
cows and sheep, and 15 dogs.

"We expect there will be limited activity in the next three months, so the cost
will be less than $70,000," said Carol Bannerman, a public affairs specialist
with the federal Wildlife Services. Annually, the program costs about $727,000
for Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan.

Wolf experts said that control of troublesome animals is vital to ensure the
long-term public acceptance of wolves, and that the state will have to find a
way to fund a similar program after the wolf is delisted.

DOUG SMITH

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           October 5, 2011 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Money is found to remove problem wolves

BYLINE: DOUG SMITH; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 234 words


Federal trappers will continue to remove problem wolves in Minnesota under a
program that had run out of funding last week -- but now has received a
three-month reprieve.

The wolf predation management program removes wolves that threaten livestock,
pets or humans. Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., said Tuesday that she had secured
program funding for the rest of the year.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Wildlife Services has been removing problem
wolves for decades in Minnesota, but funding ran out last week. Klobuchar said
she worked with U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to find funding for the
program until the end of the year, when the wolf is scheduled to be delisted and
management will return to the state.

It's a significant issue for livestock owners who operate in wolf territory.
Last year, federal trappers removed 192 problem wolves, which killed about 100
cows and sheep, and 15 dogs.

"We expect there will be limited activity in the next three months, so the cost
will be less than $70,000," said Carol Bannerman, a public affairs specialist
with the federal Wildlife Services. Annually, the program costs about $727,000
for Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan.

Wolf experts said that control of troublesome animals is vital to ensure the
long-term public acceptance of wolves, and that the state will have to find a
way to fund a similar program after the wolf is delisted.

DOUG SMITH

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 25, 2014

Funding to Train and Educate Next Generation of Farmers and Ranchers

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 424  words


USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the availability of more than $19 million
in grants to help train, educate and enhance the sustainability of the next
generation of agricultural producers through the Beginning- Farmer and Rancher
Development Program (BFRDP).

"USDA is committed to the next generation of America's farmers and ranchers
because they represent the future of agriculture and are the backbone of our
rural economy. As the average age of farmers continues to rise, we have no time
to lose in getting more new farmers and ranchers established." said Secretary
Vilsack. "Reauthorizing and expanding the Beginning Farmer and Rancher
Development Program is one of the many resources the 2014 Farm Bill gave us to
build America's agricultural future. Through this program, we can build a
diverse next generation of farmers and ranchers."

BFRDP is an education, training, technical assistance and outreach program
designed to help farmers, ranchers and managers of non-industrial private forest
land -specifically those aiming to start farming and those who have been farming
or ranching for 10 or fewer years. It is managed by the National Institutes of
Food and Agriculture (NIFA). NIFA will competitively award grants to
organizations conducting programs to help beginning farmers and ranchers. Learn
more about eligibility and how to apply (applications are due June 12, 2014).

Priority will be given to projects that are partnerships and collaborations led
by or including non-governmental, community-based, or school-based agricultural
educational organizations. All applicants are required to provide funds or
in-kind support from non-federal sources in an amount that is at least equal to
25 percent of the federal funds requested.

By law, at least five percent of available funding will be allocated to programs
and services for limited-resource and socially-disadvantaged beginning farmers
and ranchers and farm workers. Additionally, another five percent of available
funding will be allocated for programming and services for military veteran
farmers and ranchers.

BFRDP was authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill, receiving $100 million to be awarded
over the next five years.

NIFA is hosting two upcoming webinars for interested applicants on April 30 and
May 6 at 2:00 p.m. Eastern. The first webinar will focus on general guidelines
for the program, while the second webinar will focus on the funding allocations
for socially-disadvantaged and military veteran farmers and ranchers.

More information is available at:

www.nifa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Kiowa County Press

                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Hinton News (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 19, 2011

Rahall Opposes Drastic Cuts in Economic Development, Child and Senior Nutrition;

2012 Agriculture Appropriations Bill Threatens Rural Development, Takes Food
from Kids

BYLINE: The Hinton News staff

LENGTH: 413  words


U.S. Representative Nick Rahall (D-W.Va.) Thursday voted against the Fiscal Year
2012 Agriculture Appropriations bill that axes funding for rural development
programs important to communities throughout West Virginia and for programs that
provide food for seniors, women, and children in need.

"Anything that takes away from job creation, with an unemployment rate at the
alarming levels we see now, is bad policy and something that I am going to
fight," said Rahall. "This bill cuts the heart out of the USDA Rural Development
program one of the federal initiatives that West Virginia communities have
consistently counted on for nearly $2 billion in funding to build the basic
infrastructure needed to attract and growbusinesses and create jobs. There is a
need to address the deficit, but I cannot support the kind of mindless slashing
contained in this bill."

The Agriculture Appropriations bill passed by the House on Thursday cuts USDA
Rural Development programs by 14 percent. Rural Development provides loans,
grants, and technical assistance to rural towns and communities. It includes the
Rural Utility Service, which funds water and sewer infrastructure needed to
attract business and create jobs; the Rural Housing Service, which funds single
and multifamily housing, hospitals, and police and fire stations; and Businesses
and Cooperative Programs, which provide funding and technical assistance to help
rural businesses growand thrive. West Virginia received nearly $1.9 billion
from' USDA Rural Development in the fiscal years 2003 - 2010.

The bill cuts by 10 percent funding for the Women, Infants and Children, or WIC,
program, which provides food for pregnant and nursing women, infants and
children living belowthe poverty level. It also cuts funding by 21 percent for
programs that provide food for seniors.

"A time like this, when our economy is most tenuous, is not the time to be
making deep cuts in safety net programs that are literally lifelines for
American citizens. Snatching food from children and seniors in need is not
sensible fiscal policy; it is heartless behavior, contrary to American values,"
Rahall said.

As passed by the House, the bill also slashes funding for the Food and Drug
Administration and the Food Safety and Inspection Service, a move that could
result in layoffs of inspectors essential to keeping our food supply safe and
disease free.

The bill passed the House today by a vote of 217 to 203 and moves to the Senate
for consideration.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HIN

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2011 The Hinton News

                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                            August 1, 2007 Wednesday

Farm bill to foster organic, specialty crops

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 401 words


WASHINGTON -- The 2007 Farm Bill, passed in the U.S. House of Representatives
this week and governing the nation's agriculture and food programs, includes
programs for specialty and organic crops, conservation and nutrition.

Rep. Mike Thompson, D-St. Helena, applauded their inclusion.

"This farm bill is a change in direction from previous farm policy," said
Thompson. "It gives specialty crops and organic crops a place at the table,
while at the same time preserving the importance of conventional agriculture
across the country."

The bill includes $1.6 billion in funding for fruit and vegetable programs,
which have not received Farm Bill benefits in the past. Among other things,
specialty crops will receive $38 million for technical assistance, $215 million
to fund research on improving productivity and profitability, and $364 million
in grants for research, education, pest and disease management and food safety.

For the first time, organic crops also received funding -- approximately $55
million for technical assistance and research.

"This bill represents the diversity and bounty of American agriculture," said
Thompson. "Fruits, vegetables and organic crops are the fastest growing segment
of the agricultural economy, and we should be doing everything we can to help
this industry continue to grow. This bill is a big win for California
agriculture."

The Farm Bill also provides assistance to agricultural land owners who implement
conservation programs on their property. This year's bill includes more than $26
billion for conservation programs, a 25 percent increase from the 2002 Farm
Bill. In addition, this year's bill extends the Wetlands Reserve Program, a
voluntary incentive program that helps land owners restore wetlands.

The bill also includes $300 million for a new program, the Regional Watershed
Enhancement Program. This program funds cooperative agreements between
agriculture producers and the government to improve regional water quality in
rivers and regions like the Klamath River Basin.

The bill also takes critical steps that will expand renewable fuel production,
encourage American energy independence and protect our environment.

The measure boosts renewable energy programs by 600 percent, providing $2
billion in loan guarantees for the development of refineries that process
renewable fuels, a key step toward bringing more renewable fuels to market in
the United States.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved

                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     July 25, 2003 Friday Marshall Edition

Marshall County WIC office cuts hours, staff

BYLINE: Tribune staff report

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 439 words


PLYMOUTH -- A $6,000 budget cut is forcing the Marshall County office of the
Women, Infants and Children program to cut personnel as well as to close on
Fridays.

Today is the last Friday the WIC office will be open until further notice,
according to Annette Osborn, coordinator of the Marshall County office.

Osborn said Thursday that she was notified earlier this week that she had to
save $6,000 in her budget before Sept. 30, the end of the fiscal year.

That meant closing on Fridays and eliminating a part-time nurse position on the
staff.

According to Wendy Gettelfinger, an assistant commissioner with the Indiana
Department of Health who helps to oversee the WIC program, the reduction is
based on an objective formula: If the number of WIC caseloads decrease, the
funding decreases by the same proportion in that specific county.

Funding comes from the U.S. Department of Agriculture, through the State
Department of Health.

Gettelfinger said that out of 57 agencies in Indiana that offer WIC, 46 saw a
reduction in funds.

Osborn said Marshall County was projected to have 1,175 cases, but there are
actually slightly more than 1,150.

She said she expected a possible cut, but "it wouldn't have been bad if we had
more notice."

Osborn said closing Fridays had the least amount of impact on personnel and
clients. That way, the office was only open from 8:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. and the
fewest number of staff hours would be cut.

The office, 304 N. Walnut St., will continue to be open from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
on Mondays and Wednesdays and 8:30 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Bilingual staff also are available on Mondays and Thursdays.

For more information or to make an appointment, call (574) 936-8208.

Osborn said every WIC priority group will be served. Pregnant women and new
babies will get the first available appointments. People who miss appointments
may have a longer wait to get a second appointment.

Both Gettelfinger and Osborn said Thursday that they aren't sure why caseloads
have been going down.

"For some reason, (eligible people) are not coming in and participating," Osborn
said.

Gettelfinger said the state is trying to figure that out as well, especially
given the present difficult economy and the increases in welfare caseloads in
the past couple of years.

She said the WIC program has been in Indiana for nearly 30 years. But the
program still needs to do outreach since people aren't aware of what it offers,
she said.

WIC serves about 123,000 individuals each month, including women, infants and
children. It serves half of the babies in the state.


LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2003 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 3, 2015

Implement receives $1 million loan through SRT

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 431  words


SRT Communications presented Moure Equipment, dba Gooseneck Implement, with a
check for $1 million from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Utilities
Service program (RUS).

The RUS Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program (REDLG) allows
utilities to serve as a pass through to local businesses with projects that will
create and retain employment in rural areas.

SRT previously received RUS funding for telecommunications projects and is able
to serve as the lending agent for this zero interest loan. The $1 million loan
is being used to partially fund Gooseneck Implement's Velva Store, which opened
on April 1, 2015 and features 39,800 square feet, of which approximately 16,000
square feet is dedicated to a showroom and 23,800 square feet to house the
service department and parts department. In addition, the store created 7 new
jobs.

"SRT's Board of Directors recognizes the importance of a rural development
program such as this. Not only has our own cooperative been a past recipient of
RUS funding to develop our own infrastructure but we are now also able to help
create more jobs in one of the communities we serve."' said Steve Lysne, SRT CEO
& General Manager. "We understand the unique funding opportunity that presents
us and are proud to partner with Gooseneck Implement." This is the second REDLG
project SRT has administered.

"Our investment into a new facility in Velva confirms our commitment to the
community, our employees, and our customers, and will position us to remain
relevant in the agricultural industry long-term," said Jamie Melgaard, Gooseneck
CEO & General Manager. "We are extremely excited to provide our employees a
safer, more productive work environment, which in turn will enable us to provide
better support to our customers."

SRT Communications is the state's largest telephone cooperative. SRT has served
the telecommunications needs of north central North Dakota since 1931, employs
more than 200 people, and serves over 48,000 customers.

Gooseneck Implement is a multi-store location John Deere dealership with
locations in Minot, Kenmare, Mohall, Stanley, Velva, Rugby, Harvey and
Willis-ton. The company has sold agricultural machinery and provided support in
sales, parts and service to area farmers since 1974. Gooseneck made an
investment in the community of Velva to meet the needs of our customers for
today and into the future.

The RUS Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program (REDLG) allows
utilities to serve as a pass through to local businesses with projects that will
create and retain employment in rural areas.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2015 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: USDA, Partners Usher in a New Era in Conservation

LENGTH: 780  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today joined Senate Agriculture Committee
Chairwoman Debbie Stabenow to launch a new era in American conservation efforts
with an historic focus on public-private partnership. Vilsack made the
announcement in Bay City, Mich., which sits at the heart of the Saginaw Bay
watershed in the center of the Great Lakes region, an area where agriculture is
a leading industry.

Vilsack also praised Senator Stabenow for her leadership as Agriculture
Committee Chair to improve conservation programs in Michigan and across the
nation, and acknowledged her work to craft and secure passage of the 2014 Farm
Bill, which authorized USDA to create the new conservation program.

"This is an entirely new approach to conservation," said Vilsack. "We're giving
private companies, local communities, and other non-government partners a way to
invest in what are essentially clean water start-up operations. By establishing
new public-private partnerships, we can have an impact that's well beyond what
the Federal government could accomplish on its own. These efforts keep our land
resilient and water clean, and promote tremendous economic growth in agriculture
, construction, tourism and outdoor recreation, and other industries."

Along the Saginaw Bay, intensive agricultural production, industrial pollution
and other factors have created a need for enhanced water quality efforts. The
new conservation program announced today, called the Regional Conservation
Partnership Program (RCPP), will benefit similar areas across the nation. RCPP
streamlines conservation efforts by combining four programs (the Agricultural
Water Enhancement Program, Cooperative Conservation Partnership Initiative, the
Chesapeake Bay Watershed Initiative, and the Great Lakes Basin Program for Soil
Erosion) into one.

The RCPP will competitively award funds to conservation projects designed by
local partners specifically for their region. Eligible partners include private
companies, universities, non-profit organizations, local and tribal governments
and others joining with agricultural and conservation organizations and
producers to invest money, manpower and materials to their proposed initiatives.
With participating partners investing along with the Department, USDA's $1.2
billion in funding over the life of the five-year program can leverage an
additional $1.2 billion from partners for a total of $2.4 billion for
conservation. $400 million in USDA funding is available in the first year.
Through RCPP, partners propose conservation projects to improve soil health,
water quality and water use efficiency, wildlife habitat, and other related
natural resources on private lands.

This is an example of government at its best-streamlining multiple programs into
one more effective effort, providing flexible tools, and connecting local
citizens and organizations with resources that best address their priorities,
protect and improve their quality of life, and propel economic growth.

In addition to supporting local conservation goals, clean land and water
investments create jobs in local communities. Conservation work involves
building and maintaining infrastructure-building terraces in fields or restoring
wetlands, which requires the hiring of contractors, engineers, scientists, and
others. A 2013 study commissioned by the National Fish and Wildlife
FoundationThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. estimates that last year,
conservation activities supported more than 660,000 jobs.

Conservation also provides an economic boost by spurring local tourism. Cleaner
water and enhanced wildlife habitat provide additional opportunities for
hunting, fishing, and outdoor recreation. The outdoor recreation economy
supports 6.1 million direct jobs, $80 billion in federal, state, and local tax
revenue, and $646 billion in spending each year.

The RCPP has three funding pools:

35 percent of total program funding directed to critical conservation areas,
chosen by the agriculture secretary;

40 percent directed to regional or multi-state projects through a national
competitive process; and

25 percent directed to state-level projects through a competitive process
established by NRCS state leaders.

The critical conservation areas Secretary Vilsack announced today are: the Great
Lakes Region, Chesapeake Bay Watershed, Mississippi River Basin, Longleaf Pine
Range, Columbia River Basin, California Bay Delta, Prairie Grasslands, and the
Colorado River Basin.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                             August 14, 2009 Friday

Minnesota Twins' Redmond featured in Agriculture Dept. firewood radio ads

BYLINE: Bob Geiger

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 737  words


Targeting emerald ash borers that threaten nearly 1 billion state ash trees, the
Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) has teamed with Minnesota Twins
catcher Mike Redmond as part of its don't-move-the-firewood ad campaign.

Redmond, an aficionado of baseball bats made out of ash wood, partnered with MDA
to be the voice talent on 15- and- 30-second versions of radio ads that just
started airing on Twins games and Minnesota Public Radio.

Mike Schommer, MDA communications director, said $80,000 will be spent to place
radio or online ads on Twins radio broadcasts, Minnesota Public Radio and Fox
9's website.

"The idea here is to get the word out in front of people," he said. "We want to
make sure that this gets out in front of a lot of people (before) people go out
and go hunting or camping this fall. "

Minnesota will need luck just to delay the advance of the emerald ash borer,
which officials believe has been spread by people hauling firewood to areas with
vulnerable stands of ash trees - hence the "Burn it where you buy it" message
from the MDA.

Val Cervenka, forest health program director for the Minnesota Department of
Natural Resources (DNR), said a mass infestation of the Asian emerald ash borer
could be far worse than Dutch Elm Disease, which has caused thousands of the
stately trees along city streets to be cut down in the past 30 years.

As it stands, nearly 70 infected ash trees in western St. Paul already have been
cut down, and MDA has hung 1,800 adhesive-covered purple emerald ash borer traps
in Minneapolis and St. Paul to determine whether the disease has spread.

Over time, that's likely, Cervenka said.

"It does look that way," she said. "Although I kind of hold out a lot of hope,
because some ash trees in Michigan have survived. "

Michigan is the epicenter of the emerald ash borer invasion, with the hardy
insect thought most likely top have arrived in the United States as part of a
shipping pallet from eastern Asia, where it is a native species.

Adult ash borers lay eggs in crevasses in ash tree bark. Larvae burrow into the
bark after they hatch, and eat an ash tree's water-rich cambium and phloem
essentially cutting off water supply to tree branches within 2 years.

Making discovery more problematic is the burrowing larvae and their deadly
effects on the tree can't be noticed until after the damage has been done -
leaving tree removal as the only option.

Currently, Minnesota has quarantined firewood movement in the metro area
counties of Hennepin and Ramsey, in addition to Houston County in the southeast
corner of the state, which borders Wisconsin and Iowa.

Meanwhile, funding to help limit the ash borer's advance is being arranged, as
are various public information campaigns designed to prevent movement of
firewood.

U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar said Minnesota is scheduled to get federal funding to
help slow the emerald ash borer's spread.

A member of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry,
Klobuchar said the U.S. Department of Agriculture Department (USDA) plans to
provide funding to the state. Currently, USDA and state officials are working on
a plan to fight ash borer.

Klobuchar said she expects Minnesota's funding from USDA to total $771,000.
About $750,000 of that total would be for survey work with the rest slated to
fund cutting down infected ash trees.

That funding comes from a total of $43.4 million in USDA emergency funding set
aside in 2009 for the emerald ash borer eradication program.

In January, USDA approved an initial $15.2 million in funding for the ash borer
program through April. In late March, an additional $28.2 million was set aside
for ash borer prevention.

The expanded federal funding comes at a time when a "Don't move firewood"
campaign that first broke in July 2008 was expanding because of tree loss on the
Midwest and Northeast.

Its central www.dontmovefirewood.org website contains information about the
campaign, which was created for the Nature Conservancy and the Continental
Dialogue on Non-Native Forest Insects and Diseases.

A related project by Washington, D.C.-based political and media consultancy,
Hamburger Co., involves production of a documentary about destruction of trees
in Worcester, Mass.

The documentary is complemented by public service announcements by interactive
graphics firm Carousel30, also based in Washington, D.C., which is creating an
interactive game and pest and disease resource website.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Bath County News - Outlook

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 5, 2009

Bath Ag Foundation receives funding

BYLINE: Charles MattoxNews Reporter

LENGTH: 302  words


The Bath County Agricultural Extension Foundation, Inc.; was recently awarded a
USDA $400,000 grant, which will help provide a portion of the funding needed to
construct a regional marketing and retail facility at the existing location of
the farmer's market just of exit 123 of US Interstate Highway 64.

Gary Hamilton, Bath County Ag Extension Agent, said the funds were about half of
what was needed to put the project into operation.

"This is just one piece of the puzzle," Hamilton said Tuesday morning "The
entire project will cost approximately $1 million. It's an all or nothing
project.

Hamilton said additional funding was anticipated through several sources,
including the Appalachian Regional Commission ($400,000), the state agriculture
board ($150,000 and the Bath County Agricultural Development Council ($50,000).

Hamilton said it was too early to speculate on the additional funding, but he
did remain optimistic and the USDA funding was a great start.

On July 28, USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the selection of 145 recipients
for more than $ 15.3 million in grants to start or expand businesses in rural
communities. Through Recovery Act funding, businesses will be able to access to
critical capital that will help with start-up and working capital loans,
building and plant renovations, transportation improvements, project planning
and other business needs.

"These Recovery Act grants represent the Obama administration's ongoing efforts
to ensure strategic investments and increased economic opportunities in rural
America," said Vilsack. "Small businesses play an important role in building
strong communities while providing vital products and services to local
residents. This funding will help spur economic development to strengthen
communities in dozens of states around the country."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BAO

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                 Copyright 2009 The Bath County News - Outlook

                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

USDA awards MSU $6.9 million grant to help bees

LENGTH: 572  words

DATELINE: East Lansing


Michigan State University has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's National Institute of Food and Agriculture
has awarded $6.9 million to Michigan State University to develop sustainable
pollination strategies for specialty crops in the United States.

"Specialty crops are valued at more than $50 billion every year, and pollination
is critical to ensure successful fruit set and profitability of the industry,"
said Sonny Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "With the recent declines in pollinator
numbers, especially honey bees, this grant is extremely important for the
sustainability of the specialty crop industry in the United States, which
produces the fruits, vegetables and nuts recommended by USDA for a healthy
diet."

The research and outreach efforts being supported by this grant will provide
growers with information on pollination, pollinators and management practices
that will keep their crops productive year after year, he added.

The grant was funded through the Specialty Crop Research Initiative, part of the
2014 Farm Bill that was signed at MSU.

Rufus Isaacs, MSU AgBioResearch entomology researcher and extension specialist,
will lead the project with the goal of developing and delivering
context-specific integrated crop pollination recommendations on how to
effectively harness the potential of native bees for crop pollination.

"This next stage of funding is essential for continuing the work of the team of
more than 50 people across the nation who are dedicated to the goals of our
project," Isaacs said. "We have established and measured bees and crop yields in
more than 100 fields at farms from California to Pennsylvania, some pollinated
with honey bees, some with wildflower habitat added for pollinators and some
augmented with other types of managed bees."

The team will continue to monitor the fields and compare the performance,
economics and social aspects of these tactics while developing educational and
decision-support information for specialty crop pollination, he added.

These ICP strategies are designed to improve long-term sustainability of U.S.
specialty crops and help ensure the continued ability of growers to reap
profitable returns from their investments in land, plants and other production
inputs.

Isaacs and the team will:

Identify economically valuable pollinators and the factors affecting their
abundance.
    Develop habitat management practices to improve crop pollination.
    Determine performance of alternative managed bees as specialty crop
pollinators.
    Demonstrate and deliver ICP practices to specialty crops growers.
    Determine optimal methods for ICP information delivery and measure ICP
adoption.
    Analyze economics and modeling of pollination ecosystem services.

MSU first received a SCRI grant for $1.7 million to begin this work in fiscal
year 2012, the final year of the 2008 Farm Bill.

MSU's team includes scientists from Loyola University, Franklin and Marshall
College, Penn State University, University of Florida, University of Vermont,
The Xerces Society, the University of California-Davis and UC-Berkeley, the USDA
Agricultural Research Service and a private company, Pacific Pollination. The
project also includes a large number of collaborating farmers providing in-kind
support such as their land for conducting the research, and a diverse advisory
board of stakeholders.

For more information please visit: http://www.msu.edu

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            March 27, 2013 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Horse slaughter gets lawmakers' OK

BYLINE: Elizabeth Weise, @eweise, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 419 words


The fight over using horses for food grew louder Tuesday when the Oklahoma
Legislature voted to allow the operation of horse slaughterhouses.

The issue has taken on greater urgency since horse meat appeared, disguised as
beef, in European outposts of Burger King and other restaurants there.

A USA TODAY analysis of European imports found that as much as 17% of the horse
meat in Europe originated in the United States, even though no horse meat is
legally produced here. Unwanted horses are shipped to Canada and Mexico and
slaughtered for meat there.

Horse meat has been illegal since Congress ended U.S. Department of Agriculture
funding for horse slaughterhouse inspections in 2006 at the urging of animal
rights activists. That funding prohibition ended in 2011, but horses cannot be
legally slaughtered for food because the USDA no longer has inspectors.

A bill in Congress would make it illegal to slaughter horses for food or to
export them for slaughter. Last year, 166,572 U.S. horses were shipped to Canada
and Mexico to be slaughtered,  according to USDA and Agriculture Canada figures.

"Horses have been raised for sport, transport, security and companionship, but
never for slaughter and consumption," said Sen. Mary Landrieu, a Louisiana
Democrat who introduced the legislation. "There are very few regulations on the
drugs given to horses, and we cannot risk introducing dangerously toxic meat
into our food supply.   We must stop the slaughter of these beloved animals and
protect the public's health."

Oklahoma  Gov. Mary Fallin, a Republican, has said she is inclined to sign her
state's bill. No one in Oklahoma has applied for permission to slaughter horses,
and horse slaughter couldn't take place without USDA oversight.

State Rep. Skye McNiel, a Republican, said in an e-mail that she introduced the
bill as "a much more humane way to treat these animals, to manage the population
and to control the neglect that we are seeing when irresponsible owners decide
they can no longer take care of their horses."

The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals issued a statement
from Nancy Perry, senior vice president for government relations, expressing
disappointment "that the Oklahoma legislature would welcome the grisly and
predatory horse slaughter industry."

Europeans consumed 119,000 tons of horse meat in 2012, of which 21,250 tons came
from U.S. horses via Mexico and Canada, according to Keith Dane, director of
equine protection with the Humane Society of the United States.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Sue Ogrocki, AP State Sen. Al McAffrey, D-Oklahoma City, speaks
against the bill.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Invests $103 Million in Vital Watershed Projects

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is investing up to $103 million in post-disaster recovery and
the rehabilitation of aging dams in 19 States.





 "The Emergency Watershed Protection program is vital to communities repairing
damage and making improvements to reduce future damage from natural disasters,"
Vilsack said. "Since 2009, USDA has invested more than $647 million to help
local governments restore watersheds and protect communities from the aftermath
of devastating natural disasters like Hurricanes Irene and Sandy and fires and
flooding in the Southwestern United States."



 Funding through USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS), was
announced by Assistant Chief Kirk Hanlin at an event in Mother Neff State Park
outside Temple, Texas. In 2015, excessive rains overwhelmed the drainage systems
of many communities and threatened, damaged or destroyed culverts, bridges and
roads. NRCS will invest more than $21 million to help Texas communities remove
debris and stabilize streambanks to better protect drainage canals, utilities
and roads from future damage.



 Overall, NRCS will invest $93 million in Emergency Watershed Protection (EWP)
Program assistance to help state and local governments carry out much needed
recovery projects to address damage caused by floods, hurricanes, wildfires and
other natural disasters. Approximately $59 million will be used in recovery
projects in some of the hardest hit areas in Texas, Mississippi and Utah. About
$34 million will assist projects in Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado,
Florida, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Minnesota, Missouri, Ohio, South Carolina,
South Dakota, Tennessee, Washington, and Wyoming. A summary of projects by state
is available on the EWP website.



 Today's announcement also includes $10.4 million in Watershed Rehabilitation
Program funding to help communities rehabilitate aging dams that protect lives,
property and infrastructure like drinking water in rural communities downstream.
Of this, $4.8 million will be used in Texas to complete the design and
construction of four watershed rehabilitation projects in Ellis and Williamson
counties, and $3.7 million will be used in Utah for the construction of a dam
project within the cities of Lehi and Highland. About $500,000 will be used to
assess up to 25 aging dams nationwide this year.



 USDA watershed projects provide an estimated $2.2 billion in benefits annually
to local communities nationwide. Since 1948, USDA has helped local governments
construct nearly 12,000 dams in 47 states and Puerto Rico to help prevent
flooding and erosion damage, provide recreation opportunities, improve water
supplies for drinking and irrigation, and create habitat for wildlife.



 Since 2009, USDA has invested more than $29 billion to help producers make
conservation improvements, working with as many as 500,000 farmers, ranchers and
landowners to protect more than 400 million acres nationwide, boosting soil and
air quality, cleaning and conserving water and enhancing wildlife habitat. For
an interactive look at USDA's work in conservation and forestry over the course
of this Administration.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              May 1, 1997 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

US floods put cap on EEP

BYLINE: Colleen Ryan Washington

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 346 words


Funding for the United States' Export Enhancement Program, known as EEP, will be
reduced this year by up to $US90 million, or 90 per cent, under a bill expected
to go before Congress today.

However, Australian farmers have no great reason to celebrate. The EEP funding
is to be capped to provide funds for the disaster relief program put in place
after the devastating floods in North Dakota earlier this month.

The effect on EEP applies only to the 1997 year, which ends on October 1. The
EEP funding for next year, at least under the Budget proposed by President
Clinton, is $US500 million - a significant increase on this year's $US100
million.

Nevertheless, the cap on EEP funding this year may well have an impact on the
international wheat market. At the very least, there will be no EEP payments on
grain before October.

The Clinton Administration has opposed the cap on EEP funding. The Secretary of
Agriculture, Mr Dan Glickman, wrote to congressmen this week expressing his
displeasure. He noted that it was important for the US to retain its capacity to
respond to the subsidisation provided by competitors. He claimed that the cap
would establish an unfortunate precedent and would raise questions about the US
commitment to the export enhancement program.

The House Appropriations Committee chairman, Mr Bob Livingstone, who is
spearheading the Disaster Recovery Act, has listed the impact on EEP funding at
just $US23 million. This is the amount that would have been spent before the end
of the fiscal year. In fact, another $US67 million, allocated for expenditure
after the close of the year, will also be affected by the cap.

The need to provide offsetting cuts for expenditure on disaster relief has been
imposed by Republican leaders in Congress, who feared that the disaster relief
bill would not be passed if it involved additional expenditure. Democrats are
opposed to the offsets.

Other agricultural programs to be affected by the Disaster Recovery bill include
the Land Conservation Reserve scheme. This may also have an impact on the
international grain market.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1997 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 15, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Net Plummets At Farm Banks

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 12, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 186 words


The combined earnings of the nation's 37 Farm Credit Banks fell steeply in the
second quarter, and they may have a net loss in the third quarter and for the
full year, the Federal Farm Credit Banks Funding Corporation said yesterday.

For the second quarter, combined net income of the Farm Credit Banks plummeted
to $5.6 million, from $126.3 million a year earlier.

The depressed agricultural economy forced the banks to increase loan-loss
reserves and curtail new loans.

The provision for possible loan losses jumped to $207 million in the first six
months of 1985, from $41 million a year ago. Net loans outstanding fell to $74
billion on June 30, down $3.1 billion from Dec. 31, 1984. Actual loan losses
reached $159 million in the first half, surpassing the $122 million total for
all of 1984.

In addition, the banks provided $135 million in special assistance to one of
their members, the Federal Intermediate Credit Bank of Spokane, Wash. They have
also been asked to approve a broader assistance package valued at more than $300
million for another member, the Federal Intermediate Credit Bank of Omaha.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company

                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          September 28, 2002, Saturday

BONDS URGED TO REPLACE SUBSIDIES

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 467 words


FARMERS should be given bonds instead of continuing to receive production
subsidies under reform of the Common Agricultural Policy, an influential think
tank recommended yesterday.

The Foreign Policy Centre (FPC) suggested a move away from direct payments as
soon as possible.

It believes one way to soften the impact would be to issue tradable bonds which
farmers could sell immediately to enjoy a one-off "windfall" or retain to
receive slowly decreasing returns.

The income from their investment would be in addition to any funding for
projects which benefit the environment.

The policies to move away from production subsidies follow proposals by
Agriculture Commissioner Franz Fischler for reform of the CAP.

The report from the FPC - a centre-left think tank launched in 1998 by Tony
Blair - has been produced by Jack Thurston, once special advisor to former
agriculture secretary Nick Brown. Labour peer Lord Haskins was appointed as
project director.

It says: "For farmers wishing to stay in the industry the windfall could be used
for investment purposes. For farmers wishing to exit the industry it could serve
as an early retirement package."

Bonds could be calculated on the current level of direct subsidy, with upper
limits for farmers who currently receive the biggest hand-outs, the report says.

Those wishing to cash in their bond could sell them, possibly to financial
institutions, while those who kept hold of them would see the return fall over
time.

A move towards bonds was first proposed in 1990 and the European Union is
currently funding research into how it might operate.

The FPC also repeated calls from some quarters for farmers to take out private
insurance to guard against future crises.

"There is no reason why farmers cannot insure themselves against animal and crop
disease outbreaks," it says. "The additional costs of insurance will be passed
on to shoppers through higher prices.

"It might be worthwhile for the EU to subsidise insurance schemes."

The report says there needs to be greater openness within the EU, with
information readily available on the level of subsidies each farm receives along
the lines of the United States where such details are accessible over the
Internet.

It also backs suggestions for the smallest farms in the EU to be exempt from
subsidy cuts, with the burden falling on the largest two per cent which receive
24 per cent of the total pounds 27 billion in yearly CAP payments.

The study was carried out to consider how a radical programme of reform
announced by Commissioner Fischler in July could be implemented without being
severely watered-down.

France, Portugal and Ireland, which have all benefited heavily from the CAP,
have argued against change until at least 2006.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2002 Century Newspapers Limited

                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Weston County Gazette (Upton, Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 4, 2010

USDA ANNOUNCES GRANTS FOR DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES TO STRENGHTHEN RURAL
COMMUNITIES

BYLINE: Weston County Gazette staff

LENGTH: 365  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the selection of community
based organizations in 18 states to receive funding to pro-mote economic growth.
USDA Rural Development Rural Housing Administrator Tammy Trevino made the
announcement on Vilsack's behalf while attending an event with Senator Blanche
Lincoln at the Arkansas Studies Institute in Little Rock. The organizations will
receive more than $6.5 million in total grants to support rural economic
development efforts.

In Wyoming, $251,706 in Rural Development funding will be used to provide
technical assistance to low-income communities through the highly successful
Community Assessment program offered by the Wyoming Community Network. The
assistance will focus on economic development, community facility development,
energy conservation and efficiency, and housing. Forty-three communities in 17
counties are eligible.

Additional funding for the project has also been provided by
Manufacturing-Works, Wyoming Rural Development Council, Wyoming
Entre-preneur.BIZ, Wyoming Economic Development Association, Wyoming Chamber of
Commerce Executives, Wyoming Association of Municipalities, Converse Area New
Development Organization, and the Wyoming Business Council.

The funding announced is being provided through USDA Rural Development's Rural
Community Development Initiative Program which helps community based development
organizations, federally recognized Indian tribes and other groups promote
economic growth in low-income, rural communities. Recipients are required to
obtain matching funds, increasing the value of the grants. The grants are
awarded to public or nonprofit intermediary organizations. The funds are then
provided to recipients, which must be located in eligible rural areas. Funding
of individual recipients is contingent upon their meeting die conditions of the
grant agreement. The grant awards announced today are not provided tiirough the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.

Individuals or businesses interested in fur-ther information regarding the USDA
Rural Development and our programs may call (307) 233-6700 (Wyoming State
Office) or visit our web site at http://www.rurdev.usdti.gov/wy/.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WCG

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Weston County Gazette

                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                          September 12, 2015 Saturday

US helping Pakistan's wheat rust surveillance

LENGTH: 428  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Sept. 12 -- The US-Pakistan Wheat Productivity Enhancement Programme
(WPEP) held its annual meeting in Islamabad. Through the partnership, the United
States, utilising expertise from the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) and with funding provided jointly by USAID, is supporting efforts to
strengthen Pakistan's wheat rust surveillance efforts, enhance collaboration
with international researchers, and improve breeding methods and testing in
collaboration with the Pakistani government.

Wheat rusts, which have caused hundreds of millions of dollars in crop losses
during the past 50 years in Pakistan, are a critical issue for farmers
worldwide. The dynamic programme is an international collaboration with a
consortium of the Pakistani government and university research facilities, USDA,
International Centre for Maize and Wheat Improvement (CIMMYT), and the
International Centre for Agricultural Research in Dryland Areas (ICARDA). The
primary goal of the programme is to protect and enhance the productivity of
wheat in Pakistan, with particular attention to wheat rusts, which are difficult
and expensive to treat with pesticides. The only real way to deal with the
disease, according to experts with the USDA, is through the development of new,
disease resistant strains of wheat. "Long term, durable, genetic resistance to
wheat rusts requires in-depth and on-going research focused on the pathogens
involved, varieties being developed and management of the best production
practices," said USDA ARS Plant Science Research Unit Leader Dr David Marshall.
He said a unique pool of wheat genetic resources has been developed by this
project, adding that these genetic resources could be used by Pakistani and US
wheat breeders to improve disease resistance as well as grain yield and flour
quality. Agriculture is Pakistan's second largest sector, accounting for more
than 21% of the nation's GDP. It remains the largest employer in the country,
with 46% of the labour force working in farming. The USDA is continuing its long
history of support for the Pakistani scientists and farmers to enhance
agricultural productivity in the country, support economic objectives and meet
food security needs. Wheat accounts for 60% of the daily caloric intake of the
average Pakistani, and is grown on over 9 million hectares of land throughout
the country.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

United States: National Robotics Initiative (NRI) Project

LENGTH: 342  words


The goal of the National Robotics Initiative is to accelerate the development
and use of robots in the United States that work beside, or cooperatively with,
people. Innovative robotics research and applications emphasizing the
realization of such co-robots acting in direct support of and in a symbiotic
relationship with human partners is supported by multiple agencies of the
federal government including the National Science Foundation (NSF), the National
Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the National Institutes of Health
(NIH), and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). The purpose of this
program is the development of this next generation of robotics, to advance the
capability and usability of such systems and artifacts, and to encourage
existing and new communities to focus on innovative application areas. It will
address the entire life cycle from fundamental research and development to
industry  manufacturing and deployment.  Methods for the establishment and
infusion of robotics in educational curricula and research to gain a better
understanding of the long term social, behavioral and economic implications of
co-robots across all areas of human activity are important parts of this
initiative.  Collaboration between academic, industry, non-profit and other
organizations is strongly encouraged to establish better linkages between
fundamental science and technology development, deployment and use.


Two classes of proposals will be considered in response to this solicitation:
Small projects: One or more investigators spanning 1 to 5 years.
Large projects: Multi-disciplinary teams spanning 1 to 5 years.
As detailed in the solicitation, appropriate scientific areas of investigations
may be related to any of the participating funding organizations. Questions
concerning a particular project%s focus, direction and relevance to a
participating funding organization should be addressed to the appropriate person
in the list of agency contacts found in section VIII of the solicitation.

country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 22, 2003 Sunday

Tax case leaves funding in limbo; Conservation programs worry about cuts if Iowa
Supreme Court rules for casinos

BYLINE: mailto:jeverly@wcinet.comJOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. a1

LENGTH: 686 words


Iowa's soil and water conservation programs emerged from this year's legislative
season unscathed, despite budget scares at the state house.

And while funding is safe for now, a pending Iowa Supreme Court decision could
yet scuttle much of Iowa's conservation efforts.

On June 9, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed the lower court's ruling that
declared unconstitutional Iowa's two-tiered gambling tax, which taxed the
state's racetrack casinos at a significantly higher rate than riverboat gambling
operations. The case now heads back to the Iowa Supreme Court, which will either
abide by the high court's decision or uphold its earlier ruling. The decision
could cost the state $$ @112 million in reimbursements to the casinos.
Conservation proponents fear their programs would be among the first cut in such
a situation.

"If the Supreme Court rules against us we're basically shut down again," said
Bill Ihm, head of the Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship's
Conservation Division. Ihm said the state uses its conservation money to
leverage federal matching funds, so Iowa loses more than just state dollars.

"It would sure injure our ability to make progress," he said. Ihm said last year
the state invested $$ @15 million in conservation, which, leveraged

with federal and landowner dollars, yielded $$ @80 million in environmental
benefits.

County conservation districts use money from the state to match land owner
contributions to implement conservation practices.

"The reality is that all of our cost-share dollars are in those funds," said Deb
Ryun, Conservation Districts of Iowa Executive Director. "We're still down from
what we were a few years ago."

During this year's legislative session, the agriculture department and the
Department of Natural Resources lost $$ @16.5 million tagged for the state's
Environment First fund. The money was later restored by legislators. Lawmakers
then increased the fund to $$ @35 million for next year.

"I think that shows a real commitment from the legislature," said Rep. Gene
Manternach, R-Cascade. Manternach said the legislature also put $$ @11 million
in the state's Resource Enhancement and Protection Fund, which pays for numerous
conservation efforts.

"I think the support is there to hopefully continue the funding at these
levels," Manternach, a member of the House Agriculture Committee, said.

Resource Enhancement and Protection funds are widely used in Dubuque County,
said Mel Wilgenbusch, chairman of the Dubuque Soil and Water Conservation
District board of directors.

"When they originally took the REAP money away from us that was a concern.
That's where all our forestry projects were funded. We had people waiting for
funding on those projects," Wilgenbusch said.

This year, the district will spend $$ @29,100 in Resource Enhancement and
Protection money for various conservation projects. The district works with land
owners to plant trees and to make forest improvements. It also helps farmers pay
for and install field terraces to control erosion and grass buffer strips to
separate fields from creeks and rivers. Local conservation officials said they
have a waiting list of land owners wanting to implement conservation practices.

Whichever way the court rules, it will likely cost either local charities or
local conservation projects.

Gaming officials project the higher tax would drain about $$ @17 million in
Dubuque Racing Association distributions over the next five years. Local
charities would lose about $$ @8.5 million in revenue, as would the Dubuque
Greyhound Park & Casino.

Conservationists still worry about the future of programs, which they said are
often the first to be cut and the last to be restored during budget hardships.
Ryun said lawmakers restored Environment First funding only after aggressive
lobbying by conservation groups.

"We're not going to let the issue just hang," Manternach said. "I still fully
anticipate the state will win that case, and if we don't, we'll look at other
legislation to make it work."

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.

                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   The Blair Press (Blair-Taylor, Wisconsin)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 11, 2013

Ag programs face funding cuts in 2013-14 budget;
Danou

BYLINE: The Blair Press-Taylor staff

LENGTH: 825  words


Every odd numbered year brings a new budget in Wisconsin State Government. The
budget serves as a roadmap and sets the direction our state will go for the next
two years. As part of the process, each agency submits its own request for
funding that will allow it to pay staff, fund necessary programs and provide
services to people across Wisconsin.

The budget process has been underway since Gov. Walker introduced his state
budget about seven weeks ago. During that time, legislators have had the
opportunity to receive an overview from the Legislative Fiscal Bureau (LFB),
which provides the legislature with non-partisan, detailed information that
breaks down the budget into understandable terms. Legislators have also had the
chance to hear from state agencies and learn more about the details of their
individual budget request.

Last week, the Assembly Committee on Agriculture heard testimony from the
Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection (DATCP) regarding its
2013-2014 budget request. Since my first term in 2009, I have been a member on
the Ag Committee and have heard budget requests and testimony during Democratic
and Republican administrations. One thing I've learned the past few years is
that each biennium brings a different funding request for an agency.

Funding requests indicate what the priorities are for an agency for the next two
years. After hearing DACTP's funding request last week, it became clear there
are some changes to their budget that will directly impact our area and other
communities across Wisconsin. Unfortunately, there are successful programs that
will not receive any funding for the next-two years under' DATCP's current
request.

Programs that are receiving funding' elimination in the current DATCP budget are
the Agri cultural Development and Diversification, Buy Local, Buy Wisconsin, and
the Grazing Lands Conservation Initiative grants. It was surprising to learn
these successful and rela-tively inexpensive programs that help small businesses
start and expand are being cut. Specifically, the Agricultural Develop-ment and
Diversification grant" funding is $321,000 annually,' Buy Local, Buy Wisconsin
grants funding is $200,000 and the Grazing Lands Conservation Ini-tiative
funding is $375,000. These three programs total $896,000 annually and are set to
be elimi-nated.

I have heard from constituents and interested groups in the past few weeks
expressing their con-cern for funding elimination to these programs. They have
reached out and contacted people, at DATCP as well as other legislators.
Unfortunately, there has not yet been an attempt to put these programs and their
neces-sary funding back into the budget. I believe this is a missed opportu-nity
to make a successful small investment to help get our economy back on track.

During the past few years, we've witnessed our state and national economy
plummet and slowly recover. However, Wis-consin's economy has sputtered along at
a slower rate than the na-tional average and all of our Midwestern neighbors
have performed better in creating jobs. With Wisconsin's current ranking of 44th
in job growth, it is clear there is more work to do and that we should keep
agricultural and economic development programs that are successful.

'For generations, agriculture has been a major player in the Wisconsin economy.
We have created successful and relatively inexpensive programs that help farmers
get off the ground and become contributors to our state and local economy. I
encourage DATCP and the Republican-controlled legislature to reconsider the
proposed elimination of the Agricultural Development and Diversification, Buy
Local, Buy Wisconsin, and the Grazing Lands Conservation Initiative grants
because of their value in places like Western Wisconsin. These three programs
serve as an investment that not only creates jobs and expands business
operations, but also returns wages and revenue to our local and state economy.

For example, The Buy Local, Buy Wisconsin Program has a track record of proven
success. According to its 2009-2010 impact report, the program received $447,700
in state funding arid brought in $2.7 million in new local food sales during
2008-2010. The program also brought in over $600,000 in new investments with 38
new jobs created and 35 jobs retained. Additionally, these factors benefitted
over 1,200 Wisconsin producers and over 500 markets across the state. Clearly,
this is an effective arjd successful program that requires only a small
investment to make a positive economic impact.

We must keep programs in place that are successful arid will make us competitive
with our surrounding neighbors again. The budget is an important two year
roadmap for the direction of Wisconsin and it's important to know the details
and how our community will be affected. I'll provide more updates to this as
well as other issues that are important in the coming weeks as we work to move
our state forward.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BLP

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 The Blair Press Taylor

                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Announces Rural Schools Payments

LENGTH: 634  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced the investment of more than
$272 million will go to 41 states and Puerto Rico this year in support of local
schools, roads and forests through the Secure Rural Schools and Community
Self-Determination Act (SRS). The SRS is administered by the U.S. Forest
Service.





 "The Secure Rural Schools program has allowed USDA to work directly with
community leaders to meet rural communities' unique education, transportation,
and conservation needs," said Secretary Vilsack. "This support is part of the
Administration's ongoing commitment help rural communities remain
self-sustaining and prosperous."



 The payments from the Forest Service may be used to support public schools and
roads; to help maintain and improve the health of forests; and for other county
needs like implementation of "Firewise Communities" projects, development of
community wildfire protection plans and reimbursements for emergency services on
national forests. Forest projects are reviewed and recommended by resource
advisory committees made up of local residents working together to improve the
environment and to help provide jobs in rural communities.



 "I'm extremely pleased that the Forest Service is once again participating in
this essential program," said U.S. Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell. "As we've
seen repeatedly in past years, the Secure Rural School program not only provides
funding for schools and roads, but also provides funding for conservation
projects recommended by the collaborative Resource Advisory Committees."



 The Secure Rural Schools local resource advisory committees (RACs) provide the
public with opportunities to collaborate on the management of national forests
and grasslands. This year almost $27 million of the SRS funding will be used to
complete conservation projects on federal lands proposed by the local RACs. SRS
increases educational opportunities and contributes to local economies through
the jobs for implementation of local projects and the increased recreational
opportunities that those projects support.



 In South Carolina, for example, SRS funding helped a community repair a popular
horse trail on the Francis Marion National Forest with the additional benefit of
improving and protecting the integrity of nearby waterways. In Clearwater
County, Idaho, the community is converting a fuel oil boiler system at the
Pierce Community Center to use woody biomass culled from nearby State and
federal forestlands.



 Each state's payment amount is determined by a number of factors set in the
law, including the number of counties electing to share in that State's payment.
A breakdown of funding by state and county is available on the U.S. Forest
Service SRS website.



 The mission of the Forest Service, part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture,
is to sustain the health, diversity, and productivity of the Nation's forests
and grasslands to meet the needs of present and future generations. The agency
manages 193 million acres of public land, provides assistance to state and
private landowners, and maintains the largest forestry research organization in
the world. Public lands the Forest Service manages contribute more than $13
billion to the economy each year through visitor spending alone. Those same
lands provide 20 percent of the Nation's clean water supply, a value estimated
at $7.2 billion per year. The agency has either a direct or indirect role in
stewardship of about 80 percent of the 850 million forested acres within the
U.S., of which 100 million acres are urban forests where most Americans live.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                              May 16, 2014 Friday

Balmoral Show in pictures: Farm Minister upbeat for farming and food

LENGTH: 404  words


Farm Minister Michelle O'Neill has indicated that the new Rural Development
Programme for Northern Ireland will be a key funding vehicle

for the Going for Growth strategy, which was launched twelve months ago by the
Agri-Food Strategy Board.

The Minister was speaking at the Department of Agriculture Breakfast, the now
traditional start to Day 2 of Balmoral

Show.

Specifically, Going for Growth, will include the measures envisaged for the
proposed Farm Business Improvement Scheme, which will be the key funding vehicle
to drive on farm investment  over the next decade.

Commenting on the prospects for agriculture and food Michelle O'Neill was at
pains to communicate an upbeat message, citing the growing relationship now
developing between Northern Ireland and China as a case in point.

"I have seen at first hand the potential represented by China and I firmly
believe that our pig sector can do real business in that market over the coming
years," she commented.

The Farm Minister went on to confirm that veterinary delegations from the United
States, China, Russia and Australia will be in Northern Ireland before the end
of 2014.

"All of this is good further good news for our farming and food industries," she
stressed.

"We are now operating within a truly international marketplasce, where food is
concerned.  However, Northern Ireland is well placed to meet this challenge in
ways that will benefit farmers across the board."

On the issue of CAP reform the Minister explained that she wanted to arrive at a
settlement that best suited every farmer in Northern Ireland.

"I also want to make sure that the finalised policies are as straightforward as
possible to implement. I am fully aware of the strong

views held by the various farm stakeholder groups. But one facet of the debate
that seems to have been overlooked is the fact that the European Commission is
demanding the implementation of a CAP policy that is not over complicated.

"To take such an approach would leave us predisposed to disallowances and I,
most certainly, do not want this happening when it comes to agreeing the detail
of the new CAP support measures."

In stressing these points Michelle O'Neill seemed to be ruling out a scenario
which would see the creation of two CAP regions in Northern

Ireland. This is the key issue that has served to divide the various farm
stakeholder groups in the CAP reform debate that has been raging for the past
four months.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  News Letter

                              May 16, 2014 Friday

Balmoral Show in pictures: Farm Minister upbeat for farming and food

LENGTH: 404  words


Farm Minister Michelle O'Neill has indicated that the new Rural Development
Programme for Northern Ireland will be a key funding vehicle

for the Going for Growth strategy, which was launched twelve months ago by the
Agri-Food Strategy Board.

The Minister was speaking at the Department of Agriculture Breakfast, the now
traditional start to Day 2 of Balmoral

Show.

Specifically, Going for Growth, will include the measures envisaged for the
proposed Farm Business Improvement Scheme, which will be the key funding vehicle
to drive on farm investment  over the next decade.

Commenting on the prospects for agriculture and food Michelle O'Neill was at
pains to communicate an upbeat message, citing the growing relationship now
developing between Northern Ireland and China as a case in point.

"I have seen at first hand the potential represented by China and I firmly
believe that our pig sector can do real business in that market over the coming
years," she commented.

The Farm Minister went on to confirm that veterinary delegations from the United
States, China, Russia and Australia will be in Northern Ireland before the end
of 2014.

"All of this is good further good news for our farming and food industries," she
stressed.

"We are now operating within a truly international marketplasce, where food is
concerned.  However, Northern Ireland is well placed to meet this challenge in
ways that will benefit farmers across the board."

On the issue of CAP reform the Minister explained that she wanted to arrive at a
settlement that best suited every farmer in Northern Ireland.

"I also want to make sure that the finalised policies are as straightforward as
possible to implement. I am fully aware of the strong

views held by the various farm stakeholder groups. But one facet of the debate
that seems to have been overlooked is the fact that the European Commission is
demanding the implementation of a CAP policy that is not over complicated.

"To take such an approach would leave us predisposed to disallowances and I,
most certainly, do not want this happening when it comes to agreeing the detail
of the new CAP support measures."

In stressing these points Michelle O'Neill seemed to be ruling out a scenario
which would see the creation of two CAP regions in Northern

Ireland. This is the key issue that has served to divide the various farm
stakeholder groups in the CAP reform debate that has been raging for the past
four months.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNL


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  News Letter

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Balmoral Show in pictures: Farm Minister upbeat for farming and food

LENGTH: 404  words


Farm Minister Michelle O'Neill has indicated that the new Rural Development
Programme for Northern Ireland will be a key funding vehicle

for the Going for Growth strategy, which was launched twelve months ago by the
Agri-Food Strategy Board.

The Minister was speaking at the Department of Agriculture Breakfast, the now
traditional start to Day 2 of Balmoral

Show.

Specifically, Going for Growth, will include the measures envisaged for the
proposed Farm Business Improvement Scheme, which will be the key funding vehicle
to drive on farm investment  over the next decade.

Commenting on the prospects for agriculture and food Michelle O'Neill was at
pains to communicate an upbeat message, citing the growing relationship now
developing between Northern Ireland and China as a case in point.

"I have seen at first hand the potential represented by China and I firmly
believe that our pig sector can do real business in that market over the coming
years," she commented.

The Farm Minister went on to confirm that veterinary delegations from the United
States, China, Russia and Australia will be in Northern Ireland before the end
of 2014.

"All of this is good further good news for our farming and food industries," she
stressed.

"We are now operating within a truly international marketplasce, where food is
concerned.  However, Northern Ireland is well placed to meet this challenge in
ways that will benefit farmers across the board."

On the issue of CAP reform the Minister explained that she wanted to arrive at a
settlement that best suited every farmer in Northern Ireland.

"I also want to make sure that the finalised policies are as straightforward as
possible to implement. I am fully aware of the strong

views held by the various farm stakeholder groups. But one facet of the debate
that seems to have been overlooked is the fact that the European Commission is
demanding the implementation of a CAP policy that is not over complicated.

"To take such an approach would leave us predisposed to disallowances and I,
most certainly, do not want this happening when it comes to agreeing the detail
of the new CAP support measures."

In stressing these points Michelle O'Neill seemed to be ruling out a scenario
which would see the creation of two CAP regions in Northern

Ireland. This is the key issue that has served to divide the various farm
stakeholder groups in the CAP reform debate that has been raging for the past
four months.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNL


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 1, 2015 Wednesday

BRIEF: Lausanne Twp. receives roadwork grant, loan

BYLINE: Tom Ragan, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 181 words


July 01--Good news for Lausanne Township -- funding for repaving roads is on the
way.

U.S. Sen. Bob Casey announced that the United States Department of Agriculture
Rural Development has awarded a $9,000 grant and a $49,000 loan to Lausanne
Township in Carbon County.

The funds will be used to re-pave an existing road and repair existing
shoulders, Lausanne Township Chairman John Halechko confirmed Tuesday.

"This investment will help make important infrastructure upgrades in Lausanne
Township," Casey said in a release. "I'll continue to support efforts to ensure
we'll be investing in and improving community development in Carbon County and
across Pennsylvania."

Halechko said the township applied for the grant and loan.

Funds are awarded through the Community Facilities Direct Loan and Grant
Program, which aims to provide affordable funding to develop essential community
facilities in rural areas.

tragan@standardspeaker.com

___ (c)2015 the Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pa.) Visit the Standard-Speaker
(Hazleton, Pa.) at standardspeaker.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150701-ZX-BRF-Lausanne-Twp-receives-roadwork-grant-loan-0701-20150701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZX


                        Copyright 2015 Standard-Speaker

                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Reporter (Vacaville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 13, 2011 Tuesday

Solano County supervisors to hear good news

BYLINE: Melissa Murphy, The Reporter, Vacaville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 443 words


Dec. 13--Solano Grown, an effort to promote locally grown produce, continues to
grow in its marketing strategy with the help of more funding from the state.

A grant application sent in June to the California Department of Food and
Agriculture was successful and Solano County was awarded $50,000.

"This grant builds upon the marketing education and branding framework that has
already been developed and moves to area-wide advertising," county staff
explains in a report to the Board of Supervisors, who will hear about the
program when they meet today in Fairfield.

Goals in the grant include increasing awareness of the specialty crops produced
by local growers to both area residents and into surrounding communities, using
billboards, newspapers and radio advertisements.

The funds received will be used during the course of about three years to
advertise specialty crops produced in the county. The Solano County Agriculture
Department plans to use $20,000 in fiscal year 2011-12, $23,000 in fiscal year
2012-13 and $7,000 in fiscal year 2013-14.

Today, the supervisors will consider authorizing Solano County Agricultural
Commissioner Jim Allan to sign an agreement accepting the $50,000 and to
transfer $20,000 for the Specialty Product Block Grant, "Solano Grown Marketing"
program costs in fiscal year 2011-12.

Solano Grown first sprouted in 2009 when the United State Department of
Agriculture awarded Solano with $51,106 in funding for the purpose of
establishing

a direct market program for its crops.

That money, according to staff was used to "establish a logo and market brand to
differentiate Solano County agricultural products, development of a website
highlighting local agricultural producers, educational events for local growers
focused on direct marketing techniques and the purchase and distribution of
promotional products highlighting the brand and increase visitation and
awareness of local food suppliers in the local community.

"These objectives have been met and Solano Grown is moving forward as a
recognized organization within the community, supporting economic viability for
local farmers and ranchers," staff said in the report.

Additionally, supervisors will receive a presentation on the performance
measures of the Farmers Market Promotion Program and authorize Allan to sign a
four-year trademark license and property transfer agreement with the county and
Solano Grown.

The Solano County Board of Supervisors meets at 9 a.m. in the County Government
Center, 675 Texas St., Fairfield.

___ (c)2011 The Reporter (Vacaville, Calif.) Visit The Reporter (Vacaville,
Calif.) at www.thereporter.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111213-VA-Solano-County-supervisors-to-hear-good-news-1213-20111213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VA


                          Copyright 2011 The Reporter

                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 21, 2011 Saturday

Funding available to help weatherize homes

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 284 words


May 21--PRINCETON -- United States Department of Agriculture Rural Development
is partnering with the U.S. Department of Energy to help low-income homeowners
weatherize their homes. A broad range of weatherization improvements are
eligible for grants and low-interest loans -- everything from installing
insulation to replacing leaking windows to repairing heating and cooling
systems.

Rural Development weatherization assistance is available in rural areas through
its home repair loan and grant program. The agency offers loans of up to $20,000
at 1 percent interest to homeowners who meet income guidelines.

The loan can be repaid over a period up to 20 years. A typical $5,000 loan over
20 years would cost a homeowner $23 per month.

Grants of up to $7,500 can be made to seniors age 62 or older. There is a $7,500
lifetime limit on grants. A grant and loan combination can be made if the
applicant can repay only part of the total cost.

The Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity administers the
program's funding, distributing it through 29 downstate Illinois community
action agencies.

The program is geared toward helping the elderly, people with disabilities and
families with children.

For more information on the Rural Development repair loan and grant programs,
contact the USDA Rural Development office in Princeton at 815-875-8732, ext. 4.

To see more of The Daily Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.saukvalley.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110521-YG-Funding-available-to-help-weatherize-homes-0521-20110521

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2011 Daily Gazette

                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



               The Billings County Pioneer (Medora, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 29, 2015

Eligible organizations encouraged to support programs for new farmers and
ranchers

BYLINE: The Billings County Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 138  words


U.S. Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., encourages eligible organizations - such as
federal, state, and tribal agencies, community-based and nongovernmental
organizations, and academic institutions, among others - to apply for available
federal resources to support educational training and mentoring programs for new
and beginning farmers and ranchers.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Beginning Farmer and Rancher
Development Program (BFRDP) has made available more than $18 million in federal
funding for organizations to train and develop new and beginning farmers and
ranchers through workshops, technical assistance, and other means. Funding for
BFRDP is authorized through the 2014 Farm Bill, a program that Heitkamp fought
to include in the bill.

Applications for Fiscal Year 2015 are due by 4 p.m. CT on March 13, 2015.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BIL

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2015 The Billings County Pioneer

                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 29, 1984, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

KEY FARM LABORATORY PLANS 'OVERDUE' MOVE TO GENETICS

BYLINE: By BILL KELLER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 950 words

DATELINE: BELTSVILLE, Md., May 27


Federal agricultural scientists here are planning an ambitious and, some say,
overdue shift in emphasis from conventional plant and animal breeding programs
to genetic engineering and related biotechnologies.

In a draft report now circulating at the Agricultural Research Service's center
here, as well as in interviews, top officials of the center said that over the
next few years they hoped to quadruple their spending on research employing
cloning and splicing of genes, transfer of embryos, regeneration of plants from
tissue cultures, synthesis of hormones and use of monoclonal antibodies.

''We're not getting into things that will yield instant products,'' said H.
Graham Purchase, the center's special scientific adviser. ''These are basic,
long-range, high-risk types of research that involve a whole range of new
technologies.''

Some Potential Uses


The ultimate payoff, the scientists say, could be dramatic. Biotechnologies hold
the long-term promise of fabricating new hormones to produce meatier hogs and
cattle, fostering soil microbes that break down toxic farm chemicals before they
contaminate ground water, adjusting photosynthesis to multiply the edible yield
of fruits and vegetables, and enhancing the nitrogen-fixing properties of plants
to minimize the need for fertilizers.

The Agricultural Research Service is one of two research arms of the United
States Agriculture Department, and the Beltsville proposal comes on the heels of
a similar new move by the other arm, the Cooperative State Research Service.
That agency, which works through grants to nongovernment scientists, has
proposed to award $28.5 million, more than half its competitive grants budget,
to projects in biotechnology. In the current year the program has no money
earmarked for genetic engineering work.

Farmer Resistance Expected

Taken together, officials said, the two programs represent a significant
response to years of criticism that the Agriculture Department was lagging
behind industry and university laboratories in modern techniques, and focusing
too closely on the insular problems of individual commodities.

In the last few years, the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy
and some members of Congress have chided the Agriculture Department for leaving
the front lines of Government biological research to the National Institutes of
Health and the National Science Foundation. They have prodded the department
toward more basic research.

''It's overdue, but it's a good move,'' said Skip Stiles, a consultant to the
House subcommittee that oversees farm research. ''Agriculture is probably the
biggest area for the use of biotechnologies, as big or bigger than
pharmaceuticals.''

Agriculture Department officials said the new thrust might meet resistance from
members of Congress from farm states and specialized farm groups, who
traditionally have demanded that Federal research concentrate on areas that can
be quickly translated to farm use.

Beltsville is the flagship of 149 Agricultural Research Service sites, many of
which are devoted to the priorities of local farmers rather than to broad
research goals.

Mr. Stiles said he had questions about whether the research service had the
staff and equipment needed to handle a surge of high-technology research. He
noted that as a commercial industry in biological engineering grows, the
Government may have trouble competing to keep top scientists.

The draft report, which was prepared by a committee under Dr. Purchase,
acknowledges both a need for major upgrading of postdoctoral programs to lure
personnel, and a need for costly equipment.

''There are few labs adequately equipped, organized, and of sufficient size to
carry out the types of research proposed by this committee,'' the report said.

The new research emphasis may also meet some resistance because of fears about
that health and environmental impacts of genetic engineering experiments.

Experiment Is Called Off


Earlier this month a Federal judge halted what would have been the first outdoor
experiment with genetically engineered organisms. A University of California
researcher proposed to treat a potato field with bacteria that had been doctored
to make the plants resist frost. The court ruled that the environmental risks
had not been adequately studied.

Scientists at Beltsville and Congressional aides said, however, that the
proposed research within the Agricultural Research Service would be at a more
exploratory level, years removed from field testing.

Waldemar Klassen, an entomologist who was named director of the Beltsville
center last fall, said he would propose a ''fourfold'' increase in the budget
for biotechnology-related work over the next few years.

''That's what we need to have a credible program,'' he said. He estimated that
the center now spends $6.5 million a year, less than 10 percent of its budget,
on work in that area.

Success With Apples


Dr. Klassen said the push in biotechnologies would not mean abandoning more
familiar projects, which have included breeding of the meaty ''Beltsville
Turkey'' and the easy-to-harvest ''hairless sugar beet.'' But ''the conventional
approaches are being de- emphasized,'' he said.

Beltsville scientists already have built a reputation in some areas of
biotechnology.

Dr. Klassen shows visitors jars full of uniform apple seedings, scores of them
produced from a tiny slice of apple tissue. One Belsville scientist, Dr. Freddi
Hammerschlag, is working on producing disease-resistant peaches by exposing
peach cells to a disease and propagating new seedlings from the surviving cells.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company

                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Hoeven Announces $4 Million in USDA Funding for Midwest Honey Bee Habitat
Assistance

LENGTH: 365  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) will provide $4 million in funding to farmers and ranchers in North
Dakota and four additional Midwest states to help improve the health of honey
bee populations. As a member of the Senate Agriculture and Appropriations
Committees, Hoeven has worked to provide funding and support for programs to
help prevent declines in pollinator populations.

"North Dakota leads the nation in the production of honey," said Hoeven. "Honey
bees are crucial to the agriculture industry, and this program will help to
improve the health of these important pollinators in North Dakota and the
Midwest."

As a member Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, Hoeven continues
to work to secure funds that protect pollinator health through research and
programs for farmers and ranchers, such as the Pollinator Health Initiative and
pollinator research funds within the Agriculture Research Service (ARS). In May,
the Appropriations Committee approved the Fiscal Year 2015 Agriculture
Appropriations Bill, which included an increase of $4 million for research into
bee health within USDA ARS, in addition to encouraging increased prioritization
of pollinator and Colony Collapse Disorder research proposals within the
National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA). As a farm bill conferee,
Hoeven also worked to include strong pollinator health programs in the 2014 Farm
Bill.

The funding announced today will be available to producers in North Dakota,
South Dakota, Minnesota, Michigan and Wisconsin and will assist producers in
implementing practices to provide honey bees with safe and diverse food sources.
The funding today builds on a $3 million pilot investment that USDA announced
earlier this year.

Applications for funding, which will be provided to farmers and ranchers through
the Natural Resources Conservation Service's (NRCS) Environmental Quality
Incentives Program (EQIP), are due Friday, November 21.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Prairie Post (White City, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 27, 2010

Grant awarded

BYLINE: The Prairie Post staff

LENGTH: 210  words


Carissa McKenzie, Alta Vista, has been awarded a $5,989 grant from the North
Central Region Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education Program
(NCR-SARE), for a project, "Connecting Farmer to Consumer Through Small Business
of Rural Main Street." The grant was awarded as part of NCR-SARE's Farmer
Rancher Grant Program.

It is one of 46 projects selected this year for funding in a 12-state region.
The NCR-SARE began a competitive grant program in 1992, exclusively to fund
producers striving for agriculture sustainability.

Every farmer and rancher will use the funding to implement a sustainable farm
project. Up to $6,000 can be awarded to individual farmers and up to $ 18,000
for groups of three or more farmers.

Funding considerations are made based on how well the applicant articulates the
nature of the research and education components of their sustainable agriculture
grant proposals.

Since 1988, the U.S. Department of Agriculture's NCR-SARE program has awarded
more than $40 million in competitive grants to farmers, and ranchers,
researchers, education, public and private institutions, nonprofit groups, and
others exploring sustainable agriculture in 12 states.

Additional information is avail-able on the web at: www.sare.org/ncrsare
@unm.edu.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TPP

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2010 The Prairie Post

                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             June 26, 2012 Tuesday

Wisconsin: Ash borer spreading rapidly while funds to fight pest dry up

BYLINE: By Lee Bergquist Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

SECTION: BREAKING; Outdoors; Wisconsin

LENGTH: 382 words


The emerald ash borer has flared up in unprecedented numbers this month in
Wisconsin, underscoring the growing influence the destructive beetle is having
on the state's landscape since first detected in 2008.

But as the invasive bug spreads, state funding has dropped sharply for the
agency charged with looking for the emerald ash borer.

State officials said that a state detection program could be largely eliminated
in 2013 if federal funding is lost.

So far this month, authorities have made eight new finds, including two
announced Tuesday, June 26, in Janesville and in the Richard Bong Recreation
Area in Kenosha County.

The finding at Bong is the first instance that the insect has been detected on
state property. The pest is responsible for killing tens of millions of trees in
the eastern U.S. and Canada.

Emerald ash borers have now been found in 12 Wisconsin counties: Brown,
Crawford, Kenosha, La Crosse, Milwaukee, Ozaukee, Racine, Rock, Vernon,
Walworth, Washington and Waukesha.

Studies of the oldest infestation in Newburg, on the border of Ozaukee and
Washington counties, have shown the outbreak to have started from 2003 to 2005
-- years before its discovery.

"After seven or eight years, you kind of see a blossoming," said Brian D. Kuhn,
director of the Plant Industry Bureau at the state agriculture department.

"I think that we've entered a new phase for emerald ash borer," Kuhn said.

Meanwhile, as the number of discoveries grow, especially in southern and eastern
Wisconsin, state funding for the agency charged with looking for the emerald ash
borer has dropped sharply.

The budget for emerald ash borer at the Department of Agriculture, Trade and
Consumer Protection has fallen from a high of $2.3 million in fiscal 2009-10 to
$545,000 for the 2012 calendar year -- a drop of 76 percent.

The agency gets much of its money from the federal government, which is
projecting to pare funding to fight the insect even more.

The budget for the emerald ash borer in the federal government's 2011 federal
fiscal year was $37 million, according to the U.S. Animal and Plant Health
Inspection Service.

It fell to $9.7 million this year and would drop to $4.9 million under the
budget of President Barack Obama's administration.

"We're expecting dramatic reductions from the feds," Kuhn said.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Scientists estimate the emerald ash borer has been in the United States
for 10 to 15 years, quietly acclimating to its new home.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 19, 2014 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces First Citrus Greening Funding Allocations and
Appointments to Citrus Disease Subcommittee

LENGTH: 920  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

United States Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced more than $1.5
million in funding to expand bio-control efforts to fight Huanglongbing (HLB),
also known as citrus greening. This action is the first designation of funds by
the Huanglongbing Multi-agency Coordination Group (HLB MAC Group) since it was
established by Vilsack in December.

"Citrus greening poses a significant threat to the citrus industry and the
thousands of jobs that depend on it. It could also further drive up fruit and
juice prices if we don't act," said Secretary Tom Vilsack. "USDA is committed to
fighting and beating this destructive disease."

The funds announced today have enabled USDA to sign cooperative agreements with
Florida (Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumers Services), Texas (Texas
Citrus Pest and Disease Management Corporation), and California (Citrus Research
Board and California Department of Food and Agriculture) to coordinate the fight
against citrus greening. These joint efforts will significantly increase the
production of the parasitic wasp known to control populations of Asian citrus
psyllid (ACP), the pest that spreads citrus greening in citrus trees.

Florida, Texas and California have developed biocontrol expansion plans that
factor in regional elements in order to quickly bolster biocontrol production
and release. This will expand the ability to control the ACP on a larger scale,
especially in urban areas where citrus trees grow in yards as well as organic
orchards. USDA's efforts surrounding biocontrol date back to 2009.

Secretary Vilsack created the HLB MAC Group last December to foster greater
coordination among federal and state agencies in responding to citrus greening.
The Group includes representatives from USDA's Animal and Plant Health
Inspection Service (APHIS), Agricultural Research Service (ARS), and National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA), as well as State departments of
agriculture and the citrus industry. The HLB MAC Group serves to coordinate and
prioritize Federal research with industry's efforts to complement and fill
research gaps, reduce unnecessary duplication, speed progress, and more quickly
provide practical tools for citrus growers to use.

Previous USDA research funding to fight HLB includes commitments of
approximately $1.5 million in each of the past three fiscal years by ARS in
addition to NIFA steadily awarding increased grants from $878,000 in FY 2009 up
to $10.4 million in FY 2012. Since 2006, the USDA has cumulatively invested more
than $300 million on research efforts and actions associated with citrus health
and combating citrus greening.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack also announced today the appointment of 3
individuals to serve on the Citrus Disease Subcommittee, a subcommittee of the
National Agricultural Research, Extension, Education, and Economics (NAREEE)
Advisory Board's Specialty Crop Committee.

In 2011, the Secretary established the Citrus Disease Research and Development
Advisory Committee as a permanent committee within the NAREEE Advisory Board to
study the scope and effectiveness of research, extension, and economics programs
affecting the citrus industry as it directly relates to citrus disease
particularly citrus greening. The Agricultural Act of 2014 formally codified the
Citrus Disease Subcommittee, which is composed of 9 members and operates under
the auspices of the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Research, Education,
and Economics (REE) Mission Area.

Each of the 9 Citrus Disease Subcommittee members must be a producer of citrus
from Florida (5 representatives), California or Arizona (3 representatives), or
Texas (1 representative). Each member serves a 2-3 year appointment. Terms for
members overlap so that approximately one-third of the Subcommittee is replaced
and/or reappointed each year.

The following members have been appointed to a 3-year term to expire on
September 30, 2016:

David F. Howard, Vice President, Graves Brothers Company in Vero Beach, Florida;

 Matthew McLean, CEO and Founder of Uncle Matt's Organics in Clermont, Florida;
and
 Justin D. Brown, Vice President and General Manager, D Bar J Orchards, Inc. in
Orange Grove, California.

The Citrus Disease Subcommittee advises the Secretary of Agriculture on citrus
research, extension, and development needs, engages in regular consultation and
collaboration with USDA, and provides recommendations for research and extension
activities related to citrus disease.

The new members of the Citrus Disease Subcommittee will start work almost
immediately when the subcommittee holds its first meeting beginning at noon on
Monday, May 19 and Tuesday, May 20, 2014, at the NIFA Waterfront Center, 800 9th
Street, SW, Washington, DC. Members will begin with a brief orientation session
and an overview of current USDA research activities related to citrus greening.
The members will then develop recommendations and vote on the priorities and
agenda of the Emergency Citrus Disease Research and Extension program.

The meeting is open to the public, but those interested in attending must
register by contacting Shirley Morgan-Jordan at Shirley.Morgan@ars.usda.gov or
calling (202) 720-3684. A public comment period will be available at the end of
each meeting or interested individuals may provide written comment for the
public record if it is postmarked by May 30, 2014.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Monroe County Appeal

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 6, 2009

NEWS FROM THE SENATE;
Wes Shoemyer The Agriculture Session

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 520  words


When Missouri lawmakers return to Jefferson City in January, one of the first
major bills we will discuss will be an omnibus agriculture bill. Toward the end
of the 2009 legislative session, I received assurances from Senate leadership
that the agriculture bill would be one of the first bills out of the gate in the
2010 session. Although agriculture is Missouri's number one industry, it has not
received serious consideration from the General Assembly in several years. In
fact, state financial support for agriculture has declined dramatically in the
past few years - at a time when our family farmers are struggling to stay in
business.

The Missouri Department of Agriculture reports total General Revenue
appropriations for agriculture (excluding biofuels and other pass-throughs) went
from $14.7 million in 2001 to $10 million in the FY 2010 budget that took effect
July 1. That's a decline of 32% in state support for agriculture over the past
decade. If we want to preserve family fanning in Missouri and protect our top
industry, this trend must change.

An agriculture working group from the state Senate met this week to map out our
priorities for the next legislative session. My friends Senators Dan Clemens and
Bill Stouffer, the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Senate Agriculture, Food
Production and Outdoor Resources Committee, both of whom are farmers, are part
of this important panel.

In addition to finding ways to increase funding for agricultural programs and
services, we also talked about the need for more inspectors in the grain market.
A lack of inspectors has been cited in the T. J. Gieseker grain scandal in
Audrain County. The state Department of Agriculture has received 180 claims from
affected farmers totaling over $27-million. By the way, the Dept. of Agriculture
has scheduled an administrative hearing on the Gieseker case for Friday, August
7 at 10 a.m. at the Knights of Columbus Hall in Mar-tinsburg.

It's going to be very important that we work with members of both parties in the
House and the Senate to get something done for agriculture next session. This is
not a partisan issue, and it's often said that you can get a lot done in
Jefferson City if you don't care who gets the credit.

Our working group will meet again soon to gather ideas for the next legislative
session, and we plan to begin drafting a bill during the annual Veto Session in
September in order to have a bill ready to pre-file in December since the first
bills filed are usually the first to receive a hearing.

We are asking the Department of Agriculture to present a list of needs and
priorities for our state's top industry in order to justify any proposed
increase in funding for agriculture. I look forward to working with agricultural
groups throughout Missouri to find common areas of agreement in order to move
agriculture forward in Missouri.

If you have any questions or comments about this or any other issue, give my
Capitol office a call at (573) 751-7852, send me an email at
wes.shoemver@,senate.m o.gov. or drop a line to Room 434, State Capitol, 201
West Capitol Ave., Jefferson City, MO 65101.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regional Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2009 Monroe County Appeal

                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

FAO, USDA help bring in new geo-spatial system forecasting crop yields

LENGTH: 511  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Oct. 30 -- It is encouraging Food Agriculture Organisation (FAO)
United Nation and United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) is working with
Pakistan's specialists to bring some of the latest technologies into agriculture
sector.Sikandar Hayat Khan Bosan federal Minister for National Food Security and
Research addressing participants of one-day workshop on Pakistan Agriculture
Information System introducing geo-spatial crop forecasting system in Pakistan
said country was in need to strengthen its role in the world's agricultural
markets and ensuring food security of people.

Bosan said with the use of this system, our government and farmers would have
access to accurate, timely and informative reports both at the provincial and
federal level.

USDA and FAO presented a new geo-spatial system for forecasting crop yields in
Pakistan. The new system will increase the accuracy and decrease the costs of
data collection on crop yields each year.

Crop yield forecasting is essential for the government to plan the country's
export targets and ensure food security, especially for the two major crops
wheat and rice, said FAO Pakistan representative Patrick T Evans.

Pakistan is a major player in the global commodities market. A poor year in
production of wheat or rice in Pakistan could have an impact on global food
prices and lead to increasing spending both worldwide and in Pakistan, besides
reducing food security in the country.

If government knows the yield of wheat or rice is going to be low, it can
arrange measures to prevent food shortages. Similarly, if the yield of cotton is
expected to be lower, the country can either import cotton to keep factories
running or adjust export targets and the plants for that year's budget spending
accordingly.

The new system was procured and installed by FAO with funding from the USDA at
Space and Upper Atmosphere Research Commission (SUPARCO) in Islamabad, Crop
Reporting Services of Punjab and Sindh, University of Agriculture Faisalabad and
Sindh Agriculture University Tando Jam.

Work was done under USDA-funded FAO 'Pakistan Agriculture Information Systems'
project which would work to improve the quality of agricultural statistics in
Pakistan using geo-spatial information.

With US funding, FAO provided the software and hardware for the crops monitoring
system and trained staff at SUPARCO, as well as at Crop Reporting Services of
Punjab and Sindh to support the adoption of satellite imagery data and for more
accurate forecasting of crop yields. Dr Iftikhar Ahmad Chairman Pakistan
Agriculture Research Council, Dr Nadeem Amjad, David William agriculture
Counselor US Embassy-Pakistan, Dr Otto Gonzalez of USDA, Imran Iqbal from
SUPARCO and other speakers highlighted various aspects of this system.

Specialists from FAO headquarters Rome as well as University of Maryland also
attended the event.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Monitor (Kampala)

                            October 31, 2011 Monday

U.S. Donates Shs50 Billion to Boost Agricultural Research

BYLINE: Yasiin Mugerwa

LENGTH: 392 words

DATELINE: Kampala


The US Mission in Uganda, through the US Agency for International Development
(USAID) has made a major contribution towards improving food security in Uganda
for the next five years through a $19 million (about Shs53.2b) agricultural
initiative.

This will focus on research to boost production and nutrition value of crops,
with benefits spilling to other countries in eastern Africa. Mr John Mark
Winfield, the deputy mission director of USAID, who announced the investment at
the weekend in Namulonge, outside Kampala said in a press release from the US
embassy in Kampala that investing in research is part of President Barrack
Obama's Feed the Future initiative and with the government of Uganda's
Agricultural Sector Development Strategy and Investment Plan including the
African Union-led Comprehensive African Agriculture Development Programme, which
aim to eliminate hunger and reduce poverty.

"The demand for agricultural products is projected to increase with the growing
population of Uganda and expansion of regional markets, but production is being
held back by challenging environmental conditions, pests and diseases," a
statement reads in part.

To overcome these challenges, USAID is collaborating with Uganda National
Agricultural Research Organisation (NARO) and funding research to develop
varieties appropriate for small farmers.

The US organisation will also support partnerships between NARO and global
consortiums such as the Consultative Group on International Agricultural
Research and American universities.

The initiative will build upon the existing strengths of USAID and NARO and
accelerate scientific advances in agriculture The initiative will build upon the
existing strengths of USAID and NARO and accelerate scientific advances in
agriculture.

According to authorities at the embassy, USAID will further collaborate with
Harvest Plus, a US-based NGO, to scale-up the production of bio-fortified and
nutritionally enhanced crop varieties, such as orange-fleshed sweet potato.

To date, USAID has provided the research centre with equipment for laboratory,
built a bio-safety greenhouse and four confined field facilities for testing
crop varieties.

The research funding is part of the five-year $150 million USAID commitment to
be invested in agriculture programmes in Uganda, under President Obama's Feed
the Future initiative.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved
