



Download Request: Select Items: 1-500
Time Of Request: Tuesday, March 28, 2017  14:00:42 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (usa state agriculture aid)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                               1 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       AUGUST 3, 1999 Tuesday SF EDITION

PARTS OF PA., 5 OTHER STATES DECLARED DISASTER AREAS FARMERS WHO HAVE LOST AT
LEAST 30 PERCENT OF THEIR INCOME BECAUSE OF THE DROUGHT CAN RECEIVE LOW-INTEREST
LOANS.

BYLINE: Mark Jaffe and Gail Gibson, INQUIRER STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 847 words


Prompted by withering crops and plummeting dairy production, the Clinton
administration yesterday declared parts of Pennsylvania and five other states
agricultural disaster areas.

The move will enable farmers who have lost at least 30 percent of their income,
as a result of the summer's searing drought, to draw up to $500,000 in
low-interest loans.

The disaster declaration covers 88 counties in parts of Pennsylvania, Ohio,
Kentucky, West Virginia, Virginia and Maryland.

Only four Western Pennsylvania counties are included: Fayette, Beaver, Green and
Washington.

But Robert Bunty, a spokesman for the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture,
said that "damage reports are being compiled from around the state . . . and
more counties will probably be added."

"Drought has affected everything from dairy farms to Christmas tree farms," said
Wilson Smeltz, a spokesman for the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau. "Everyone is
suffering."

In corn alone, the state's losses will add up to $100 million, according to Greg
Roth, a professor of agronomy at Pennsylvania State University.

The administration's response to what is being called the region's worst drought
since the 1930s comes as Congress is preparing its own national farm-aid
package.

But the congressional action is prompted not by farmers unable to grow enough,
but rather because most farms are growing too much.

While Eastern farmers are seeing their crops shrivel, Midwestern fields have
produced a glut of grain and soybeans that has driven down market prices.

The result is the most severe financial crisis on American farms since the
1980s, when farm failures rocked America and forced thousands of farmers off the
land.

Last week, farm-state Democrats proposed a $9.9 billion aid package to assist
farmers crippled by market prices and drought.

Senate Republican leaders are working on a measure of their own. But at least
one key Republican, Indiana Sen. Richard G. Lugar, said it was too soon to act.
Lugar, chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, instead wants to hold three
days of hearings to better understand the problems.

He set the first hearing for today, with Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman
scheduled to testify one day after touring drought-stricken farms in West
Virginia and Maryland.

Both Democrats and Republicans in Congress say they are frustrated by the
President's failure to lay out his own detailed emergency-aid proposal. The
White House suggested last week that Congress try to fix the 1996 Freedom to
Farm Bill before deciding on emergency aid.

Clinton asserted in his radio address Saturday that the 1996 bill, which
provides only limited subsidy aid, "simply does not do enough to help our
farmers and ranchers cope in hard times."

The 1996 bill removed most controls on what farmers grow, allowing them to
switch crops in pursuit of profits. In return, the farmers agreed to receive
only limited subsidies. But bad weather and markets have prompted Congress to
offer emergency farm aid year after year. Last year, Congress provided a record
$5.9 billion in such aid.

Lugar said he hoped this week's Senate hearings would draw the White House into
crafting a bipartisan plan. But even if the Senate acts, no farm-aid vote is
scheduled in the House, and Clinton is unlikely to sign emergency-aid
legislation before the fall.

Compared with a decade ago, farm prices are incredibly low, said Steve Riggins,
a University of Kentucky grain marketing specialist.

Soybean prices, more than $7 per bushel as recently as two years ago, might be
less than $4 this fall - their lowest price since the early 1970s, Riggins said.
Corn prices reached record highs around $5 per bushel in 1996, but now they
could come in under $2. Nationally, the U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates
that net farm income for the major crops will be $7 billion below the average
income for 1993-97 period - a 29 percent drop. Farm exports are expected to be
down 19 percent from 1996 levels.

The low prices generally are attributed to abundant grain harvests that have
coincided with a depressed global demand for food after last year's financial
collapses in Russia and Southeast Asia.

Penn State's Roth said that Pennsylvania farmers laboring under both low market
prices and a drought were facing a double whammy. "Not only are the yields going
to be low, but so are the prices," he said. "It can't be much worse."

This year's federal farm-relief package would be unique because it is likely to
be tied primarily to price drops instead of to weather. That fact underscores
White House concerns that the 1996 Farm Bill just isn't working.

For many in Congress and on the farm, when this year's aid package is passed
matters almost as much as what is in it.

Kentucky Agriculture Commissioner Billy Ray Smith said farmers could not make
financial plans or adjustments until they knew specifically what federal aid
might come. A check that arrives in the mail months from now, Smith said, "would
be kind of after the fact."

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Modesto Bee (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 21, 2007 Sunday

Officials seek aid for farm damage: Stanislaus County estimates $3M in crops
lost to cold snap

BYLINE: Rosalio Ahumada, The Modesto Bee, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 590 words


Jan. 21--Stanislaus County and state officials declared a state of emergency to
give farmers and agriculture-related businesses a chance to recuperate after a
freezing week of low temperatures ruined crops across the state.

About $3 million in damage to citrus, broccoli and spinach crops in Stanislaus
County were left in the wake. Those are early estimates and county officials
said the complete extent of the damage has not been determined.

"Some of the damage won't be known for days or weeks," said Milton O'Haire,
assistant agriculture commissioner for Stanislaus County. "We expect to see more
damage."

Gov. Schwarzenegger on Saturday added Stanislaus to the list of counties under
the state of emergency.

The declaration allows the state, on behalf of farmers with crop damage, to
request assistance for federal aid from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and
the Small Business Administration.

Along with the federal funding, the declaration increases the opportunity for
farmers to get low-interest loans or grants to supplement their financial
losses, O'Haire said.

"It opens the doors, at least," he said. "But nothing is guaranteed."

Within the past week, the governor's office extended the emergency declaration
to 15 other counties: Merced, Madera, Fresno, Kern, Tulare, Kings, Imperial, San
Bernardino, San Diego, Santa Clara, Riverside, Monterey, San Luis Obispo, Santa
Barbara and Ventura. Additional counties could be added.

In Stanislaus County, spinach was hit the hardest when temperatures dipped into
the 20s.

According to the county Agriculture Commissioner's Office, the freeze caused an
estimated $1.32 million in damage to 1,720 acres of spinach grown in the county.

An estimated $908,700 in damage was inflicted on 1,070 acres of broccoli.

In the 352 acres of citrus grown in Stanislaus County, which includes lemons,
grapefruits and a variety of oranges, $859,100 in damage has been estimated.

"It's a little worse than we initially thought," O'Haire said. "We didn't know
how cold it was going to stay."

The forecast over the next few days calls for lows in the 30s.

O'Haire said the freeze damage could throw off planting cycles for some crops,
such as young alfalfa set for harvesting in the spring.

On Friday, county Chief Executive Officer Rick Robinson announced Stanislaus'
state of emergency declaration -- the first step in seeking state and federal
aid.

That was followed by the county Office of Emergency Services' request for aid,
said Gary Hinshaw, the county fire warden and assistant director of emergency
services.

"We don't know how much has been impacted," Hinshaw said. "We wanted to also
consider those agriculture industry-related businesses. We did a broad-brush
request."

Hinshaw said county officials are determining the initial damage estimates,
which could be completed by Tuesday.

Labor losses at produce packaging facilities and other agriculture-related
businesses could push those damage estimates higher, O'Haire said.

"There are already some harvesting crews laid-off, at least temporarily,"
O'Haire said. "We don't have any numbers yet on the labor losses. It all depends
on how bad the damage is to the crops."

Bee staff writer Rosalio Ahumada can be reached at 578-2394 or
rahumada@modbee.com.

Copyright (c) 2007, The Modesto Bee, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070121-MO-0121-Officials-seek-aid-for-farm-damage

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MO


                         Copyright 2007 The Modesto Bee


                               3 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 1, 1998, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Big Aid Bill Likely for Farmers Hurt by Drought and Rain

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 11; Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 482 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 31


Though most highly productive farm regions seem to be on the way to bumper
crops, the drought in Texas and Oklahoma and the excess rain in the Upper
Midwest are now expected to require an emergency aid package topping $1 billion.

Earlier this month, the Senate approved $500 million in disaster aid, about half
of which would probably go to the Dakotas and Minnesota. With the drought
growing worse in Texas, Oklahoma and parts of the Southeast, Congress is
expected to increase the assistance before adjourning in October.

But on Thursday, Representative Larry Combest, Republican of Texas, said: "I
think we're talking about substantially more. We're looking at at least twice
that number and maybe more."

Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman told the House Agriculture Committee that the
Agriculture Department would soon revise its estimate of the costs in the
affected areas. Mr. Glickman said revision would come after the release of the
Aug. 12 crop production figures, which rely on actual field surveys of crops to
be harvested in the fall.

A Texas A&M University study has estimated more than $1.4 billion in direct
losses to farmers because of the drought and $4.6 billion in overall economic
loss. In Oklahoma, officials say the disaster could cost $2 billion in total
losses.

That comes on top of repeated disasters in the Upper Midwest, where wet weather
has spawned a wheat disease that has destroyed crops for several years in a row.
In North Dakota, Mr. Glickman said farm income fell 92 percent in 1997 compared
with the year before.

The House is expected to vote next week on a measure to permit farmers to
receive on Oct. 1 all or part of $5.5 billion in transition payments. That
money, which was scheduled to be paid next year, is intended to wean farmers
from the subsidy system that was done away with in 1996 with passage of a farm
law backed by Republicans. The Senate is expected to follow suit, and Mr.
Glickman said the Administration supported the move.

Aside from the weather disasters, Mr. Glickman said the overall farm economy was
in a tailspin that would cut income by $7.5 billion this year. Prices for corn,
wheat, soybeans and other commodities are off sharply because exports have
decreased because of the Asian financial crisis and huge crops have been
produced worldwide.

Projected fall harvests here are again expected to be huge and farmers are
taking on more debt, he said.

He said many producers will withstand the downturn because of the strong markets
of the early 1990's and because production expenses actually dropped $1 billion
this year because of low inflation, low interest rates and low oil prices.

In addition, unless weather patterns change markedly over the next few weeks,
there will be big crops through the Corn Belt and other areas, bringing higher
yields per acre that will soften the blow of lower prices.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                               4 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 14, 1994, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

FARMERS REAP 58 PERCENT OF U.S. DISASTER PAYOUTS

BYLINE: Kathleen Best Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: WAR PAGE; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 480 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


FARMING OPERATIONS collected nearly three-fifths of the $ 43.8 billion in
federal disaster assistance paid out over the last nine years - or 58 cents of
every federal disaster aid dollar, a new study shows.

And not all of that money was well or wisely spent, said the study conducted by
the Environmental Working Group, a nonprofit environmental policy organization
based in Washington.

"In large measure, disaster policy has functioned as another crop subsidy
program that transferred large amounts of income from taxpayers to high-risk
farming regions, high-risk farmers, or both," the report concludes.

Researchers for the working group analyzed more than 5 million records from the
U.S. Department of Agriculture documenting disaster aid and crop insurance
payments from 1985 to 1993.

Among their conclusions:

Farmers - from family farmers to corporate farmers to partnerships - collected $
25.2 billion in USDA emergency aid between 1985 and 1993. Of that total, $ 10.7
billion was in emergency loan write-offs by the Farmers Home Administration; $
8.8 billion was in direct disaster aid payments from the Agricultural
Stabilization and Conservation Service; and $ 5.7 billion was in taxpayer
subsidies of federal crop insurance.

Generous disaster aid payments to farmers actually discourage farmers from
taking out federal crop insurance.

An analysis of disaster aid payments showed that 959 farmers got such payments
every year for seven years between 1987 and 1993. Those recipients, the study
showed, took in $ 56 million in disaster aid from the ASCS for an average
payment of $ 58,523 each.

An additional 73,359 farmers collected disaster aid in four of the seven years.
Those producers got checks totaling nearly $ 1.5 billion - or an average payment
of $ 20,101 each.

Farmers who collected disaster aid in just one of the seven years averaged $
2,995 each.

The crop insurance program ran up $ 5.7 billion in taxpayer losses from 1985 to
1993. The report calculated taxpayer losses by adding the government subsidy for
insurance premiums to claims paid in excess of premiums collected between 1985
and 1993.

Overall, the study said, the government spent nearly $ 10 billion on the crop
insurance program and paid out $ 2.04 in claims for every dollar in premiums
collected.

The top 10 states for crop insurance losses were Texas, North Dakota, Minnesota,
Montana, Iowa, Georgia, Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska and South Dakota. Illinois
ranked 12th and Missouri 17th. Texas alone collected 15.6 percent of all
insurance payments.

The top 10 states for disaster assistance payments were Texas, North Dakota,
Minnesota, Kansas, Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, South Dakota, Michigan and
Georgia. Missouri ranked 13th - a ranking that may be misleading because the
study did not count all of the disaster payments from last year's flooding.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo by AP - A boat feels its way upstream on the Flint River
in Bainbridge, Ga., earlier this week where flooding has devastated much of the
southern part of the state. The flooding promises to escalate the nation's
mammoth disaster aid bills.

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                               5 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                          September 27, 2006 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

REIN IN EXCESSIVE DISASTER RELIEF;
THE FEDERAL FARM DISASTER AID PROGRAM BENEFITS TEXAS AND THE PLAINS STATES AT
WISCONSIN'S EXPENSE.

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 417 words


There is something wrong with the federal disaster relief program for
agriculture when farmers are not so much planting crops as they are planting a
means to collect disaster payments.

The $6.5-billion request for farm disaster aid that Congress is considering this
week is a reminder of how much some farmers have come to depend upon disaster
aid -- at taxpayers' expense.

Moreover, the aid request reminds Wisconsin of how big a loser the state is in
the economics of farm disaster relief. Over the past 10 years, Wisconsin ranks a
lowly 30th among states in disaster aid payments to farmers.

The biggest beneficiaries of aid were Texas and the Great Plains states.

It's time for Congress to rein in farm disaster payments, and it's time for
Wisconsin's congressional delegation to help make it happen.

Disaster aid, an important safety net for farmers, is a good investment for
taxpayers because it helps to protect the nation's food suppliers from financial
ruin due to unusually harsh weather.

But the key word should be "unusually." To Congress' discredit, the unusual has
become the perpetual.

Congress has been dispensing so much farm disaster aid that farmers have been
encouraged to plant on marginal land, where drought and other disasters are
common. An analysis of U.S. Agriculture Department data by a Washington, D.C.,
advocacy organization called the Environmental Working Group, found that more
than 76,000 farmers nationwide were collecting disaster aid in more years than
they were not collecting aid.

Farmers so disaster-prone that they collect payments more than half the time
render the word "disaster" meaningless.

As a result of the largesse, disaster relief payments to farmers reached $2.9
billion in 2003, more than 10 times the average annual total of the mid-1990s.
The total fell to $548 million in 2004, the most recent year for which complete
data are available.

A disproportionate share of the aid, year after year, goes to farmers in Texas
and the Great Plains. In fact, from 1995 through 2004 about a third of all farm
disaster aid went to four states: Texas, North and South Dakota and Oklahoma.

Texas and Plains states would be the prime beneficiaries of the $6.5 billion aid
package now before Congress.

Wisconsin, in contrast, gets relatively little disaster aid -- just $4 million
in 2004, compared with $169 million for Florida and $44 million for Texas.

Congress should start now to reform how it distributes disaster aid to make it
fairer for all farmers, and for taxpayers.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 7, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

HOUSE APPROVES $530 MILLION FARMERS' AID PLAN

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 11, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 539 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 6


The House today approved a package of drought relief measures designed to aid
farmers in the Southern and Middle Atlantic regions. The vote was 418 to 0.

The aid package, which was estimated to cost $530 million, was sent to the
Senate, which approved a similar proposal last week. Both Congressional
proposals are designed to complement a package of relief measures put into
effect last Friday by the Reagan Administration.

The Congressional measures, coupled with the Administration's assistance
program, would provide grain, feed, cash and other forms of aid to tens of
thousands of farmers in a 10-state region stretching from Alabama to southern
Pennsylvania, according to sponsors of the House bill. The region has suffered
for months because of high temperatures and a lack of rain.

Representative E. (Kika) de la Garza, Democrat of Texas, chairman of the House
Agriculture Committee, said: ''The additional assistance in our bill clearly can
not solve the entire drought problem, but it can help. In some cases, maybe we
can make the difference between survival and economic collapse for farm
families.''

The House legislation includes several provisions that are nearly identical with
those in the Reagan Administration's relief package. For instance, both programs
would enable farmers to split costs of feed with the Government. The cost of the
House feed program alone would total $300 million, the Congressional Budget
Office estimated Tuesday.

The Department of Agriculture said the Southern states affected by the drought
provided about $800 million in feed annually to their livestock. The House
program would give the farmers a supply of feed lasting approximately six
months, according to the House Agriculture Committee.

In addition, the House proposal would require the Agriculture Department to
monitor areas where livestock feed is scarce. The Secretary of Agriculture would
be required to transfer surplus stocks of Government grains to any region where
there was less than a three-day supply of feed. The feed would be donated to
farmers for the duration of the shortage.

The House relief measure also requires the Government to pay 80 percent of the
cost of transporting hay into areas where feed is in short supply if other
programs are not doing so.

The Congressional Budget Office estimated that monitoring feed and transporting
hay, coupled with several other programs, would cost $230 million.

The National Weather Service said today that the forecast through early next
week called for continued dry weather in most of the drought region. Earlier
this week three inches of rain fell in parts of Wayne County, a soybean and
sunflower growing region in eastern Georgia. This morning nearly an inch of rain
fell in Plains, Ga. But rain has not fallen in most of the west central and
southwestern areas of Georgia, which are the state's primary agricultural
regions.

Roger Getz, an agricultural meteorologist for the Weather Service in Auburn,
Ala., said: ''For the next five days we see about the same, just more dryness
and scattered afternoon and evening thundershowers. About the only positive
thing is that temperatures in the last few days have not been as hot as they had
been in July.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                               7 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hazard Herald (Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 6, 2016 Tuesday

Southeastern Kentucky farmers may be eligible for drought aid

BYLINE: The Hazard Herald, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 446 words


Dec. 06--FRANKFORT -- Farmers in 10 southeastern Kentucky counties may be
eligible for federal aid under an agricultural disaster declaration issued as a
result of the ongoing drought throughout the Commonwealth.

"The drought that has gripped Kentucky in recent months has been especially hard
on farmers," Agriculture Commissioner Ryan Quarles said. "Crops have been
affected, and livestock producers have been forced to feed hay earlier than
usual because their pastures are depleted. This aid will provide much-needed
resources for Kentucky farmers."

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack notified Gov. Matt Bevin by letter that
Vilsack has designated Bell, McCreary, and Whitley counties as agricultural
disaster areas. Farmers in counties contiguous to those counties also may be
eligible for aid; those counties are Clay, Harlan, Knox, Laurel, Leslie,
Pulaski, and Wayne, as well as Campbell, Claiborne, and Scott counties in
Tennessee and Lee County in Virginia.

A Secretarial disaster designation makes farm operators in the primary and
contiguous counties eligible to be considered for certain aid, including
emergency loans, from the U.S. Farm Service Agency (FSA). Farmers in eligible
counties have eight months from the date of the declaration to apply for
emergency loans. For more information on available aid, contact your local FSA
office or go to fsa.usda.gov.

Commissioner Quarles said the Kentucky Department of Agriculture (KDA) is
working closely with federal and state agencies, agricultural organizations,
weather forecasters, and emergency management officials to monitor local
conditions. "We are grateful to Governor Bevin, Kentucky's congressional
delegation, and our agricultural leaders for helping make this disaster aid
available," Commissioner Quarles said. "The wildfires in eastern Kentucky have
been the primary concern, but our leaders also were mindful of the drought's
impact on agriculture, and we appreciate their consideration."

The KDA operates an online hay/forage sales directory where farmers who need to
buy forages can search by county. Entries contain information on the nutritional
and energy levels of the forages offered for sale. To search for available
forages for sale, go to kyagr.com/buyky/hay-search.aspx.

Commissioner Quarles also has activated the Hay Hotline for farmers who need to
find hay or who want to make hay available for sale. For more information about
the Hay Hotline, or to post hay for sale, go to
kyagr.com/marketing/hay-hotline.html or call (502) 782-4110.

___ (c)2016 The Hazard Herald (Hazard, Ky.) Visit The Hazard Herald (Hazard,
Ky.) at www.hazard-herald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161206-ZD-Southeastern-Kentucky-farmers-may-be-eligible-for-drought-
aid-1206-20161206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZD


                        Copyright 2016 The Hazard Herald


                               8 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

New York: Governor Cuomo Announces "Taste NY" Experience Coming to Farm Aid 2013
in Saratoga Springs on September 21

LENGTH: 741  words

DATELINE: Albany


Department of Agriculture & Markets, The State of New York has issued the
following news release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced that concertgoers will be treated to a
"Taste NY" experience at the Farm Aid 2013 concert being held at the Saratoga
Performing Arts Center on September 21. Thirteen beer, wine and cider vendors
from across the state will be selling their products at the "Taste NY" tent as
part of the backdrop to this annual concert event in support of the tradition of
agriculture.

"There may be no better venue to showcase New York's wine, beer and cider than
at the Farm Aid 2013 concert as we celebrate the history and role of agriculture
in our state and country," Governor Cuomo. "Not only will there be great music
at the event, but also some of the best food and drink to enjoy here in New York
- so I encourage concertgoers to stop by the 'Taste NY' tent to sample these
local products and support our producers and farmers."

"Taste NY will add a local beverage experience for Farm Aid 2013 concertgoers.
We are proud to include New York's craft beers, wines, and cider at Farm Aid
2013," said Farm Aid Associate Director, Glenda Yoder. "Farm Aid values the New
York State programs that increase opportunities for the farmers who are growing
hops, grains, grapes and apples."

New York beer, wine and cider vendors taking part in the "Taste NY" experience
at Farm Aid 2013 include the New York State Brewers Association, Empire Brewing
Company (Syracuse), Brown's Brewing Co. (Troy), Saranac Brewery (Utica), Lake
Placid Brewery (Lake Placid), Captain Lawrence Brewing Company (Elmsford),
Brooklyn Brewery (Brooklyn), Davidson Brothers Brewing Company (Glens Falls),
Adirondack Brewery (Lake George), McKenzie's Hard Cider (Buffalo), Swedish Hill
Winery (Romulus), Hazlitt 1852 Vineyards (Hector) and Bedell Cellars
(Cutchogue). Sixteen ounce cups of beer and cider, and five ounce quantities of
wine will be available for purchase in the tent.

Paul Leone, Executive Director of the New York State Brewers Association said,
"Farm Aid insisted on having New York State craft beers at this event because we
are an important agricultural product. Some brewers selling their products at
this event will be farm brewers, showcasing materials made with ingredients
grown directly from local farmers. This will be an interactive 'Taste NY'
showcase that Farm Aid patrons will not soon forget."

Jim Trezise, President of the New York Wine and Grape Foundation said, "The Farm
Aid concert is the latest 'Taste NY' event to showcase New York wines before
thousands of consumers. We really appreciate this opportunity and the many ways
Governor Cuomo continues to support New York's wine industry."

In addition to the "Taste NY" tent, a FreshConnect Youth Market, co-sponsored by
the state Department of Agriculture and Markets in cooperation with GROW NYC,
will sell fresh fruits produced by New York State farmers at the concert.

Tom Strumolo, Director of Greenmarket Planning and Policy at GrowNYC said,
"We're so thrilled to partner each year with our friends at Farm Aid who do so
much to support family farms and strengthen local food systems. GrowNYC's
teen-run farm stands are one of the ways we increase food access where we work
in New York City - particularly in neighborhoods where finding even an apple is
a challenge. At the same time, we're 'grow'ing teenagers who are earning money
and becoming the next generation of advocates for the good food good health
movement. At this year's stand you'll find produce sourced from upstate New York
Farms. We'll see you at the stand!"

"Taste NY" was launched by Governor Cuomo to highlight New York's food and
beverage industry. Its goal is to make the wide variety of foods made and grown
in the state readily available and recognizable to New York residents, tourists
and the world. "Taste NY" is also a major component of the Governor's $60
million tourism campaign - the largest such campaign in decades. The program
publicizes New York-made food and beverage products via promotions such as
"Taste NY" tents and pavilions at food and wine events and "Taste NY" stores and
kiosks located at Thruway rest stops and soon at airports and other
transportation hubs. In 2013, "Taste NY" has already had a large presence at the
PGA Tournament in Rochester and the Great New York State Fair in Syracuse.
vvvvvvvv

For further information please visit: http://www.agriculture.ny.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 27, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Cattle Virus Is Studied

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER

SECTION: Section C; Page 8, Column 3; Science Desk

LENGTH: 440 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 26


The Department of Agriculture and the National Institutes of the Health are
investigating a cattle virus similar to the virus that causes AIDS.

Researchers said there was no evidence that the cattle virus, bovine
immunodeficiency virus, causes AIDS or any other diseases in people. But they
said genetic similarities between the two viruses could help researchers develop
ways to use cattle to study how immune-suppressing viruses produce disease.

The project is a response to petitions filed with both agencies last summer by
Jeremy Rifkin, president of the Foundation on Economic Trends in Washington, a
group that is active in farm and health policy issues.

Theory Is Attacked

In his petition, Mr. Rifkin speculated that the AIDS virus might have evolved
from cattle viruses, or that the cattle virus might itself have played a role in
the development of AIDS. But researchers at the Federal Centers for Disease
Control today discounted the possibility that the cattle virus was related in
any way to acquired immune deficiency syndrome in humans.

''There are some zealots who have made the suggestion that animal viruses are
related to AIDS,'' said Dr. Peter Drotman, an epidemiologist in the AIDS Program
at the C.D.C. ''None of these have been supported by any scientific evidence.''

Some researchers have suggested that the cattle virus may have contaminated
human vaccines which are produced in part from serum taken from fetal calves.
Officials at the Canadian Department of National Health and Welfare today said
they were considering new rules to require United States and Canadian vaccine
manufacturers to test their products for the presence of the cattle virus before
selling them in Canada.

'A Thorough Investigation'

''I expect that if they are found there will be a thorough investigation because
that would mean we have a problem,'' said Dr. David Pope, assistant director of
the Bureau of Biologics in the Canadian Health Department. Dr. Pope and other
experts could not specify what sort of threat the cattle virus might pose if it
is found in human vaccines.

The BIV virus was isolated and identified 18 years ago by scientists at the
National Animal Disease Center in Ames, Iowa, a facility operated by the
Department of Agriculture.

Under the joint research project, Agriculture Department scientists are planning
to develop new diagnostic tests to see how widely BIV is found in the nation's
cattle herds. Scientists at Program Resources Incorporated, a private laboratory
in Frederick, Md., said today they were conducting studies on BIV under contract
to the National Institutes of Health.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              10 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           September 11, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

New Legal Aid grants will provide assistance to low-income Nebraskans

BYLINE: Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: C; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 358 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


Legal Aid of Nebraska, the law firm for one-eighth of the state's population,
recently received more than $469,000 in grants to help deliver its services to
low-income state residents.

Under terms of the grants, Legal Aid will help eligible clients with federal
government issues, provide education on family legal issues that ultimately will
help reduce domestic violence, and provide legal assistance to low-income
seniors, farmers, ranchers and Natives.

Legal Aid serves the entire state from offices in Omaha, Lincoln, Grand Island,
Norfolk, Scottsbluff, Bancroft and North Platte. In some rural areas, lawyers
from other firms are hired to assist.

The grants include:

* $50,000 from United Way of Lincoln-Lancaster County to help low-income county
residents to receive legal education, advice and brief legal help by phone or
actual representation. For more information, call Roberta Stick, Legal Aid's
director of advocacy, at (402) 435-2161, ext. 30.

* $29,000 from the Lincoln-Lancaster County Joint Budget Committee to provide
legal assistance to low-income domestic violence victims. For more information,
call Stick of Legal Aid.

* $100,000 per year for three years from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Hispanic-Native America Farmer Program to help targeted Hispanic and Native
farmers and ranchers own, operate and retain their farms and ranches. For more
information, call Michelle Soll of Legal Aid at (402) 648-3457.

* $160,000 from the Nebraska Department of Agriculture for mediation and
financial counseling for low-income farmers. For more information, call Soll of
Legal Aid.

* $30,000 from Northeast Nebraska Area Agency on Aging for services to those
over age 60. The grant includes $6,000 for legal services to Native seniors. For
more information on the grant, call Lori Lee of Legal Aid at (402) 644-4761. For
more information on the Native funding, call Sherri Eveleth of Legal Aid at
(402) 648-3457.

* $100,000 from the Nebraska Lawyers Trust Account Foundation to assist indigent
Nebraskans in gaining access to the legal system via Legal Aid. For more
information, call Doug German of Legal Aid at (402) 348-1069, ext. 204.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      June 16, 1989, Friday, City Edition

2 widows feud over fortune

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; state digest; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 540 words

DATELINE: ANNISTON, Ala.; TALLAHASSEE; LANTANA



ANNISTON, Ala. - A 75-year-old widow is contesting a will allegedly    left by
her multimillionaire husband that gives his fortune to another    wife in
Florida. Ruth Davis of Anniston and Flossie Davis, 62, of    Tallahassee, claim
to have been married at the same time to Harry G.    Davis, 77, a real estate
developer and farmer in Alabama. Davis    "basically lived two lives," spending
weekends and holidays with    Flossie Davis and their children in Tallahassee
and weekdays on the    farm with Ruth Davis, said A. W. Bolt, a lawyer for Ruth
Davis. After    Davis died last year, Flossie Davis presented a will she said he
wrote    in 1969, giving her most of his $ 8-million estate. But a 1959 will
leaving the estate to Ruth Davis was found three weeks ago. Bolt said    that a
jury trial scheduled to begin Monday will decide which will is    valid.



 Agency director resigns

 TALLAHASSEE - Adis Vila, secretary of the state Department of
Administration, submitted her resignation to Gov. Bob Martinez on    Thursday.
Vila is expected to be appointed an assistant secretary of    the U.S.
Department of Agriculture by President Bush. Vila created a    controversy two
years ago by trying to change health insurance    companies for state employees.

 In her letter to Martinez, she said her    resignation will be effective June
30. She also recounted her    department's accomplishments, including changes in
the way the state    hires and trains employees.



 Tabloids to fire 47

 LANTANA - The new owners of the National Enquirer and Weekly World    News
supermarket tabloids announced layoffs of 47 employees and said    that for the
first time since 1971, the company won't provide the    town's Christmas tree
display free of charge. Michael Boylan, president    of Macfadden Holdings, said
20 of the 270 employees in editorial,    advertising and other departments at
the Lantana headquarters were laid    off immediately and 27 more would lose
their jobs in July. He also said    the company can't afford the Christmas tree
display, which reportedly    costs as much as $ 1-million. Boylan and Macfadden
chairman Peter    Callahan bought the Enquirer, which sells 4.3-million copies
weekly,    and the News, which sells about 1-million, in April for $
412.5-million.



 Farmers eligible for aid

 TALLAHASSEE - Farmers in 23 Florida counties who lost crops during a    winter
freeze can apply for federal aid now that the counties have been    designated
federal disaster areas, Gov. Bob Martinez said Thursday. In    late February,
nearly 3,500 farms covering more than 660,000 acres in    Charlotte, Flagler,
Hillsborough, Putnam and St. Johns counties were    hit hard by a three-day
freeze, according to reports to the governor.

 Farmers in 18 adjacent counties also can apply for the low-interest
emergency loans. The adjacent counties are Alachua, Bradford, Clay,    DeSoto,
Duval, Glades, Hardee, Hendry, Highlands, Lake, Lee, Manatee,    Marion, Pasco,
Pinellas, Polk, Sarasota and Volusia counties.

 - Compiled from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              12 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 July 22, 1988, Friday, North Suncoast Edition

Lighter sentence suggested if woman seeks sterilization

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATIONAL DIGEST; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 756 words

DATELINE: INDIANAPOLIS; WASHINGTON; CHARLESTON, W. Va.; LOS ANGELES; NEW YORK;
NASHVILLE, Tenn.



INDIANAPOLIS - A woman convicted of criminal neglect in the death of    her
4-year-old son has been offered the possibility of a reduced    sentence if she
is sterilized. Melody S. Baldwin, 29, who faces a    possible 20-year sentence,
is seven months pregnant. At a hearing    Wednesday on Baldwin's medical status,
Marion Superior Court Judge Roy    F. Jones recommended that Baldwin undergo
sterilization and suggested    he might reduce her sentence if the procedure is
completed.

 Representatives of the Indiana Civil Liberties Union called Jones'    proposal
outrageous and an impermissible condition of sentencing.



 Rapid AIDS test developed

 WASHINGTON - Scientists have developed a rapid blood screening test    for the
AIDS virus that will make blood transfusions in developing    nations safer and
could save thousands of lives each year. Blood    transfusions are a major route
of transmission for AIDS in the Third    World, where there are few blood banks
and little money for the    sophisticated screening tests used in the United
States. "This is one    of the major advances in AIDS prevention," said Dr.
Thomas C. Quinn, a    leading AIDS researcher at the National Institutes of
Health and the    Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions who directed the study.
Quinn's    report appears in Friday's issue of The Journal of the American
Medical    Association.



 Pro-abortion nuns resign

 CHARLESTON, W.Va. - Two Roman Catholic nuns said Thursday they have    resigned
from their order, six weeks after winning a fight to remain    sisters despite
pro-abortion views. "We aren't nuns anymore,"    Patricia Hussey said after she
and Barbara Ferraro resigned from the    Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur. Both
women said they will remain in the    Roman Catholic church. "For us to stand
with women, we need to    renounce the differences, privileges and even
limitations that are part    of membership in a religious community in a
patriarchal church," they    said in a resignation letter.



 Two Medflies found in Calif.

 LOS ANGELES - Gov. George Deukmejian proclaimed a state of emergency    for Los
Angeles County on Thursday after the discovery of two female    Mediterranean
fruit flies in traps. County agricultural officials    sprayed the ground in
parts of the San Fernando Valley with a    protein-based bait and set an
additional 1,300 traps, said Bill    Edwards, chief deputy in the county
Department of Agriculture and    Weights and Measures. If the traps catch more
flies, the state    Department of Food and Agriculture may begin aerial spraying
as allowed    under the governor's proclamation, and county officials may
release    sterile flies to reduce the Medfly population, said Edwards. The
Medfly, one of the most destructive crop-destroying insects, is    considered a
severe threat to California's multibillion-dollar    agricultural industry.

 Meese called a 'sleaze'

 NEW YORK - A federal prosecutor in the racketeering trial of Rep.    Mario
Biaggi said on Thursday his boss, Attorney General Edwin Meese,    was "a
sleaze" for his role in the Wedtech bribery scandal. Assistant    U.S. Attorney
Edward Little, speaking during the the government's    summation at the
four-month racketeering trial of the Bronx    congressman, said he agreed with
the defense assessment of Meese.    "Meese is a sleaze, too - in addition to
these people (the    defendants)," Little said. Meese's lawyer, Nathan Lewin,
said that    Little's charge was "beneath contempt."

 Hall of Fame picks finalists

 NASHVILLE, Tenn. - Loretta Lynn, "the coal miner's daughter," and    Roy
Rogers, "the king of the cowboys," were among 10 finalists named    Thursday for
the Country Music Hall of Fame. Two people will be    selected from the
finalists and they will be named Oct. 10 during the    Country Music
Association's nationally televised awards show. The    inductees will bring the
hall of fame members' total to 48. Other    finalists are singers and humorists
Homer and Jethro, singers Bradley    Kincaid, Ray Price and Hank Thompson, Bill
Carlisle, the Louvin    Brothers, the Jordanaires and Cindy Walker. A panel of
200 music    industry representatives will pick two winners.



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              13 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                          November 16, 2005 Wednesday
                                SARASOTA EDITION

Lawmakers seek storm aid for Florida growers

BYLINE: By CORY REISS WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BS5

LENGTH: 503 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Florida lawmakers asked Congress on Tuesday for $2.1 billion to aid
hurricane-stricken agriculture industries, saying their state's economy has
particularly suffered from devastating back-to-back storm seasons.

Whether the emergency aid bills that Sen. Mel Martinez, R-Fla., and Rep. Mario
Diaz-Balart, R-Miami, introduced can pass before the year ends is unclear.

Without the help, Martinez said, Florida growers would have trouble getting off
their knees.

"We're talking now about a second year in which these crops have been
devastated," he told reporters, "so I think the consequences would be very, very
dire."

The agriculture bills would apply to Florida, Texas, Louisiana and Alabama,
providing money for livestock, fisheries, fruits, vegetables, sugar and
ornamental plants.

Martinez said he hopes to attach the measure to any hurricane aid packages that
might arise, which so far have focused on recovery from Hurricane Katrina and
have not included agriculture.

The Congressional Budget Office estimated the bill would cost $2.1 billion
total. Martinez expected it to cover about 25 percent of the damage in Florida,
or $500 million to $600 million of the state's estimated $2.2 billion in
agriculture losses, mainly from hurricanes Katrina and Wilma.

The measure also includes $40 million to reimburse organizations housing
displaced farmworkers.

Martinez said he is optimistic about quick action. But Congress already is
wrestling with broad budget problems.

Martinez said the Senate has passed $35 billion in budget cuts partly to cover
emergency expenses like this. The House is having a tough time approving its own
version of that bill, however.

Sen. Bill Nelson, a Florida Democrat, supports the measure, Martinez said.

Gov. Jeb Bush, touring a damaged nursery in Homestead last week, called for more
federal aid for the state's agriculture. He said Congress made $400 million
available after last year's four hurricanes.

The bills introduced Tuesday offer a long-term boost for one big industry. It
would make nurseries eligible for help under two permanent programs of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, which currently exclude ornamental plants.

The ornamental plant industry accounts for half of Florida's agriculture losses
this year, and Florida is second to California in plant production. The Florida
Nursery, Growers and Landscape Association said strikes by eight hurricanes in
15 months highlight the need for permanent changes to programs that reimburse
for debris removal and crop loss.

Ben Bolusky, executive vice president of the association, said hurricanes
Katrina and Wilma wrecked shade structures critical to ornamental plant growers,
causing an immense amount of debris and expense. Nurseries are excluded from a
program that helps other types of growers with debris, which the new bills would
change.

Ornamental plants also are not eligible for assistance under an existing
crop-loss program that covers fallen crops but not trees. The new bills would
expand the crop definition in that program.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.


                              14 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 18, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

SOUTH SEEKS DROUGHT AID

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section A; Page 7, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 240 words


Officials of parched Southern states turned to the Federal Government, Middle
Western farmers and neighbors yesterday for help in feeding livestock as the
record drought persisted. No relief was forecast in the heat wave, which spread
into the Middle West yesterday.

South Carolina's Agriculture Commissioner, D. Leslie Tindal, said the drought
was likely to cause at least $100 million in crop losses there. Offers of hay
and free transportation were coming in from as far away as Minnesota, he said.

South Carolina has had only eight and a half inches of rain this year, as
against nearly 16 inches by this time in 1933, the driest year on record, said
Wes Tyler, assistant state climatologist.

Senator Mack Mattingly, Republican of Georgia, announced that the United States
Department of Agriculture was putting together a group to tour Georgia, Alabama
and the Carolinas next week to develop recommendations for Government
assistance. The office of Gov. Joe Frank Harris of Georgia has asked the
Department of Agriculture to make livestock feed available to farmers.

In North Carolina, officials said 50 counties had applied for Federal disaster
aid through Gov. James G. Martin because cash crops are drying up.

Gov. Gerald L. Baliles of Virginia said he had requested Federal disaster
declarations for 17 counties where crop losses are estimated at nearly $61.5
million and said a dozen counties had asked to be included.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of greengrocer Ken Walker (AP)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              15 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            August 30, 1993, Monday

COMMODITY / CHEMICAL BRIEFS

BYLINE: Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 499 words


US MEAT GROUP TO AID

RUSSIAN PORK PROGRAM

DENVER - The U.S. Meat Export Federation said it will offer assistance to
Russian agencies in the distribution of U.S. pork as part of the upcoming food
aid package to the Russian Republic.

In a long-awaited move, the U.S. Department of Agriculture this week invited
U.S. suppliers to bid for $ 19 million in pork aid to Russia.

"We've been working in the Russian market for two years now to develop trade
contacts and to get a better understanding for the changing distribution
system," said Mark Gustafson, the USMEF's senior vice president.

"Meat supplies in Russia are expected to be tight this winter, so the pork aid
shipments in November and December will be very timely." 4,000 EVACUATED IN OHIO

AFTER CHEMICAL BLASTS ELYRIA, Ohio - Two chemical explosions at the Aztec
Catalyst Co. shortly after midnight Friday forced the evacuation of more than
4,000 people and sent 30 people to nearby hospitals overcome by fumes.

Several other plants in the industrial park did not open Friday morning because
of a chemical cloud that hung over the area in stagnant, humid air.

Lt. John McLean of the Elyria police department said at least one Aztec building
was destroyed and another was on fire Friday morning, and officials were
uncertain when it would be contained.

No officials from Aztec Catalyst could be reached for comment, and it was
uncertain if anyone had been in the building at the time of the blasts.

Mr. McLean said firefighters were unsure what chemicals exploded or what was
manufactured at the plant.  MILLS' USE OF COTTON

INCREASED LAST MONTH KANSAS CITY, Mo. - The National Cotton Council has detailed
its estimate that U.S. textile mills in July used cotton at a seasonally
adjusted annual rate of 10.42 million bales, up 0.72 percent from June's revised
10.34 million.

U.S. mills consumed cotton at a seasonally adjusted daily rate in July at 38,332
bales, up from 38,066 a month ago, U.S. Census Bureau figures said.

Total fiber use in July was 31.18 million bales, down 4.18 percent from June.
Cotton's share of total fiber use, at 33.4 percent, was up slightly from 31.8
percent in June.  WHEAT COUNCIL BOOSTS

PRODUCTION FORECAST LONDON - The International Wheat Council Thursday revised
its forecast of world 1993-94 (July-June) wheat production to 573 million metric
tons, up 11 million from its July previous forecast for 1993-94 of 562 million.

The IWC estimates world wheat production in 1992-93 at 562 million tons also.

The IWC now pegs world 1993-94 wheat consumption at 567 million tons, up 3
million from its previous forecast, and up 9 million from 558 million in
1992-93.

It forecasts world 1993-94 wheat trade at 96 million tons, down from its
previous forecast of 99 million, and down from 103 million for 1992-93.

It pegs end-season 1993-94 wheat stocks at 138 million tons, up 4 million from
its last forecast, and up from 128 million tons at the end of 1992-93.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: COMMODITY / CHEMICAL BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1993 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              16 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 19, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Subcommittees of the Agriculture Committee and Transportation and
Infrastructure Committee examine Transportation Perspectives of U.S.
International Food Aid Programs

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington, DC: House Committee on Agriculture has issued the following
press release:



  Today, the House Agriculture Committee&rsquo;s Subcommittee on Livestock and
Foreign Agriculture and the House Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee&rsquo;s Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation held a
joint hearing to explore the intersection of food aid shipping and military
sealift capacity, particularly that provided by the Maritime Security Program
(MSP).





 Officials from the Department of Defense, the Maritime Administration, and
industry experts discussed how proposed changes to existing food aid programs
and cargo preference rules could affect the viability of the U.S. maritime
industry and the overall domestic support for international food aid.



 &ldquo;The agriculture and maritime communities have successfully partnered
with private voluntary organizations to lead the global effort to alleviate
hunger and malnutrition over the past 60 years. Today&rsquo;s hearing reaffirmed
the widely-held concern that disruptions to that historic partnership would have
devastating effects on both our international food aid programs and our military
readiness. Any effort to move away from in-kind donations in exchange for more
cash-based assistance is concerning, especially since USAID has attempted to
achieve these reforms by effectively driving a wedge between the maritime and
agriculture communities. I thank my colleagues on the Transportation and
Infrastructure Committee for joining me in highlighting this important
issue,&rdquo; said Rep. David Rouzer (R-NC), Chairman of the Agriculture
Committee&rsquo;s Subcommittee on Livestock and Foreign Agriculture.



 &ldquo;To remain a world power, with the ability to defend ourselves and our
allies, it is critical that we maintain a robust fleet of United States flag
commercial vessels to carry much needed supplies to the battlefield, food aid to
countries in need, a large cadre of skilled American mariners to man those
vessels, and a strong shipyard industrial base to ensure we have the capability
to build and replenish our naval forces in times of war," said Rep. Duncan
Hunter (R-CA), Chairman of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee's
Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation.



 &ldquo;The United States, as a steward of the world, provides assistance to
countries and regions that are less fortunate, and the farmers, ranchers, and
dairymen that I represent in California&rsquo;s Central Valley are proud that
many of the commodities we produce go to individuals throughout the world who
otherwise would go hungry and malnourished. Today&rsquo;s hearing is important
because it allows us to look at the challenges the maritime industry faces when
transporting food products to countries and regions in need. International food
aid programs are very beneficial for countries that do not have adequate
resources to provide the quality of food that we produce here in the United
States. From growing the fruits and vegetables to transporting them across the
world, international food aid programs support good-paying jobs throughout the
nation, especially in California and our Valley,&rdquo; said Rep. Jim Costa
(D-CA), Ranking Member of the Agriculture Committee&rsquo;s Subcommittee on
Livestock and Foreign Agriculture.



 &ldquo;The existing partnership between agriculture, the maritime industry, and
government-sponsored food aid providers has been very effective in delivering
aid where it&rsquo;s needed most, while also supporting our domestic industries
and our military readiness. A bag of American food delivered from an American
ship is the best way to say that America cares. Keeping this partnership strong
will also assist our troops in uniform: current sealift capacity is insufficient
to meet needs that could arise in times of crisis, and maintaining a robust
domestic fleet will help keep our military ready in an increasingly dangerous
world,&rdquo; said Rep. John Garamendi (D-CA), Ranking Member of the
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee's Subcommittee on Coast Guard and
Maritime Transportation.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 24, 1994, Monday, Final Edition

SHORT TAKES

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A15; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 448 words


Aid Cutoff to Trade-School Chain Is Reversed

An administrative judge has overturned the Education Department's cutoff of
student aid money to a Philadelphia-based chain of trade schools, calling the
department "extremely zealous" in its moves against the schools.

Ernest C. Canellos, an administrative law judge at the department, issued the
order Friday after three days of hearings involving PTC Career Institutes.

The department had taken emergency action Dec. 5 to cut off federal student aid
to the company, which has branches in Washington, Atlanta, Newark, Chicago and
Baltimore.

Education officials charged that the school's owners, Richard and Rimona
Friedberg, had drained cash from the schools through large salaries for
themselves and family members, and continued to be involved in running the
school despite an agreement that they not do so.

In his order setting aside the emergency action, Canellos said "some of [the
department's] actions could be described as extremely zealous and some of its
allegations [are] unsupported."

In a telephone interview, Rimona Friedberg blamed the government for the
company's financial difficulties.

"They've taken a vital company and shut it down," she said. "They didn't have
one piece of evidence to show that this emergency action was reasonable."

PTC, according to government documents, has received $ 133 million in federal
student aid over the past eight years. It trains nurses' aides, office computer
operators, data punchers and building maintenance and security personnel. It has
about 300 employees and 1,700 students.


Pork Sale to Ex-Soviet Republics Approved

The Agriculture Department has approved the subsidized sale this year of 20,000
metric tons of pork to seven former Soviet republics, the department said last
week.

The approval follows more than two years of efforts by the industry and members
of Congress from pork-producing states to win a share of those markets using the
Export Enhancement Program, or EEP.

Under the program, private export companies sell farm products to buyers in
other countries. The Agriculture Department pays the company the difference
between the price in that country and the higher U.S. price.

The program is designed to let U.S. agriculture compete with the subsidized
products sold by the European Union and other countries.

The pork sales will be made in Armenia, Belarus, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Moldova,
Russia and Ukraine.

"By extending the Export Enhancement Program for this pork sale, the Clinton
administration sends a strong signal that we will continue to battle
head-to-head for foreign agricultural markets," said Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa).

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              18 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          September 8, 2001, Saturday

FISCHLER ATTACKS US FARM AID PACKAGE

BYLINE: David Mccoy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 222 words

HIGHLIGHT: US President, George W Bush ... farm aid package


EUROPEAN Agriculture Commissioner, Franz Fischler, has again hit out at the
USA's farm relief aid package.

Mr Fischler said that the $ 5.5 billion package was evidence of "incoherence"
between the USA's own actions and its demand that other countries make their
agriculture policies market-oriented.

He said that the package - signed off by US President, George W Bush, was the
fourth year in succession that the American Government had provided
supplementary assistance to its farmers.

The total since 1998 had been $ 39 billion, the European Commission said.

The EU's denunciation of the US's farm relief aid has become almost as customary
as the annual aid packages.

Mr Fischler remains sensitive to charges that the EU, through its Common
Agricultural Policy, provides market-distorting aid to farmers.

He said that many US commentators, who continued to criticise the CAP, were
"disregarding" major reforms that had taken place in the last 10 years.

Mr Fischler reiterated the EU's intention to get the negotiations over
agriculture at the World Trade Organisation to close the loophole that allowed
such relief.

"On average, each US farmer has received $ 11,000 in direct payments each year
since 1998, or almost three times the level received by EU farmers," said a
Commission statement.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Century Newspapers Limited


                              19 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 3, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Pigs, AIDS and Belle Glade

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 429 words


A double medical mystery, involving two deadly diseases, has briefly enveloped
the small Florida town of Belle Glade. A poor community of sugar cane farmers on
the south shore of Lake Okeechobee, it has 49 recorded cases of AIDS out of a
population of 15,000, a stunning per capita figure. And for a few days last week
there were fears that for the first time in America, African swine fever had
also been found there.

Caroline MacLeod and Mark Whiteside, the Miami physicians who first reported
Belle Glade's cluster of AIDS, seek a cause in overcrowded, unsanitary
conditions, or blood-biting insects. Two Boston researchers, Jane Teas and John
Beldekas, theorize that the virus of African swine fever may be related to AIDS
in humans, and have screened Belle Glade pigs for the fever.

All these conjectures challenge the prevailing view that AIDS virus is the cause
of AIDS, and that the virus is spread by sexual contact or needles, when
infected blood or sperm reaches another person's bloodstream. But Mr. Beldekas,
pursuing his theory, reported signs of the swine fever virus in a Belle Glade
pig. The Department of Agriculture at first confirmed the test result. African
swine fever is usually fatal, rapidly transmissible and, quite apart from any
connection with AIDS, would pose an urgent threat to the pork industry. But
having tested the town's pigs, the Department of Agriculture now says it is
''satisfied that African swine fever does not exist in Belle Glade.''

Presumably, Mr. Beldekas's diagnosis was a false positive; he now acknowledges
that he may have confused a standard positive test serum with his sample. The
heterodox hypotheses about how AIDS is transmitted may also be in error.

But in science, even unlikely ideas are often worth pursuing. The Federal
Centers for Disease Control has already begun an epidemiological study of Belle
Glade and results are expected in September. It doesn't really expect to find
much unusual. Though 19 of the Belle Glade AIDS cases did not belong to a known
risk group, many victims were not interviewed before their death. The incidence
of AIDS in Belle Glade is high, but so too are prostitution and intravenous drug
abuse, which are linked to the spread of the disease.

The Disease Centers study is designed to consider sexual practices, particularly
heterosexual transmission, but will also look at exposure to other viruses and
living conditions. Belle Glade may prove a false lead for AIDS as for African
swine fever. But dead ends are unavoidable in traversing the maze of this deadly
disease.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              20 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               January 13, 2001, Saturday, 3 Early Tampa Edition

Bob Crawford wants crop disaster declaration

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; AROUND THE STATE; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 432 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE; MIAMI; DAYTONA BEACH



(ran SS edition of Metro & State)

Florida should seek federal aid for crop damage totaling $ 179-million from
recent freezes and flooding, Agriculture Secretary Bob Crawford said Friday.

Crawford asked Gov. Jeb Bush to request an agriculture disaster declaration from
the U.S. Department of Agriculture for 18 Florida counties, including
Hillsborough and Polk counties.

The federal financial assistance would help replant crops.

Preliminary estimates show freeze and flooding losses of $ 121.3-million for
Florida's vegetable growers, $ 47.5-million for fern growers and $ 10.2-million
for the tropical fish industry. There also was freeze damage to citrus and sugar
cane crops, but an assessment of that isn't finished.

Earlier this month, Bush issued an executive order allowing increased weight
limits for trucks to allow freeze-damaged citrus fruit and sugar cane plants to
be taken to juice processing plants and sugar mills.

Forum set on dispute over

tree-cutting canker attack

MIAMI - Opponents will get a chance to challenge the disputed science behind the
state's tree-cutting attack on citrus canker at a town hall meeting Jan. 26, a
state Agriculture Department attorney told a judge Friday.

About 830,000 canker-infected and nearby trees have been cut, mostly in
residential areas of South Florida, to protect the state's $ 8.5-billion citrus
industry. The bacterial disease scars fruit and causes it to drop prematurely.

Circuit Judge Ronald Friedman, who is presiding over a lawsuit by homeowners in
Miami-Dade and Broward counties that seeks to end all cutting, refused to stop
the cutting of infected residential trees pending the meeting and said he is
inclined to dismiss the lawsuit. The state contends that any challenge to the
eradication program must be filed with a state appeals court.

Malfunction knocks out

Daytona Beach bridge

DAYTONA BEACH - A malfunctioning drawbridge has Volusia County officials
scrambling to make repairs before the start of Speed Weeks in early February.

The 50-year-old Memorial Bridge is stuck in the raised position to allow
nautical traffic on the Intracoastal Waterway to pass until at least Friday.

The bridge is the southernmost of four spanning Halifax River between Daytona
Beach and its strip of hotels and motel and the mainland, where the Daytona
International Speedway is located.

On Jan. 4, a power surge hit the electronic control panel that is the brain of
the bridge, disabling it. Workers could only raise it manually. It was decided
to leave it raised until new parts arrive.

- Wire reports


LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA & STATE; METRO & STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                              21 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 7, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

INQUIRY SOUGHT ON CATTLE VIRUS LINK TO AIDS

BYLINE: By PHILIP M. BOFFEY, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 470 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 6


Jeremy Rifkin, an outspoken critic of genetic engineering and other
biotechnologies, today asked three Federal agencies to determine whether cattle
viruses play a role in causing AIDS.

In a petition submitted to the Agriculture Department, the Federal Centers for
Disease Control and the National Institutes of Health, Mr. Rifkin called the
cattle viruses ''an extraordinary potential threat to public health''

Mr. Rifkin speculated in an interview that the AIDS virus might have evolved
from cattle viruses, or that the cattle viruses might themselves play a role in
the development of acquired immune deficiency syndrome in humans.

Correlation Is Seen

The petition cited scientific papers indicating a ''close correlation'' between
the HIV, or human immunodeficiency virus, that causes AIDS in humans, and a
virus found in cattle called bovine visna-like virus or bovine
immunodeficiency-like virus. The petition warned that a range of viruses ''exist
in domestic animal herds in the U.S. and thus could pose a potential health
hazard.''

It also speculated that the cattle virus, BIV, might have infected cell cultures
used to make some human vaccines, perhaps thereby contributing to the global
spread of AIDS.

However, two of the scientists whose papers were cited by Mr. Rifkin expressed
doubt in interviews that the cattle viruses played any role in causing AIDS.

One of them, Dr. Matthew A. Gonda, a virus expert who has performed detailed
studies of the structural and genetic makeup of BIV as compared to the AIDS
virus, said that the two were close enough to be considered members of the same
family of viruses, called lentiviruses.

Not Considered Progenitor

In fact, Dr. Gonda and his colleagues at Program Resources, Inc., which conducts
research for the National Cancer Institute in Frederick, Md., have proposed that
the cattle virus be used as a model for studying the AIDS virus. But the cattle
virus is not close enough to be considered the progenitor of the AIDS virus or
the cause of AIDS, Dr. Gonda said.

''I don't think that BIV could cause AIDS in humans,'' he said. ''I don't want
people to say this is an AIDS virus. It's not something that somebody should be
afraid will jump into humans or that should make people fear cows.''

The second expert, Dr. Martin J. Van der Maaten, of the Agriculture Department's
National Animal Disease Laboratory in Ames, Iowa., who first isolated BIV from
cattle, said he believed there was ''very little chance of it infecting humans''
and that it was ''far-fetched'' to speculate that contaminated vaccines have
spread the virus to humans.

The petition filed today by Mr. Rifkin's organization, the Foundation on
Economic Trends, cited a 1977 Belgian study which found that the bovine virus
could infect human cells in the laboratory.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              22 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  January 10, 2003 Friday Penn/Elkhart Edition

Area Briefs

BYLINE: Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 408 words


State police issue tickets on bypass

 Troopers from the Indiana State Police Bremen Post conducted a traffic detail
to chart and ticket speeders Wednesday on the St. Joseph Valley Parkway (U.S. 20
bypass) near the Elkhart and St. Joseph County lines.

In one hour, they issued 11 speeding tickets. Four vehicles were clocked at 85
mph and two were cited at 76 mph. One vehicle was ticketed after hitting 106
mph.

The other vehicles were ticketed for these speeds: 80, 87, 90 and 94 mph.

Lt. Robert Rich, post commander, said, "Troopers patrol this road regularly and
will continue to hold specialized patrols."

WASHINGTON, D.C.

Chocola receives choice appointments

 Second District U.S. Rep. Chris Chocola, R-Bristol, received two of the
committee assignments he was hoping for Thursday.

Chocola was appointed to the House Committee on Transportation and
Infrastructure and to the House Committee on Agriculture. Prior to taking
office, the freshman congressman had sought and received the support of Speaker
Dennis Hastert in hopes of getting the transportation committee assignment.
Chocola hopes to use the position to push for an upgrade of U.S. 31, between
South Bend and Indianapolis, to interstate highway standards.

Earlier this week, Chocola had said his second committee choice was between
Agriculture and the House Financial Services Committee, which deals with
corporate and business responsibility.

"Improving our transportation infrastructure will help to strengthen our economy
and create jobs throughout Indiana. Improving U.S. 31 and the Hoosier Heartland
highway are a couple of projects that have considerable implications for our
communities," he said.

Regarding his appointment to the Agriculture committee, Chocola said he believes
agricultural issues are significant to all of those who make their living by
farming or working within agricultural-related industries.

"I have worked my entire life in the agriculture business and I feel that my
lifelong experience will be an asset to the committee and to the farmers in the
district," Chocola said.

SOUTH BEND

Financial aid night will be Tuesday

 Riley High School's financial aid night will be Tuesday in the school
auditorium. The program starts at 7 p.m.

Guy Fisher, financial aid officer at Bethel College, will explain and answer
questions about the financial aid process. High school seniors and their parents
are invited to attend.


LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2003 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              23 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               September 13, 2000

Attack on new cash aid for US farmers

BYLINE: By Joe Watson

SECTION: Agriculture: USA, Pg.18

LENGTH: 221 words


A SCOTTISH farming leader last night attacked another multi-billion -pound
bailout that seems likely to be paid to farmers in the United States ahead of
Congressional and Presidential elections in November.

Jim Walker, the Scottish NFU president, derided the cash aid that looks set to
be agreed before votes are cast in the US elections.

He said: "This is just typical of the United States. It is supposed to the
world's advocate of free trade, but here they are supporting their agricultural
industry again. They even have an eye on the elections.

"Meantime our Government does not to listen to the problems our industry has
here."

US Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman accepts the need for more cash for US
farmers, who since 1998 have had more than GBP 15billion in extra aid from their
government on top of the subsidies they already receive.

Mr Glickman told a news conference, held by National Farmers Union of the US in
Washington, that more money was needed by the nation's farmers.

He said the administration would work with Congress in assessing how much
additional disaster aid was needed in response to widespread droughts and other
weather -related crop failures across the States.

There are just 19 days left in the current US legislative session before
Congress breaks up for the elections.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              24 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 23, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

JUDGE DISMISSES SUIT BY IOWA SEEKING ADDITIONAL FARM AID

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 20, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 354 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES, Aug. 22


A Federal district judge conceded today that Iowa farmers had financial
problems, but he dismissed a lawsuit seeking to force Agriculture Secretary John
R. Block to put additional farm aid programs into effect.

The judge, William C. Stuart, said he had no jurisdiction to force Mr. Block to
start programs that were subject to the Secretary's discretion, as the state had
requested.

Brent Appel, the Iowa Assistant Attorney General, said the state would appeal.

Attorney General Tom Miller filed the suit earlier this year, asserting that Mr.
Block had a variety of farm relief programs he could put into effect to help
farmers hurt by last summer's drought but that he had not done so.

The suit also asserted that many Iowa farmers were being denied aid they were
eligible for.

Judge Cites 'Complex' Factors


Judge Stuart said in his decision that he did not doubt the assistance programs
being used were insufficient for livestock farmers in southeastern Iowa who had
been affected by the drought.

''But it is not for the court to substitute its judgment for that of the
secretary under the circumstances presented here,'' he wrote.

The judge noted that any decision Mr. Block made on putting farm aid programs
into effect must be based on factors other than the precarious financial
condition of farmers in some Iowa counties.

He said the many factors to be considered, including the Federal budget, ''are
so far-reaching and complex that this determination is not a proper subject of
judicial review.''

Mr. Appel said state officials took some comfort in Judge Stuart's comment that
many farmers did not get enough aid, and said they would appeal to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.

Judge Stuart said that Congress frequently sets up programs and then gives
administrative authority to an agency with a staff of experts. It would not be
right, he said, for a court to overrule the experts.

John Ochs, a press aide for Mr. Block, said lawyers for the Department of
Agriculture had not seen a copy of Judge Stuart's ruling and would have no
immediate comment.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              25 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             August 3, 2010 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

Welcome to Wisconsin Farm Aid

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 354 words


Farm Aid, the quarter-century-old effort to raise money for family farms,
sustainable agriculture and rural communities, is coming to Wisconsin.

And all we can say is: What took you so long?

When Willie Nelson, Neil Young, John Mellencamp, Dave Matthews and their fellow
musicians headline Farm Aid's 25th Anniversary concert Oct. 2 at Milwaukee's
Miller Park, they will find themselves in a state that has a deep commitment to
its agricultural ancestry and to its farming future.

Like most states in the Upper Midwest, Wisconsin has been battered by farm
policies that tend to favor big agribusiness, and trade policies that undermine
working farmers and local food initiatives. But few states in the country have
worked harder than Wisconsin to embrace the Farm Aid vision that the future will
be all about "organic, humanely raised and family farm-identified food."

"People are much more interested in local, fresh, family farmed foods," says
Farm Aid Executive Director Carolyn Mugar. "The message is extremely important
to get people recognizing how important family farms are, that they can demand
food from family farms and get more transparency as far as where their food is
coming from."

Farm Aid will be celebrating groundbreaking regional initiatives, such as
Growing Power, Will Allen's urban farm, community food center and international
training effort in Milwaukee.

Allen, in turn, notes that Wisconsin is a leader in sustainable farming, and
reminds reporters of the many thriving small farms around Madison that have made
the Dane County Farmers' Market the largest producers-only market in the United
States.

All these connections matter. And they will be made Oct. 2 in Wisconsin by the
Farm Aid folks. That's something to celebrate -- along with all the great music.

Share your opinion on this topic by sending a letter to the editor to
tctvoice@madison.com Include your full name, hometown and phone number. Your
name and town will be published. The phone number is for verification purposes
only. Please keep your letter to 250 words or less.

Posted in Editorial on Tuesday, August 3, 2010 5:00 am Updated: 4:30 pm

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Left to right, Willie Nelson, Neil Young, John Mellencamp, and Dave
Matthews talk at a news conference before the Farm Aid concert, Sunday, Sept. 9,
2007 on Randall's Island in New York. Henny Ray Abrams

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            December 20, 2004 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

REIN IN GROWTH IN FARM DISASTER AID;
A BOOM IN DISASTER AID FOR FARMERS IS BENEFITING GREAT PLAINS STATES AT
WISCONSIN'S EXPENSE.

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 583 words


Last year American farmers harvested a bumper crop of $2.9 billion worth of
disaster payments.

That record total should call attention to the bigger role disaster aid is
playing in farm policy and the farm economy.

Disaster aid, once a limited program to compensate farmers for weather-related
calamities, is becoming a regular source of income to farmers encouraged to
plant crops on marginal land and collect disaster payments year after year.

Wisconsin's congressional delegation ought to pay especially close attention
because as federal policy makes the collection of disaster payments an
ever-bigger agribusiness, Wisconsin farmers are at an ever-greater disadvantage.

Here are the dimensions of the problem:

* In 1995 disaster aid accounted for 9 percent of all farm subsidies. Last year,
disaster aid was 18 percent of farm subsidies.

* During the past five years disaster payments have averaged just over $2
billion a year. That is about nine times the annual average of $240 million
during the previous four years.

* The chief beneficiaries of the disaster largesse are farmers in the Great
Plains, where drought and other weather-related crop failures are common. From
1995 through 2003, about 40 percent of disaster aid went to five states --
Texas, North and South Dakota, Oklahoma and Kansas.

* Wisconsin, blessed with a favorable climate, receives a relatively tiny
benefit from disaster aid. Over the past nine years Wisconsin has received $119
million in disaster payments, compared with more than $2 billion for Texas.

* Recently, the increase in disaster aid has come at the expense of other farm
programs. This fall Congress approved $3 billion in disaster aid, but only by
cutting spending on the conservation program that was a hallmark of the 2002
farm bill.

* Wisconsin is among the chief losers in this spending shift. For the past nine
years Wisconsin ranked 13th among states in conservation payments, but the state
ranked only 27th in disaster aid.

Disaster aid , an important safety net for farmers, is also a good investment
for taxpayers because it helps to protect the nation's food suppliers from
financial ruin due to unusually harsh weather. But the key word is "unusually"
harsh weather.

Wisconsin offers a model for how the aid ought to work. Wisconsin farmers
received a record-high $72 million in disaster payments in 2003, a year marked
by drought. That was so unusual that it was $71 million more than Wisconsin
farmers collected the previous year.

But in other parts of the country, the liberal dispensing of disaster payments
has turned the unusual into the perpetual. More than 76,000 farmers nationwide
have collected disaster aid in five or more of the past nine years, according to
U.S. Agriculture Department data analyzed by the Environmental Working Group, a
Washington, D.C., advocacy organization.

A big share of those farmers plant crops on land in the Great Plains that simply
doesn't get enough rainfall. They are not so much planting crops as they are
planting a means to collect disaster payments.

A farmer so disaster-prone that he collects payments more than half the time has
rendered the word "disaster" meaningless.

Disaster aid ought to be reined in. Congress should start now to restructure how
it distributes disaster payments. Aid should be available when calamities
strike, but the program should not encourage farmers to "grow" disaster payments
on land that won't grow crops. Wisconsin's congressional delegation should lead
the campaign for reform.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              27 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 14, 1994, THURSDAY, THREE STAR Edition

FARMERS REAP 58 PCT. OF U.S. DISASTER AID

BYLINE: Kathleen Best Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 539 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Farming operations collected nearly three-fifths of the $ 43.8 billion in
federal disaster assistance paid out over the last nine years - or 58 cents of
every federal disaster aid dollar, a new study shows.

And not all of that money was well or wisely spent, said the study conducted by
the Environmental Working Group, a nonprofit environmental policy organization
based in Washington.

"In large measure, disaster policy has functioned as another crop subsidy
program that transferred large amounts of income from taxpayers to high-risk
farming regions, high-risk farmers, or both," the report concludes.

"When federal policy perpetuates unsound farming practices year in and year out,
disaster payments and crop insurance benefits themselves become staple crops for
farmers and staple costs for taxpayers."

Researchers for the working group analyzed more than 5 million records from the
U.S. Department of Agriculture documenting disaster aid and crop insurance
payments from 1985 to 1993.

Among their conclusions:

Farmers - from family farmers to corporate farmers to partnerships - collected $
25.2 billion in USDA emergency aid between 1985 and 1993. Of that total, $ 10.7
billion was in emergency loan write-offs by the Farmers Home Administration; $
8.8 billion was in direct disaster aid payments from the Agricultural
Stabilization and Conservation Service; and $ 5.7 billion was in taxpayer
subsidies of federal crop insurance.

Generous disaster aid payments to farmers actually discourage farmers from
taking out federal crop insurance, which allows the federal government to recoup
some expenses in the form of premium payments for coverage.

An analysis of disaster aid payments showed that 959 farmers got such payments
every year for seven years between 1987 and 1993. Those recipients, the study
showed, took in $ 56 million in disaster aid from the ASCS for an average
payment of $ 58,523 each.

An additional 73,359 farmers collected disaster aid in four of the seven years.
Those producers got checks totaling nearly $ 1.5 billion - or an average payment
of $ 20,101 each.

Farmers who collected disaster aid in just one of the seven years averaged
payments of $ 2,995 each.

The crop insurance program ran up $ 5.7 billion in taxpayer losses from 1985 to
1993. The report calculated taxpayer losses by adding the government subsidy for
insurance premiums to claims paid in excess of premiums collected between 1985
and 1993.

Overall, the study said, the government spent nearly $ 10 billion on the crop
insurance program and paid out $ 2.04 in claims for every dollar in premiums
collected.

The top 10 states for crop insurance losses were Texas, North Dakota, Minnesota,
Montana, Iowa, Georgia, Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska and South Dakota. Illinois
ranked 12th and Missouri 17th. Texas alone collected 15.6 percent of all
insurance payments between 1985 and 1993.

The top 10 states for disaster assistance payments were Texas, North Dakota,
Minnesota, Kansas, Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, South Dakota, Michigan and
Georgia. Missouri ranked 13th - a ranking that may be misleading because the
study did not count all of the disaster payments from last year's catastrophic
flooding.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              28 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          August 25, 1999, Wednesday,

KING OPTIMISTIC FOR FARM AID;
 IF FEDERAL OFFICIALS GRANT THE RELIEF, MAINE FARMERS COULD GET LOW-INTEREST
LOANS FOR DROUGHT LOSSES.

BYLINE: PAUL CARRIER Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE, Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 644 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


Despite recent rains that have breathed new life into Maine's withering
greenery, Gov. Angus King and his agriculture commissioner say they remain
optimistic that the federal government will approve disaster relief for farmers
hard hit by a drought.

King and Agriculture Commissioner Robert Spear offered that assessment Tuesday
as they await the U.S. Department of Agriculture's decision on the state's
request for low-interest agricultural loans. The loans would help farmers
recover from what the state's application for federal aid calls "severe
extraordinary dry weather" in most of the state since early May.

In an Aug. 18 letter to U.S. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman, King requested
"an emergency designation for crop production and physical losses" in 14 of the
state's 16 counties. "This request is intended to include not only actual losses
incurred to date but also continuing damages that may not be discovered in full
prior to harvest," King wrote.

Last week, Glickman declared Massachusetts and three other states disaster areas
because of the drought's impact on farming there. That raised to 15 the number
of states that have received such declarations so far. Others in the Northeast
include Connecticut, Rhode Island, New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania.

If the federal government agrees that Maine farmers qualify for federal aid,
farmers who lost at least 30 percent of their crops will be able to borrow up to
$ 500,000 each to cover up to 80 percent of their loss. The current interest
rate is 3.75 percent, although that is always subject to change, according to
Deborah Dufour of the USDA.

King's application does not say how much money Maine farmers have lost as a
result of the drought, but it indicates that Aroostook and Piscataquis counties
are the only counties in the state that have been spared. Spear said Tuesday
that York, Cumberland, Androscoggin, Sagadahoc, Knox and Lincoln counties have
been the hardest hit.

Brent Mullis of the USDA, which surveyed losses and presented its findings to
King before he applied for federal loans, said the dollar value of those losses
will not become known until the harvest has been completed. Mullis listed major
losses of blueberries in Hancock and Waldo counties, hay and apples in southern
Maine and vegetable crops everywhere from Penobscot County south to the New
Hampshire border. By contrast, he said, potatoes "are at least normal, if not
better."

The state did get some much-needed rain over the past two weekends and more may
be in the offing this weekend.

Portland has received 1.37 inches of rain so far this month, according to the
National Weather Service in Gray, but the year-to-date total of 23.56 inches
still falls more than 3 inches short of normal levels.

"We still have a ways to go," said meteorologist Butch Roberts.

The sometimes heavy rain this month has been "too little too late," Spear said
Tuesday. In any case, King said, the state's request for federal aid is based on
already documented losses that will not be recovered this year, no matter how
much rain Maine gets from here on out.

"It really related to damages that have already occurred, and the recent rain
won't necessarily fix that," King said. The losses are "quantified and
quantifiable," he said, adding that he is optimistic the federal government will
come through with assistance. "I think the case is there," King said.

King is hoping his bid for low-interest loans fares better than the state's
recent application for federal permission to distribute hay from Aroostook
County to drought-stricken farmers elsewhere in the state. The federal
government pays the farmers who grew that hay not to sell or distribute it, and
the USDA recently refused to grant a waiver that would have allowed the National
Guard to truck the hay to other counties in Maine.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 1999 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              29 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 1, 2011 Friday

Drought aid sought

BYLINE: Franklin Harris, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 476 words


July 01--Drought conditions in the southernmost part of Alabama have state
officials worried about crop yields, but conditions in North Alabama have
improved following recent rains.

State Department of Agriculture and Industries Commissioner John McMillan said
Thursday that he is requesting a review of drought conditions in the state in
order to begin the process of declaring a federal drought emergency, making
farmers eligible for federal aid.

"Right now, all counties in the southern tier of Alabama are suffering an
extreme drought. Other counties will follow suit if our current low rainfall
pattern persists. The next two weeks are critical," McMillan said.

Farmers in North Alabama, however, are seeing improvement.

"The rain that we've had has certainly helped out our situation in the northern
and central half of the state," said Dana Griffin, a meteorologist in the
National Weather Service's Huntsville office.

The Decatur area received 3.85 inches of rain in June, according to the weather
service.

"Normal is about 4 inches -- 4.08 inches. We're just a tick under right now,"
Griffin said.

According to the U.S. Drought Monitor report released Thursday, most of North
Alabama is either "abnormally dry," the least-severe drought designation, or not
experiencing drought. Most of the state from around Montgomery and south to the
Gulf Coast, however, is in a severe to exceptional drought, with the worst
conditions in Mobile and Baldwin counties.

McMillan also cited a crop acreage report released Thursday by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture stating that conditions for about one-third of
Alabama's leading crops range from poor to very poor. Only 27 percent are rated
good or excellent.

"Based on information from the U.S. Drought Monitor, crop acreage reports and
other sources, I am recommending to Gov. (Robert) Bentley that certain counties
be considered for a drought disaster declaration," McMillan said. The Farm
Services Agency, a division of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, will assess
the governor's request and take action, which in this case would include
providing emergency aid to farmers impacted by the drought, according to the
state Department of Agriculture. Meanwhile, conditions will remain hot and muggy
in North Alabama through the weekend, Griffin said.

"We're probably not looking at any significant rainfall coming into the picture
until maybe the Fourth of July, but really not until after that, maybe by
midweek of next week," he said.

A statewide no-burn order remains in effect.

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2011, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110701-DD-Drought-aid-sought-0701-20110701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2011 The Decatur Daily


                              30 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     September 20, 2002 Friday 1ST EDITION

Colo. cattlemen hope to corral drought aid Ranchers may get $ 18 million from
emergency funds

BYLINE: Steve Raabe , Denver Post Business Writer

SECTION: NEWS DESK; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 795 words


Colorado's drought-stricken ranchers stand to collect a portion of  a $ 752
million emergency aid package announced Thursday by the U.S.  Department of
Agriculture.

Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said the funding is intended to  offer
immediate help for livestock producers.

In contrast, larger drought appropriations in Congress - as much as  $ 6 billion
- could take months to reach livestock producers, if  they survive a conference
committee and a possible veto by  President Bush. The bills in Congress would
assist livestock  producers and crop growers.

The federal emergency aid comes as Colorado and other parts of the  West suffer
the worst drought on record. Colorado has recorded  hundreds of millions of
dollars in livestock and crop losses.

Most Western states and many in other sections of the nation - 37  states in
total - are eligible for the financial help, including  Wyoming, Nebraska,
Kansas, Utah and New Mexico.

USDA officials could not say Thursday how much of the emergency aid  will go to
Colorado. The Colorado share could be about $ 18 million,  according to an
estimate from the office of U.S. Sen. Wayne Allard,  R-Colo.

Colorado agriculture officials said the funding will help preserve  remaining
herds of cattle producers. Ranchers have been forced to  prematurely sell
animals this summer because of scarce forage and  high feed costs.

'This will mean an awful lot for us,' said Bill Jack, a cattle  rancher in the
Wet Mountain Valley near Westcliffe. 'Without  knowing any details of the
program, I'd still say it'll be  important because the drought has been a near
disaster for many of  us.'

Jack said his hay pastures, which normally would produce 7,000  bales, this
summer yielded only 78 bales.

'This is a tremendous move,' said Terry Fankhauser, executive  vice president of
the Colorado Cattlemen's Association, which  represents 2,500 cattle producers
in Colorado. 'It'll be a  significant help in producers' ability to procure feed
and maintain  their base herds.'

The funding will go to most cattle, sheep and dairy farmers in  Colorado
counties that have been declared primary drought disaster  areas by the USDA.

All counties have received the disaster designation except  Broomfield, Clear
Creek, Denver, Gilpin and San Juan.

Payments under the USDA program range from $ 18 per head for beef  cattle to $
31.50 for dairy cows to $ 4.50 for sheep.

To be eligible, ranchers must have owned the livestock for 90 days.  Payments
are based on the number of animals owned as of June 1,  2002.

The program will be administered by local Farm Service Agency  offices in
Colorado and 36 other states affected by drought.  Livestock producers can begin
signing up Oct. 1.

'We're preparing to get a lot of calls real quick from people  wondering how
soon they'll get their checks,' said Ed Buck, an  agriculture program specialist
at the Farm Service Agency office in  Lakewood.

USDA officials said the payments will be made 'shortly' after a  producer signs
up for the program.

'This program will provide immediate assistance to producers who  need it the
most,' Veneman said in a conference call.

Funding for the $ 752 million aid package comes from the USDA's  Section 32
program, which uses duties collected on agricultural  imports to buy surplus
farm products as a price-support mechanism  for farmers.

The Section 32 funds also are used to pay for school lunch and  domestic
nutrition programs. Veneman said there will be no  reduction in lunch programs
because the drought aid package comes  from other Section 32 accounts.

A spokeswoman for Allard said Colorado's cattle population of 2  million head
earlier this year has been reduced to about 1 million  because of
drought-related sales.

Colorado ranchers would receive about $ 18 million based on payments  of $ 18 a
head for beef cattle, Allard's office said. That total  could increase based on
the number of dairy cows and sheep in the  state.

Under a $ 6 billion drought assistance bill pending in Congress,  Colorado would
receive about $ 80 million in crop disaster funds and  $ 20 million for
livestock assistance.

Veneman said she couldn't predict how the bill will fare in a  House-Senate
conference committee, nor whether Bush will sign the  bill.

U.S. Rep. Bob Schaffer, R-Colo., said he hopes to see a bill emerge  that won't
increase the federal deficit. He said funding for the  bill must originate from
cost savings in other programs instead of  new spending.

"Just spending more (for drought assistance) will not be a  realistic option,"
Schaffer said.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Veneman

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            July 19, 1989, Wednesday

SENATE AT ODDS OVER SCOPE OF FARM DISASTER AID PLAN

BYLINE: PAUL S. TOSTO

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 865 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Moments after North Dakota Sen. Kent Conrad unveiled his broad farm disaster
relief plan last week, Minority Leader Robert Dole took the Senate floor. Sen.
Dole was not happy.

The Kansas Republican had wanted to move a narrow rescue bill quickly through
Congress, one that would rush relief to winter wheat farmers devastated by this
year's drought. But his Senate colleagues, Republicans included, wanted elief
for crops and disasters in their states, too.

With budget constraints tight, a big disaster bill would mean less money for
Sen. Dole's winter wheat farmers, who were suffering now. Sen. Conrad's bill
called for aid to crops that had yet to be planted. "Equity is not holding one
group hostage for 6, 7, 8 months until we take care of everybody else in the
country," Sen. Dole complained to Sen. Conrad, a Democrat.

"If we would have acted when the senator from Kansas was urging us to act, his
people would have been taken care of and my people would not have been take care
of . . . My people a re on the brink of facing a disaster every bit as serious .
. . ," Sen. Conrad said.

The Senate Agriculture Committee is supposed to begin crafting its disaster aid
package today, but congressional sources say that committee members have still
not finished drafting a bill.

So it goes. As the drought rolls mercilessly into 1989, the Senate finds itself
agonizing over which farmers to help and which to exclude. Despite Bush
administration warnings over the final cost of disaster aid, Senate Republicans
are divided on the scope of legislation, and the list of producers who may get
help is widening as the weeks tick by.

Congressional and industry sources agree it is no longer politically feasible
for Congress to pass a bill covering just winter wheat. The House has already
passed a massive crop disaster bill - essentially an extension of the 1988 law -
that may cost more than $ 1 billion. The Senate now appears headed down a
similar path.

Sen. Dole and U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter have
urged restraint, arguing that only winter wheat producers have been damaged so
far. But persistent dry weather in the Midwest and flooding down South have
forced new pressure on Sen. Dole and Mr. Yeutter to compromise.

''I think the cement has cracked around the (administration's) firm position
that (aid) was only going to winter wheat," said Rob Nooter, lobbyist with the
American Farm Bureau Federation. "The thing tends to snowball from this point
forward," he said.

Senators still hope to write a bill before early August, when Congress adjourns
for the summer. Senate Agriculture Committee members remain divided. But the
divisions are geographical, not political, with some Republicans asking for as
much aid for their farmers as Democrats.

Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, told reporters he favored extending the 1988
drought law, but for program crops only. Sen. Grassley is particularly worried
because in Iowa "his own corn crop is burning," said Caran Colbe McKee, his
press secretary. Sen. Grassley believes "Dole is mellowing" on his demand for a
drought bill targeted only at winter wheat farmers, Ms. McKee said.

In Mississippi, floods have put more than 200,000 crop acres under water.
Extension agents estimate damages to cotton and grains at roughly $ 400 million,
said an aide to Sen. Thad Cochran, R-Miss. In a meeting of Senate Republicans
last week, Sen. Cochran passed around photos of Mississippi drowning, apparently
convincing Mr. Yeutter that those farmers deserved help, too.

Montana Democratic Sen. Max Baucus, is worried about cherry producers in his
state, and Sen. Wyche Fowler, D-Ga., is concerned the blush may have left his
state's peach crop.

Like they did last year, lawmakers seeking aid for their farmers say it will not
cost the government a dime. Higher crop prices from the drought mean lower USDA
payments. That "savings" will be used to aid farmers hurt by weather disasters,
they say.

But savings from program commodities will likely need to be used to aid growers
of both program and non-program crops. That means, for example, that even if the
House bill were approved by Congress there may not be enough money to give
winter wheat producers the same aid spring wheat producers got last year - even
though the legislation is essentially the same.

Sen. Dole and Indiana Sen. Richard Lugar, ranking Republican on the Senate
Agriculture Committee, met with OMB Director Richard Darman on Tuesday to get a
better feel for possible budget savings from the drought and related weather
problems this year. The OMB's new spending estimates could be used as a
benchmark for new disaster aid.

At this point, however, Sen. Lugar and Sen. Dole will likely find it tough
persuading the full Senate committee to write a narrow disaster aid bill, no
matter what the numbers say.

''I think they've (Republicans) got a rebellion in their ranks," said one
agriculture staffer.

''Broadly speaking, there seems to be a consensus between Republicans and
Democrats, with the exception of Sen. Dole and Sen. Lugar, (that the bill should
cover) all crops and all disasters," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: NEWS ANALYSIS

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              32 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 6, 1993, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Aid package includes $ 700M in symbolism

BYLINE: Lori Sharn

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 256 words


The new U.S. aid package for Russia includes $ 700 million in agricultural
credits - less than one-third of what the former Soviet Union used to purchase
from U.S. farmers.

But it is significant because all agricultural sales were suspended Dec. 1 when
Russia defaulted on payments guaranteed by the U.S. government.

"No, it's not a big package. It's big more for what it symbolizes," says Jack
King, of the American Farm Bureau Federation. "It bodes well for future sales."

Last year, 62% of U.S. exports to the former Soviet Union were agricultural.

Under the new aid package, revealed at last weekend's summit between President
Clinton and Russian President Boris Yeltsin, the U.S. government will buy and
ship the agricultural products, and Russia will repay the USA. The products are
yet to be negotiated.

A big chunk of the $ 700 million will be spent on freight. The proposal calls
for sending 75% of the goods on U.S.-flagged ships, which can cost three times
as much as vessels registered in other nations.

Erick Erickson of the U.S. Feed Grains Council says the remaining money could
purchase more than 4 million tons of corn and wheat.

Wheat prices were up last week in anticipation of the aid announcement. But the
sale won't dent the U.S. corn surplus, which drove down prices after a bumper
crop last year, says Nebraska farmer Randy Cruise, president of the National
Corn Growers Association.

But he calls the aid plan "good news. . . . Nothing cuts off a democracy as fast
as people going hungry."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, AP

WORKING WITH RUSSIA

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              33 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             May 15, 1993, Saturday

SCIENCE DIGEST Musseling in on New Orleans territory

SECTION: SCIENCE; Section E; Page 1

LENGTH: 387 words


It was inevitable, but a new pest has made it all the way past New Orleans: a
freshwater mollusk that plays the dickens with drinking water systems, ports and
ships, according to the Louisiana State University Agricultural Center. The
mussels range in size from a dime to an adult's thumbnail, and, in huge numbers,
can clog water intake pipes and drainage culverts. They are native to the
drainage basins of the Black, Caspian and Aral seas of Europe and Asia. No one
knows how they reached North America. Experts suspect they were brought by
oceangoing ships traveling up the St. Lawrence Seaway to the Great Lakes around
1986.

A good fungus among us. A scientist with the U.S. Department of Agriculture says
a naturally occurring fungus can eliminate more than 90 percent of a common weed
that infests Southern crops. The fungus, dubbed COLTRU, can kill hemp sesbania,
a common weed that infests Southern soybean, cotton and rice fields. The fungus
was found on sick hemp sesbania seedlings near Stoneville, Miss. "COLTRU is
highly virulent, host-specific and will work in a wide range of environmental
conditions," said C. Douglas Boyette, a plant pathologist at the Jamie Whitten
Delta States Research Center in Stoneville.

New industrial robots taking shape. A new generation of scientific and
industrial robots is taking shape in a basement engineering laboratory at the
Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore. "Shape" is a key word, as tentacle-like
trains of rods and motors twist and wind their way among obstacles and reach
into highly constrained areas. Descendants of these prototypes will be able to
perform such varied tasks as inspecting nuclear reactors, entering hostile
environments to clean up toxic materials or even exploring distant planets.

Nerve cells in damaged ear can regenerate. There's more good news for some
people with hearing loss. Researchers at Washington University in St. Louis have
evidence that nerve cells can regenerate in the damaged inner ear. "In areas of
the ears where there had been tremendous damage, we found new nerve fibers that
appeared to be seeking sensory cells to make new connections," says Dr. Barbara
Bohne, professor of otolaryngology. While a cochlear implant can help those with
profound hearing deficits, not everyone is a candidate for the device.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931600550

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              34 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                          September 10, 2005, Saturday

British aid is held up in US fiasco

BYLINE: Ben Hoyle

SECTION: Overseas news; 45

LENGTH: 576 words


MoD furious after ban on EU meat keeps ration packs sitting on runways after
urgent delivery by the RAF, Ben Hoyle reports

The United States held up British emergency rations worth £4 million for five
days because of fears about the safety of European meat.

As the refugee crisis that followed the floods in Louisiana grew during the
week, more than 400,000 military ration packs sat at two airfields in America.

Washington had requested them last weekend, but the meals fell foul of a United
States Department of Agriculture ban on the import of certain products from the
European Union.

But last night, five days after the first batches of aid arrived from Britain
and after negotiations with the British Government, the agency waived the ban,
paving the way for the food to be distributed to those who need it.

A Cabinet Office spokeswoman said: "The United States Department of Agriculture
has cleared ration packs for onward distribution. Meals from all EU member
states have been cleared."

However, British defence staff are furious that the delay prevented the rations
from reaching the refugees for whom they were intended until this weekend.

One member of the Ministry of Defence's Defence Logistics Organisation, which
helped to organise the airlift, said: "Can you imagine how this is going down at
our end? People were working their butts off on Sunday and Monday to make this
happen. This aid wasn't volunteered. The US asked for it.

"We moved heaven and earth to get this stuff out there. You don't send half a
million ration packs if you don't think they're going to be used."

The MoD estimates that the cost of supplying the meals was about £6 million.

A spokeswoman said: "The packs themselves cost £3 million to £4 million and the
airlift cost around $ 4 million (£2.2 million).

"We responded as quickly as possible to a request from the US authorities
following Hurricane Katrina -including specifically a request for emergency
ration packs. Some of these packs have arrived on US soil and the handling of
this is now a matter for the US authorities. It's a matter for them if and how
they distribute these packs."

The first batch of ration packs left RAF Brize Norton in two aircraft on Monday
morning. About half a million meals were assembled for transportation, of which
400,000 are at two airfields, one at Little Rock, Arkansas, the other in Texas.

Shipment of the remaining 100,000 packs had been suspended.

The packs sitting on the tarmac in Texas and Arakansas are standard issue
British military rations, designed to feed one soldier on operations for 24
hours.

Each one has 3,500 calories and can sustain a civilian in less-physically
demanding circumstances for two days. The packs include a boil-in-the-bag
breakfast, a main meal, a dessert, savoury snacks, biscuits, sweets, coffee and
tea and tissues.

Breakfast options are typically sausage or bacon served with beans. Lunch might
be a beef stew and dumplings, a chicken curry or a lamb hotpot. Desserts include
rice pudding and chocolate roll with chocolate sauce.

Vegetarian versions have also been sent.

Inside the cardboard pack there is a mini-stove and matches to heat up meals and
drinks, but they can be eaten cold if necessary.

Perhaps confusingly for their intended recipients, one of the chocolate bars
supplied in the packs is a Yorkie bar that bears the slogan "Not for civvies."


LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2005 Times Newspapers Limited


                              35 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 2, 2010 Wednesday

Proposed state budget will cut funding for Schuylkill County Fair

BYLINE: Stephen J. Pytak AND Robert Swift, Republican and Herald, Pottsville,
Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 813 words


Jun. 2--The organizers of the Schuylkill County Fair aren't banking on the state
for much, if any, financial support this year.

State aid to county fairs is up in the air as lawmakers face tough decisions
while crafting a new budget.

"Every year, we kind of go through this. The current governor doesn't put us in
the budget, then state representatives and senators start getting together and
our people start to work the system and they find ways to get us funding," said
the Rev. Karl W. Jones, Orwigsburg, president of the Schuylkill County Fair
Association and the fair's parent organization, the Schuylkill County Foundation
for Agriculture and Resource Management.

Pennsylvania's 115 county fairs and shows are a summertime staple, providing a
showcase for the state's large agriculture industry. In flush economic times,
the fairs divvy up several million dollars in aid from Harrisburg to help pay
out prize money to contestants and underwrite improvements to buildings and
grounds.

But this year, assurances of aid haven't been forthcoming as the state budget
deficit hit $1.2 billion on Tuesday. The House and Senate return to session
Monday with fiscal issues taking center stage as the June 30 deadline looms for
approving the 2010-11 budget.

When Gov. Ed Rendell proposed an initial budget in February, he made no
allocation for the county fairs and that was when the deficit was pegged at a
smaller $500 million.

The fairs sustained an aid cut in the current budget, receiving $2 million,
compared with $3.6 million in fiscal 2008-09. Of that amount, $1.6 million went
to grants for the fairs, $300,000 to youth agriculture programs and $55,000 for
youth agricultural organizations, according to the state Agriculture Department.

In Schuylkill County in 2008, the state provided about $20,000 to the county
fair. In 2009, that was dropped to $15,000, said Robert Evanchalk, vice
president of the Schuylkill County Foundation for Agriculture and Resource
Management, the nonprofit organization that conducts the fair.

"The state funding we received was running around $20,000 for a few years. It
was really reduced last year, down about one-third. However, we were able to
cope with it. We're hoping to have something in the budget again this year but
we're certainly not counting on it," Evanchalk said Tuesday. "The $15,000 in
state funding was used to pay premium checks for our exhibitors."

If state aid isn't available this year, funding for premiums, which pay for
exhibitor prizes, will be taken from gate admissions, he said.

"We've all been living with budget cuts from the state to the county, so we have
to find other creative ways to do this. Our position has always been that we
want to keep the prices family friendly. So we lowered some of our prices while
keeping some the same. Some people think we get big money for doing this, but
all the members of the board, we're all volunteers. Nobody gets paid," Jones
said.

The Agriculture Department classifies fairs in five classes depending on days of
operation and fairground acreage to determine how much aid is given.

A complete loss of state aid wouldn't mean the shows won't go on, said Mark
O'Neill, spokesman for the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau. However, each fair board
would need to consider options such as increasing admission fees or reducing
prize amounts, he said.

"We're not saying a fair is not going to happen because of this," O'Neill said.
"The last thing they want to do is raise an admission fee."

At the Capitol, lawmakers are girding for fights on many appropriations that
have enjoyed considerable backing in the past.

"The line item for county fairs is one that has enjoyed strong bipartisan
support over the years, but restoring any of the governor's cuts this year will
be extraordinarily difficult," said Erik Arneson, spokesman for Senate Majority
Leader Dominic Pileggi, R-9, Chester.

"It (aid) can't be promised in any way, shape or form," said Kristin
Ebersole-Crawford, executive director of the Senate Agriculture and Rural
Affairs Committee.

The 27th annual Schuylkill County Fair will be held at the fairgrounds in Summit
Station from Aug. 2 through Aug. 7. Highlights of the 2010 Schuylkill County
Fair include Royalty Coronation on Aug. 2, and a live performance by the 1980s
rock group "Survivor," known for the hit "Eye of the Tiger," on Aug. 7.

For more information on this year's Schuylkill County Fair, log on to
www.schuylkillfair.com/index.html.

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Republican and Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100602-RN-Proposed-state
-budget-will-cut-funding-for-Schuylkill-County-Fair-0602

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2010 Republican & Herald


                              36 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 16, 1993, Friday, Final Edition

Area Prepares to Seek Disaster Aid;
Maryland, Virginia Survey Weather-Related Crop Damage

Richard Tapscott, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B2

LENGTH: 452 words


Agriculture officials in Maryland and Virginia have begun systematic studies of
crop damage caused by the recent hot, dry weather as they prepare to seek
federal disaster relief.

After touring an Eastern Shore farm yesterday, Maryland Gov. William Donald
Schaefer said that preliminary surveys found scattered damage to corn and
soybean crops across the state.

"If we don't have rain in a week, it will become a disaster in some parts of the
state," Schaefer said as he returned to the State House in Annapolis.

State and federal agriculture officials were expected to complete a "flash"
survey today of county-by-county crop conditions. A more detailed study would be
needed before the state could ask President Clinton to declare disaster areas,
which would make farmers there eligible for low-interest loans.

Schaefer said he will ask the Maryland congressional delegation to seek
contingency funding for Maryland farmers as part of the $ 2.5 billion disaster
aid package that Clinton sent to Capitol Hill for the flood-ravaged Midwest.

In Virginia, King and Queen County officials mailed a request for a disaster
declaration to Gov. L. Douglas Wilder. A spokeswoman for state Agriculture
Commissioner Clifton V. Turner said two other counties, Middlesex and King
William, are expected to submit requests.

Fruit growers in the Virginia valleys have reported little loss as a result of
the heat wave, the spokeswoman said, but some vegetable farmers on the Virginia
Eastern Shore said they expect a yield of one-third less than last year.

Maryland Agriculture Secretary Robert L. Walker said yesterday that some
counties, such as Wicomico on the Eastern Shore, may see a 40 percent drop in
yields and could qualify for federal disaster aid. He cautioned, however, that
conditions for aid are spotty, since some areas have received recent rain.

Overall, the state's annual rainfall is about normal, Walker said, and subsoil
moisture remains good because of the dry, cool spring. But the hot and dry
weather in the last two weeks came at a critical time in corn pollination and
the growth of new soybean crops, experts said.

The irony, Walker said, is that feed-grain prices for Mid-Atlantic farmers could
be high this year because flooding in the Corn Belt along the Mississippi River
and drought in the South has reduced crop production.

Besides the effect on grains, the heat wave also has taken a toll on Eastern
Shore poultry growers and on the state's dairy industry. Walker said as many as
200,000 chickens have died as a result of the intense heat. Some dairy farmers
-- most clustered in Central and Western Maryland -- reported a nearly 15
percent drop in milk production, he said.


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS, VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              37 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 20, 2008 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Rules relaxed for 'food stamp' eligibility

BYLINE: Wendy Koch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 423 words


As the economy weakens, states and the federal government are trying to help
more people qualify for "food stamps."

Since Oct. 1, new federal rules make it easier for households with income from
combat pay, retirement accounts or education savings to be eligible. The rules
are part of the 2008 Farm Bill, which changed the name of the food stamp program
to Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP).

"This is a nutrition program, not a welfare program," says Jean Daniel,
spokeswoman for the U.S. Department of Agriculture, noting that half the 29
million Americans who receive aid are children. SNAP serves one of every five of
the nation's kids, who are also eligible for free or reduced-price school meals.

Some states are going further to expand eligibility. Last month, California
enacted a bill that will allow low-income people to keep some savings and still
qualify for food aid. At least four other states -- Maryland, Ohio, Pennsylvania
and Vermont -- similarly eased the asset test this year.

"People won't have to sink to ground zero to get help," says Paul Fraunholtz, a
deputy director in Ohio's Department of Job and Family Services.

The U.S. government pays for the benefit, and states cover half the cost of
administering the program, which began in 1961.  States are allowed to adjust
eligibility rules, and more are doing so.  As of Oct. 1, Washington state
allowed people with slightly higher incomes, up to $42,400 for a family of four,
to qualify.  New York began giving energy aid to more low-income renters,
because receiving such aid increases their monthly food stamp benefit.

"States are looking for new ways to support working families," says Stacy Dean,
director of food assistance policy at the Center on Budget and Policy
Priorities, which studies policies that affect low- and moderate-income people.
She says more states, faced with tight budgets, are making changes this year to
increase federal food aid.

Dean says the changes will increase participation but job layoffs will do far
more to add people to the program. She says states and the USDA are encouraging
eligible people to seek benefits.  Currently, two-thirds of them do.

"This is not your father's food stamp program," says Heidi Tringe, policy
adviser to Vermont's Republican Gov. Jim Douglas. Recipients no longer get
vouchers; they get debit cards. She says many people are worried about food and
energy bills this winter, so expanding food aid is "the right thing to do."

To find out more about SNAP eligibility, go to: ww.fns.usda.gov/snap

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Adrienne Lewis, USA TODAY, Source: U.S. Department of
Agriculture (Bar chart)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NATION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 12, 1992, Sunday, Final Edition

Frank R. Ellis, AID Official, Dies at Age 77

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B10; OBITUARIES

LENGTH: 386 words


Frank Ross Ellis, 77, a retired deputy coordinator of the Agency for
International Development's Food for Peace program who also had worked for the
Agriculture Department and on Capitol Hill, died of cancer July 10 at his home
in Bethesda.

He came to Washington and began his government career with USDA in 1935. He
transferred as a commodity specialist to the Economic Cooperation
Administration, the agency that administered the Marshall Plan, in 1948. He
later returned to Agriculture, where he was commodity programs branch chief in
the department's tobacco division from 1951 to 1959.

From 1959 to 1962, Mr. Ellis was an administrative assistant to Rep. Frank
Stubblefield (D-Ky.). He then joined AID as agricultural resources division
director in its material resources office. He worked for AID until retiring in
1972. During his years with AID, he participated in delegations to South Asia
and the Middle East and worked with United Nations groups.

He was a recipient of AID's highest award, the Distinguished Honor Award, and
the Agriculture Department's Superior Service Award.

Mr. Ellis, a Kentucky native, was a 1935 graduate of Murray State University. He
served with the Army in the Pacific during World War II, was recalled to active
duty during the Korean War, and rose to the rank of major in the Army Reserve in
the 1950s.

His first wife, Hazel Boyer Ellis, died in 1989. Survivors include his wife,
June Norris August Ellis of Bethesda; two sons from his first marriage, James
F., of Stuarts Draft, Va., and John R., of Los Angeles; three stepchildren,
James L. Norris Jr. of Lanham, Jon W. Norris of Bethesda and June Norris Carter
of Highland, Md.; a sister, Leila Erwin of Murray, Ky.; five grandchildren and
four stepgrandchildren.

FAYE M. WYLLY.

Chevy Chase Resident

Faye Merrell Wylly, 86, a Chevy Chase resident since moving to this area from
Florida in 1966, died of asthma and cardiac arrest July 10 at her home.

Mrs. Wylly, a Georgia native, had attended business school in Atlanta and was a
secretary and bookkeeper there before her 1930 marriage to Alexander Campbell
Wylly. She was active in his Florida acoustical insulation business before his
death in 1963.

Survivors include a son, Alexander Campbell Wylly, and a sister, Mildred
Merrell, both of Chevy Chase.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: OBITUARY

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              39 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 2, 2010 Wednesday

Proposed state budget will cut funding for Schuylkill County Fair funding

BYLINE: Stephen J. Pytak AND Robert Swift, Republican and Herald, Pottsville,
Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 822 words


Jun. 2--The organizers of the Schuylkill County Fair aren't banking on the state
for much, if any, financial support this year.

State aid to county fairs is up in the air as lawmakers face tough decisions
while crafting a new budget.

"Every year, we kind of go through this. The current governor doesn't put us in
the budget, then state representatives and senators start getting together and
our people start to work the system and they find ways to get us funding," said
the Rev. Karl W. Jones, Orwigsburg, president of the Schuylkill County Fair
Association and the fair's parent organization, the Schuylkill County Foundation
for Agriculture and Resource Management.

Pennsylvania's 115 county fairs and shows are a summertime staple, providing a
showcase for the state's large agriculture industry. In flush economic times,
the fairs divvy up several million dollars in aid from Harrisburg to help pay
out prize money to contestants and underwrite improvements to buildings and
grounds.

But this year, assurances of aid haven't been forthcoming as the state budget
deficit hit $1.2 billion on Tuesday. The House and Senate return to session
Monday with fiscal issues taking center stage as the June 30 deadline looms for
approving the 2010-11 budget.

When Gov. Ed Rendell proposed an initial budget in February, he made no
allocation for the county fairs and that was when the deficit was pegged at a
smaller $500 million.

The fairs sustained an aid cut in the current budget, receiving $2 million,
compared with $3.6 million in fiscal 2008-09. Of that amount, $1.6 million went
to grants for the fairs, $300,000 to youth agriculture programs and $55,000 for
youth agricultural organizations, according to the state Agriculture Department.

In Schuylkill County in 2008, the state provided about $20,000 to the county
fair. In 2009, that was dropped to $15,000, said Robert Evanchalk, vice
president of the Schuylkill County Foundation for Agriculture and Resource
Management, the nonprofit organization that conducts the fair.

"The state funding we received was running around $20,000 for a few years. It
was really reduced last year, down about one-third. However, we were able to
cope with it. We're hoping to have something in the budget again this year but
we're certainly not counting on it," Evanchalk said Tuesday. "The $15,000 in
state funding was used to pay premium checks for our exhibitors."

If state aid isn't available this year, funding for premiums, which pay for
exhibitor prizes, will be taken from gate admissions, he said.

"We've all been living with budget cuts from the state to the county, so we have
to find other creative ways to do this. Our position has always been that we
want to keep the prices family friendly. So we lowered some of our prices while
keeping some the same. Some people think we get big money for doing this, but
all the members of the board, we're all volunteers. Nobody gets paid," Jones
said.

The Agriculture Department classifies fairs in five classes depending on days of
operation and fairground acreage to determine how much aid is given.

A complete loss of state aid wouldn't mean the shows won't go on, said Mark
O'Neill, spokesman for the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau. However, each fair board
would need to consider options such as increasing admission fees or reducing
prize amounts, he said.

"We're not saying a fair is not going to happen because of this," O'Neill said.
"The last thing they want to do is raise an admission fee."

At the Capitol, lawmakers are girding for fights on many appropriations that
have enjoyed considerable backing in the past.

"The line item for county fairs is one that has enjoyed strong bipartisan
support over the years, but restoring any of the governor's cuts this year will
be extraordinarily difficult," said Erik Arneson, spokesman for Senate Majority
Leader Dominic Pileggi, R-9, Chester.

"It (aid) can't be promised in any way, shape or form," said Kristin
Ebersole-Crawford, executive director of the Senate Agriculture and Rural
Affairs Committee.

The 27th annual Schuylkill County Fair will be held at the fairgrounds in Summit
Station from Aug. 2 through Aug. 7. Highlights of the 2010 Schuylkill County
Fair include Royalty Coronation on Aug. 2, and a live performance by the 1980s
rock group "Survivor," known for the hit "Eye of the Tiger," on Aug. 7.

For more information on this year's Schuylkill County Fair, log on to
www.schuylkillfair.com/index.html.

Sign up for Text Alerts

Sign up for e-mail newsletters

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Republican and Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100602-RN-Proposed-state
-budget-will-cut-funding-for-Schuylkill-County-Fair-funding-0602

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2010 Republican & Herald


                              40 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 30, 2001 Monday
                                 Final Edition

'Eggplant Caucus' Cultivates Support

BYLINE: Dan Morgan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 637 words


The Senate's "eggplant caucus" racked up another victory last week.

The caucus, organized by Sen. Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.) and nicknamed for New
Jersey's eggplant farmers, has been fighting for more than a year to redress
what it considers years of discrimination against East Coast agricultural
interests in farm bills.

Only a third of farmers, most of them corn, wheat, soybean or cotton growers
with hefty political support, get any government support payments. Ten percent
of those who do, come away with about two-thirds of the money, according to
Washington's Environmental Working Group.

The short shrift given the East Coast is evident in the fact that Leahy is the
sole regional representative on the 21-member Senate Agriculture Committee.
(Rice producer Arkansas alone has two.) The House Agriculture Committee, with 51
members, has just two, representing Maine and Pennsylvania.

So the eggplant caucus, made up of senators from Virginia to Maine, came to be.

"Its immediate focus was to stress that Northeast and mid-Atlantic states whose
agriculture interests are different from those of the mass commodities of the
Midwest deserve a seat at table," said Leahy spokesman David Carle.

The caucus had its first success in last year's crop insurance legislation,
which traditionally has provided little help for growers of fruits, vegetables
and other specialty crops.

With the caucus behind him, Leahy was able to get money set aside in the bill
for government payment programs for which specialty farmers would be eligible,
such as conservation grants, environmental initiatives and assistance with the
transition to organic farming. The aid was limited to farmers in the 15 states
that get the least government farm aid.

Then last Thursday, Leahy and his eggplanters scored a further success with a $
7.4 billion "emergency supplemental" farm bill approved by the Senate
Agriculture Committee. The bill earmarked $ 100 million for additional
conservation programs in the same 15 states, and provided $ 25 million for the
army worm problem, which has devasted hay crops in Vermont, New Hampshire,
Missouri and other states.

The success of the eggplant coalition is part of an effort in Congress to
broaden the benefits of farm legislation that has long helped mainly the Midwest
and South.

The emergency measure approved Thursday also includes $ 220 million for
government purchases of specialty crops that experienced low prices in the 2000
and 2001 crop years -- another step outside traditional farm programs.

Apple growers, centered in such states as New York, Michigan, Washington, Oregon
and West Virginia, will be eligible for a $ 150 million government purchase
program to boost prices.

In a sign of changing times, Sen. Deborah Ann Stabenow (D-Mich.) criticized a
substitute measure offered by Sen. Richard G. Lugar (R-Ind.) for not aiding
apple growers.

The movement to diversify farm aid has its political perils for both parties,
however.

The traditional commodity states of the Midwest and Great Plains are an
important base for the Democratic Party in the Senate, starting with Senate
Majority Leader Thomas A. Daschle (D-S.D.). Senate Agriculture Committee
Chairman Tom Harkin (D-Iowa), who supports "balance" in farm bills, is up for
reelection next year.

The Week Ahead: The Senate will take up the $ 7.4 billion supplemental
agricultural authorization bill, reauthorization of export controls and
appropriations bills. The House is scheduled to complete work on a bill funding
the Department of Veterans Affairs and Department of Housing and Urban
Development. It will take up legislative branch appropriations, a ban on
cloning, the Jordan trade bill and an energy bill. Time permitting, the House
may consider the patients' bill of rights and "fast track" trade legislation.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              41 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             August 27, 2006 Sunday

SECTION: LIFE

LENGTH: 842 words


UND graduates


The University of North Dakota held summer commencement on Aug. 4 at the Chester
Fritz Auditorium.

Area graduates include: Ashley - Dorinda Krueger (MPA); Beulah - Crystal Bruce
(MS), Sherrill Mann (MS), Marcy Miller (MS); Bismarck - Jeremiah Bartz (MS),
Wanda Berg (PhD), Chrystie Brady (MS), Benjamin Conley (BSA), Trisha Dietrich
(MS), Darla Dosch (BSRLS, magna cum laude), Donna Fishbeck (PhD), Sara Gebhardt
(MS), Kristin Gerving (MEd), Naser Grajcevci (BSA and BBA), Rose Kreitinger
(MEd), Stacey Leier (BS), Amy Luger (MEd), Toni Massey-Wheeler (MEd), Amie
Osborn (MS), John Salwei (PhD), Anthony Schaeffer (BSRLS), Tamara Weiler (ME),
Shannon Weisz (MA), Brian Werner (MS); Burlington - Marie Miller (BA, cum
laude); Dickinson - Matthew Mack (BSRLS, summa cum laude), Lucy Meyer (MS),
Samuel Mitzel (MS), Catherine Quintane (MSW); Fessenden - Christopher Rice (BA);
Fort Yates - Tomi Kuntz (MEd), Janet Thomas (BSPA); Glen Ullin - Monica Gietzen
(MS); Hebron - Jason Tibor (BA); Killdeer - Hilary Kaisershot (PhD); Mandan -
Sarah Bell (BA, cum laude), Carol Dietz (MEd), Curtis Jefferson (BA, magna cum
laude), Tiffany Schlinger (BS), Amanda Schneider (BA, magna cum laude), Peggy
Vaagen (MPA); Mandaree - Allison Baker (MA), Amber Finley (BSFWB); New Leipzig -
Nola Roth (MS); New Town - Andrew Reed (MS); Pick City - Amber Drown (BSEd);
Scranton - Heidi Bloomgren (MEd); Selfridge - Kathryn Froelich (PhD); Shields -
Robin Braun (BSChe, cum laude); St. Anthony - Cheryl Reisenauer (BSSW and
BSCJS); Sterling - Kelsey Lang (MA); Velva - Amber Fox (MS); Washburn - Brandon
Sem (BBA), Travis Steckler (BSA); Williston - Kaylyn Bondy (BA, summa cum
laude), Andrew Richards (BBA), Angela Stockman (BA), Logan Stoner (BSRLS); and
Wishek - Jessica Sanders (BBA, cum laude).


Nebraska awards

These area students were among approximately 450 students who have been awarded
New Nebraskan, Nebraska Legacy or Midwest Student Exchange Program scholarships
to attend the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.

Bartley Engelhart, of Bismarck, received the George Beadle Scholarship, a full
tuition-differential scholarship. He is will major in mechanical engineering.

Ian Kubik, of Dickinson, also received the George Beadle Scholarship. He has not
declared a major.

Heather Abelmann, of Williston, received a Midwest Student Exchange Scholarship.
She will study pre-nursing.

Grain dealers aid

The North Dakota Grain Dealers Educational Foundation is taking applications for
financial aid for the 2006-07 school term. Ten awards of $500 per person are
planned. Students must be enrolled in one of the following curriculums:

Bismarck State College - Agribusiness Sales and Service, Agriculture Transfer.

Dickinson State University - Agricultural Studies, Business/Marketing,
Agriculture Sales and Service, Agribusiness Management, Agriculture Transfer.

Williston State College - Ag Business Sales and Management, Agriculture
Transfer.

Fort Berthold Community College, New Town - Agribusiness Sales and Service,
Agriculture Transfer.

North Dakota State College of Science, Wahpeton - Crop Production Sales and
Service, Agriculture Transfer, Agriculture Systems Management (NDSU Transfer).

MSU­Bottineau - Agriculture Transfer.

College of Agriculture, Food Systems and Natural Resources, NDSU, Fargo -
Agribusiness: Agribusiness Finance, Agribusiness Management, Agribusiness
Marketing; Agricultural Economics: Farm Management, Agrifinance, Commodity
Marketing; Agricultural Systems Management: Agribusiness or Applied Technology
options; Crop and Weed Science: Biotech or Weed Science options; Plant
Protection; Soil Science; Food Science.

The scholarship application deadline is Sept. 30. Major emphasis will be placed
on students interested in careers in the grain marketing industry. Applications
can be obtained by writing the Foundation office at 118 Broadway N. Suite 606,
Fargo, N.D. 58102, or by calling 701-235-4184.

Traynor accepted

Alison Traynor, a graduate of Bismarck High School, has been accepted to
Minnesota State University Moorhead. She is the daughter of Debbie and Terry
Traynor and intends to major in social work.

BSC honor roll

These Bismarck State College students were named to the president's honor roll
for the summer session. Students must maintain at least a 3.50 grade-point
average on a 4.00 scale while enrolled in at least 12 semester hours of classes.
Those with a star following their name have a 4.00 GPA for the session.

Area students are: Beulah - Dwight Frank; Bismarck - Michael Berger, Julijana
Draganic*, Kurt Gillig, Nathan Kimball*, Christopher Teigen*, Mary Wald*, Bill
Zimmerman*; Mandan - Daryl Brahos*, Jonathan Williams*, Kari Wilson; and New
Salem - Jamie Toepke.

Going to Concordia

Josiah Simburger, Mandan, has announced his decision to enroll at Concordia
College, Moorhead, Minn.

Simburger, a graduate of Mandan High School, is the son of Shelly Simburger.

Caya graduates

Sara Jo Caya, of Bismarck, received a bachelor of arts degree in economics, with
distinction, from the University of North Carolina at Asheville in August.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 24, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES/OPTIONS;
Wheat Up on Expectations Of Accelerated Russian Aid

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 14; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 423 words


Wheat futures prices rose sharply yesterday amid expectations for accelerated
Russian food aid and signs of further damage to the winter wheat crop.

Other grain and soybean futures also rose on the Chicago Board of Trade, partly
erasing Wednesday's losses.

Wheat for May delivery, which represents the last of the 1991 crop, rose 6 3/4
cents, to $3.80 3/4 a bushel, in Chicago. New-crop wheat rose as much as 8 1/4
cents a bushel.

May corn rose 3/4 cent, to $2.52 a bushel; May oats rose 2 1/4 cents, to $1.42
1/4 a bushel; May soybeans climbed 4 1/2 cents, to $5.81 1/2 a bushel.

Talk circulated in the pits that Russia had asked the Agriculture Department to
hasten the release of $600 million in agricultural export loan guarantees, which
are scheduled to be distributed in four monthly installments beginning next
month.

Traders expect the Russians to use a large chunk of the credits to buy wheat,
said Don Roose, grains analyst with U.S. Commodities Inc. in Des Moines. That
has been the pattern with previous United States food aid.

Wheat futures also drew support from expectations that wet conditions in the
Great Plains and Midwest are fostering the spread of disease in the winter wheat
crop, said Gerald Zusel, a vice president with E.D.& F. Man International
Futures Inc. in Chicago.

"The wheat condition has not exactly been in the best of shape," he said.

The Agriculture Department reported Monday that 82 percent of the United States
winter wheat crop was in fair to good shape as of Sunday. Soft red winter wheat
in Indiana, Illinois and Missouri suffered severe frost damage last month.

Near-term wheat futures were also supported by reports of tight availability of
wheat for delivery against the May contract, which enters its delivery phase
next Thursday.

Soybean futures were increased by the Russian credit talk. Corn prices were
raised by a National Weather Service forecast for above-average rain in the
Midwest during the latter half of next week, which could cause further planting
delays, Mr. Roose said.

Crude oil ended unchanged on the New York Mercantile Exchange as OPEC oil
ministers gathered in Vienna for a meeting. The nations appeared likely to hold
oil production steady at the spring output ceiling of 22.98 million barrels a
day.

Light sweet crude oil was unchanged at $20.11 a barrel; May heating oil fell
0.37 cent, to 55.41 cents a gallon; May unleaded gasoline rose 0.05 cent, to
61.70 cents a gallon; May natural gas climbed 2.5 cents, to $1.596 for 1,000
cubic feet.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              43 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   August 19, 1987, Wednesday, Final Edition

U.S. Aid May Be Scant Relief to Md. Farmers

BYLINE: Robert Barnes, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE C3

LENGTH: 680 words

DATELINE: PRICE, Md., Aug.18, 1987


Hot, dry skies offered Maryland's drought-stricken farmers no relief today, and
federal agriculture officials were only slightly more promising.

While Assistant Secretary of Agriculture Wilmer D. Mizell told Eastern Shore
farmers it was likely the federal government would approve Gov. William Donald
Schaefer's request for disaster aid for 15 Maryland counties, state officials
questioned how much help that would provide.

Beginning this year, the federal government said that only farmers who had
federally subsidized crop insurance could become eligible for the low-interest
loans that are part of the federal disaster aid. State agriculture officials
said that as few as 570 of the state's 18,000 farmers had such insurance.

Mizell and other federal officials said it was not likely the government would
change those requirements, as some farmers had requested.

"The U.S. government and the USDA have said we're going to get out of the
disaster business," added James Richardson, the Maryland head of the
department's Agricultural, Stabilization and Conservation Service. The
government intends for the federally subsidized crop insurance program to cover
drought and other losses, he said.

Rep. Roy Dyson (D-Md.), whose 1st Congressional District covers much of the
state's agricultural land, invited federal officials to Queen Anne's County for
a firsthand look at the drought damage. As cameras recorded the scene, Mizell
and Dyson walked through cornfields that had turned the color of dried tobacco,
and were later shown soybeans that had failed to produce any seed pods.

"Welcome to the Eastern Shore, again," Dyson told Mizell, noting that Maryland
farmers for the second consecutive year are asking for federal disaster
assistance.

Although last year's drought was more severe, Dyson said this year could be
tougher for Maryland farmers politically.

Congress voted in 1986 to provide additional disaster aid, including direct
grants in some cases, Dyson said. But he added it would be much harder to get
such assistance this year. The cause was helped in 1986 because it was an
election year, Dyson said, and because 2,600 counties throughout the country
asked for aid. Only a few counties in about a half-dozen states are expected to
make requests this time.

It is a banner year for farmers in the Midwest, Dyson said, "and that's not
going to make it a good year for East Coast farmers" to receive special aid.

But that doesn't lessen the damage that has occurred here. In his letter asking
for assistance, Schaefer said that the record heat and lack of rainfall had cost
farmers in 15 counties more than $ 70 million in crops so far, about 18 percent
of the state's $ 400 million agriculture industry. Last year, the damage was
about $ 118 million.

This year's drought was much more spotty than last year's, state officials said,
and hardest hit were the Eastern Shore, Southern Maryland, and Anne Arundel and
Prince George's counties.

Pat Caulk, of the federal Farmers Home Administration, said his agency would be
recommending that the Agriculture Department grant Schaefer's request for
disaster aid, as well as extending the aid to three counties in Delaware.
Virginia officials have said it was likely that three counties in that state
would ask for aid.

But the requirement of crop insurance could mean that few farmers would receive
the low-interest loans the aid would make available. Paul Gunther, the
University of Maryland extension agency chief in Queen Anne's, said the
insurance plan was costly and it was difficult for farmers to enroll in it.

Maryland farmers trying to recover from last year's losses found that forgoing
the crop insurance was one way they could hold down their costs, Gunther said.

Mizell said that federal officials will work with the state, the farmers and
local banks to try to find other ways to help. "I know there's nothing more
disheartening to farmers than to plow and plant and then have nothing to
harvest," Mizell said, adding that his agency "is in the business of keeping
them on the farm."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, AT LEFT, WILMER MIZELL OF USDA AND REP. ROY DYSON, RIGHT,SURVEY
HAY FIELD WITH OWNER BILL KIMBLES, CENTER. AT RIGHT, DYSON, LEFT, AND MIZELL
CHECK CORN. LARRY MORRIS

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              44 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 2, 1986, Saturday, Final Edition

Farmers to Get $1 Billion in Relief;
Agriculture Dept. Plan to Hike Subsidy Advances Gets Mixed Reception

BYLINE: By Jonathan Karp, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A3

LENGTH: 549 words


Agriculture Secretary Richard E. Lyng said yesterday that his department will
provide drought-stricken farmers in the Southeast with up to $1 billion in crop
relief "because many of these farmers need payments now."

Producers of wheat, feed grains, cotton and rice will be offered advance
deficiency payments -- subsidies to bridge the gap between a target price and a
lower market price -- of 10 percent more than they could receive in 1986, he
said. Growers until now have received between 30 percent and 40 percent in
advance payments, Lyng said.

Lyng also said the Agriculture Department will pay 50 percent of grain costs for
livestock owners, who have suffered a 40 percent loss of feed crops.

The drought, considered the worst in more than a century, has ruined crops from
southern Pennsylvania to northern Florida. The Agriculture Department has
designated 189 counties in Alabama, Delaware, Maryland, North Carolina, South
Carolina and Virginia for emergency aid. Lyng said he expects more states or
parts of states to be designated in the next few days.

Agriculture Department officials said it will be difficult to calculate losses
until the fall harvest, but several states estimate losses of hundreds of
millions of dollars.

The Senate approved by voice vote yesterday a drought-relief bill which its
sponsors said would provide $300 million in aid. The House Agriculture Committee
approved a similar measure Wednesday.

Members of Congress gave a lukewarm response to the Agriculture Department plan.
Sen. Jim Sasser (D-Tenn.), the sponsor of the Senate drought relief bill, and
cosponsor Sen. Albert Gore Jr. (D-Tenn.) called it "too little, too late."

In a prepared statement, Rep. E (Kika) de la Garza (D-Tex.) said he wished the
administration had "gone further."

De la Garza noted the proposal did not include House provisions for feed grain
donations, hay transportation assistance, disaster payments for soybean and
peanut growers, a delay in assessment payments for dairy farmers and
cost-sharing conservation incentives to prevent erosion.

" . . .  I think it will be necessary to continue work on our legislation," he
said.

The Agriculture Department announced several emergency aid programs July 24,
including discounts on loans to purchase feed grains and permission to allow
grazing and crop-planting on land set aside for conservation.

The additional measures introduced yesterday will enable livestock owners to
split with the government the cost of feed purchased for more than 5 cents per
pound.

Grain will be shipped from the Midwest to the affected regions, where farmers
with cattle, sheep, horses, mules, swine, goats and poultry will be able to use
certificates from the federal Commodity Credit Corp. to save 50 percent on grain
costs.

State agriculture officials had a mixed response to the plan. "We are thrilled
with it," said Cecil Davis, Alabama's assistant commissioner of agriculture. "I
personally think they're doing all they can," he added. Davis said Alabama could
lose $90 million to $360 million in cotton and peanut crops.

In Georgia, however, Agriculture Commissioner Tommy Irvin said the plan "still
falls far short of what Georgia farmers need." The state agriculture office
projects losses of more than $500 million.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Agriculture Secretary Lyng: Advancing drought relief because
"farmers need payments now." BY ELLSWORTH J. DAVIS -- THE WASHINGTON POST

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              45 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 29, 1989, Friday, Late Edition - Final

FLORIDA GOVERNOR SEEKS DISASTER AID

BYLINE: By ALAN JUDD; New York Times Regional Newspapers

SECTION: Section A; Page 23, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 411 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE, Fla., Dec. 28


Gov. Bob Martinez sought Federal disaster aid today for Florida farmers whose
crops were damaged in the statewide freeze last weekend.

Mr. Martinez asked the Federal Agriculture Secretary, Clayton Yeutter, to
approve low-interest disaster-relief loans to Florida farmers, many of whom saw
crops wiped out as temperatures plunged.

Calling the freeze ''devastating'' to the state's agriculture interests, Mr.
Martinez said in a letter to Mr. Yeutter, ''Preliminary damage reports show that
the freezing temperatures caused extensive damage to the citrus, sugar cane and
vegetable producing regions, as well as heavy losses to ornamental crops,
nurseries and tropical fish breeders.''

Mr. Martinez, who did not give an estimate of total losses, also declared all 67
Florida counties to be disaster areas as a result of the freeze.

U.S. Survey of Losses

Federal agriculture officials will survey losses in each county before
determining whether Florida farmers qualify for disaster loans from the Farmers
Home Administration.

Mr. Martinez has not yet decided whether to ask President Bush to declare the
state a disaster area, said Jon Peck, the Governor's press secretary.

If the President takes that action, it would make low-interest loans available
to other Floridians who suffered losses, not just farmers, and would provide
emergency unemployment benefits to farm workers who were put out of work by the
freeze.

State officials need detailed, county-by-county damage reports before Mr.
Martinez could seek disaster aid from the President, Mr. Peck said, and the
Agriculture Department's survey will provide that information.

The two-day freeze severely damaged citrus and vegetable crops deep into South
Florida. Some citrus growers have estimated that they lost at least 40 percent
of their crops, and many vegetable crops were wiped out.

It will take agriculture officials three to four weeks to gather the information
Mr. Yeutter will use in deciding whether to grant disaster aid, said Wilbert
Campbell, director of the Farmers Home Administration's emergency designation
staff in Washington.

Disaster loans carry a 4.5 percent interest rate, and farmers may take as long
as 20 years to repay. Farmers could receive loans no greater than their actual
losses, as high as $500,000.

Today Mr. Martinez also extended an emergency order allowing trucks hauling
fruit and vegetables to processing plants to exceed weight limits on state
highways.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Gov. Bob Martinez (AP)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              46 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                           September 6, 2007 Thursday

Rochester Business Briefs: September 6, 2007

BYLINE: Danielle Derringer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 529  words


Mayor On Hand For Farm Aid Caravan Tour

Rochester Mayor Robert J. Duffy joined FoodLink Executive Director Tom Ferraro
and Hank Herrera from the NorthEast Sustainable Agriculture Working Group this
week to welcome the Farm Aid Caravan Tour at the Rochester Public Market,
according to a release from the city.

The Farm Aid Caravan Tour is crossing the state to showcase the latest
innovations on family farms. The caravan will culminate with a benefit concert,
"Farm Aide 2007: A Homegrown Festival," at Randall's Island in New York City on
Sept. 9.

Farm Aid's mission is to build a family-farm centered system of agriculture in
America. Farm Aid works with family farmers and encourages people to choose
family-farmed food.

Since 1985, Farm Aid has raised more than $30 million to support programs that
help farmers.

Local Woman To Be Honored At Gala

The Greater Rochester Area Chapter of the Cystic Fibrosis (CF) Foundation has
announced that Joanne Schum, CF adult and author will be the honored guest at
the 6th annual Roses of Hope Gala, according to a recent release.

"The honoree is chosen based on perseverance, being a pioneer and leaving a
lasting legacy. Joanne exemplifies all of these characteristics and we are
pleased to be honoring her," said Mary Jane Taylor, chapter founder.

The gala will be held October 20 and will include a live and silent auction.
Reservations can be made by calling, (585) 697-0777.

Trillium Group Announces Liquidity Event

Trillium Group announced last week that Spectracom Corp., a Rochester-based time
and frequency company, has merged with the French firm Orolia, marking a key
liquidity event of Trillium Group's Monroe Fund.

Terms of the deal were undisclosed, according to a recent release.

"The announcement marks another milestone for the Monroe Fund and its
investors," said Kevin Phelps, Trillium General partner and Spectracom chairman.
"It also demonstrates the value of resident private equity in Monroe County,
driving the growth of companies that become attractive acquisition candidates. "

With a 95 percent market share, Spectracom is the U.S. leader for
synchronization systems for 911 emergency call centers. Orolia is a provider of
precision systems for the defense of aerospace, space and navigation and
broadcasting industries.

Best Milk In New York State Named

Stewart's Shops, of Saratoga Springs, N.Y. recently was named 2007's "Best Milk"
by Cornell University's New York State Milk Quality Improvement Program.

Stewart's scored a perfect 100 over a year of testing - the third perfect score
in the program's history, a release from Cornell states.

Awards were announced last week at the Great New York State Fair in Syracuse,
N.Y. The remaining top 10 dairies in the state were: Upstate Farms, Buffalo;
Cornell University Dairy, Ithica; Crowley Foods, Inc., Binghamton; Byrne Dairy,
Syracuse; Hillcrest Dairy, Moravia, Midland Farms Dairy, Menands; Mountainside
Dairy, Roxbury and Upstate Farms Cooperative of Rochester.

Judging criteria included butterfat content and post-pasteurization bacteria
counts within the milk's sell-by date. The most critical attributes tested were
product flavor and stability during shelf life.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             August 7, 2006 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

GREEN CAN AID FARMERS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 397 words


Supporters of Mark Green argue for handing him the governorship on the grounds
that the Republican congressman from Green Bay would be better positioned than
Democratic incumbent Jim Doyle to get his calls returned by the Bush White House
and, by extension, to get a better share of federal attention and resources for
Wisconsin.

Fair enough. Here's a test for Green: Twenty northern Wisconsin counties are
experiencing severe drought conditions, while others are suffering moderate
drought. Crops are dying in the fields and livestock producers are feeding
animals from reserves that had been put aside for the winter.

U.S. Rep. David Obey, D-Wausau, has asked U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike
Johanns to work with Gov. Jim Doyle and the state Department of Agriculture to
aid Wisconsin's drought-stricken farmers.

"I am encouraging Secretary Johanns to act as quickly as possible on the
governor's request for a federal disaster declaration," Obey said. "Wisconsin's
farmers are suffering and it's important that we act fast to get them what help
we can before it's too late."

With forecasters anticipating a steady worsening of conditions for farmers, the
urgency of Obey's call can't be underestimated.

The federal government has the networks and the resources to get aid to farmers
when and where they need it.

Quick intervention by the feds will make all the difference.

Obey wants the USDA to develop an improved version of the Livestock Compensation
Program, which operated in 2002 and 2003 and compensated farmers for the cost of
replacing failed feed crops.

So where does Mark Green fit in?

Here's what the congressman can and should do: Join Obey and Doyle in calling
for the Bush administration and its Department of Agriculture to take the
drought seriously. And if the president does not act immediately, Green can make
it clear that he puts Wisconsin first by telling the White House that he will
not accept campaign aid from Bush as long as his administration neglects the
state's farmers.

With the president expected to make several visits to Wisconsin in coming weeks
-- with the first being a visit to the candidate's hometown of Green Bay on
Thursday -- such a pronouncement would be sure to get the attention of the White
House. If that attention leads to action, Green will have delivered more for
Wisconsin farmers with one gutsy act than with his eight years in Congress.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              48 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                     The News-Examiner (Montpelier, Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 14, 2009

Farm Aid swings and misses

BYLINE: FRANK PRIESTLEY, President, Idaho Farm Bureau(r)

LENGTH: 765  words


A group of musicians including Dave Matthews, Neil Young, Willie Nelson and John
Mellencamp got together in St. Louis, Missouri recently and held a benefit
concert to raise money for small farmers.

This 24th anniversary of the Farm Aid concert/fundraiser broadcast to millions
on Direct TV sounds like a noble cause, but on closer inspection if s more of a
charade than anything. Good music indeed and Farm Aid deserves credit for
shining a light on some of American agriculture's problems. However, we disagree
with the amount of misinformation they are spreading to consumers and we think
if s poor judgment for farmers to attack other farmers when times get tough.

We commend Farm Aid for showing the plight of small farmers everywhere. And they
do a fine job of showing examples of small farmers using creative niche
marketing strategies.

But Farm Aid's public relations machine doesn't have a good grasp on the real
problems agriculture faces. For instance, they vilify corporate farms without
taking the time to understand that 98 percent of American farms are owned by
families. If s true that many of those farms are incorporated for tax purposes,
but are nonetheless still family owned.

In addition, Farm Aid attacks large farms and modern production methods much the
same as PETA and other animal rights groups. They argue America's remaining
small farms soon will be swallowed up and before consumers know it they won't
have a choice except to buy processed foods from giant agribusiness
corporations. These assertions are not even remotely accurate.

First, we all need a clear understanding of the fact that there are 300 million
Americans who need food every day. That food is currently produced by less than
2 percent of our population. If we were to take away large farms and modern
production methods, most of us would have to go back to living and working on
farms, much like our society was in the 1930's. Even if we had the land, water
and other resources available, how many Americans would quit their jobs, give up
their pensions and health insurance coverage, move to the country and assume the
risk and hardship that comes with running a farm?

Consumers today have more choices and more opportunities to buy fresh, local
food than they have in more than 20 years. The popularity of farmers markets and
community supported agriculture (CSA) ventures are off the charts. Plenty of
farmers across this nation are offeringthis nation are offering farm fresh eggs,
vegetables, meat and dairy products and consumers who want to know their farmer
are reaching out. The opportunity to buy farm fresh meat and produce has never
been greater.

Farm Aid also has its own unique interpretation of why the dairy industry is in
financial duress. It's not overproduction, they say, but big dairies, supported
by the government and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange are the real villains that
have driven milk prices to well below the cost of production. If Farm Aid were
to ask an agriculture economist or a dairy market analyst, they would soon
understand that the dairy industry is suffering from overproduction and lagging
demand, but at the same time dairy producers are taking steps to correct the
problem. Small dairies that sell milk to large corporate processing companies
are in direct competition with big dairies that can produce milk for less
because of economies of scale.

However much Farm Aid would like big dairies and other confined animal feeding
operations (CAFOs) to disappear, the reality is there are 300 million Americans
to feed. That simple fact dictates the need for large-scale, modern agriculture
methods. But there are lots of examples of small dairies and other small farms
producing value-added products and marketing them locally. Reed's Dairy in Idaho
Falls and Ballard Dairy in Gooding are excellent examples of dairy niche
marketing. They milk small herds by today's standards, rely on the quality and
freshness of their milk, and produce a wide variety of cheeses, ice cream, and
other dairy products. Many small dairies also provide delivery service as an
added convenience to their customers.

Farm Aid also misses the mark on agriculture trade, genetic modification of
crops, country of origin labeling and many other points we don't have space to
address here.

Farm Aid has the potential to do some good for American agriculture by helping
to educate the public about how food is produced, where it comes from and the
hardworking families who make their living on the land. But in our opinion, they
won't get there by placing blame at someone else's doorstep.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NEX

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2009 The News-Examiner


                              49 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           September 9, 2003 Tuesday

Farm aid down in Illinois last year  ;
 Higher crop prices cut payments more than two-thirds

BYLINE: DORI MEINERT COPLEY NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 720 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Illinois farmers received dramatically less in federal agricultural subsidies in
2002 than the previous year, largely because higher crop prices made less
federal aid necessary, according to data released Monday.

Federal farm aid coming into the state dropped to $615 million last year from
$1.9 billion in 2001, causing Illinois to fall to sixth in the national ranking
behind Texas, Iowa, Georgia, Arkansas and California, according to a database
created by the Environmental Working Group. The dip in funding to Illinois was
expected with higher crop prices last year, state farm group officials said.

"That's how the farm bill is designed to work - to provide income support when
income is down and to not provide that kind of support when the market is
providing it," said Rodney Weinzierl, executive director of the Illinois Corn
Growers Association.

Within Illinois, the counties that drew the most federal dollars last year
included: Iroquois, $16.7 million; LaSalle, $16.3 million; McLean, $15.5
million; Henry, $15.3 million; and Champaign, $14.9 million.

The top 2002 recipients in the state included: Pat Scates & Sons of Shawneetown,
which received $394,558; Rubenacker Farms of Dahlgren, $233,456; and the
University of Illinois at Urbana, $223,319. The university owns land that it
rents to farmers.

The figures come from the latest update by the same Washington-based
organization that caused an uproar among farmers in 2001 by releasing top
recipients in each state while Congress was debating the current farm law. The
Environmental Working Group obtained that data from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture after filing a Freedom of Information request.

Despite the one-year drop in federal aid to many Midwestern states, the latest
figures show a majority of federal funding is going to a few big farms at the
expense of smaller family farms, said the group's president, Ken Cook.

Nationally, from 1995 to 2002, the top 10 percent of the recipients collected 71
percent of the federal agriculture aid. The top 10 percent in Illinois received
62 percent over the same period. In 2002, the top 10 percent nationally
collected 65 percent of total subsidies compared to 62 percent in Illinois.

Cook's group has pushed to lower the caps on federal farm payments and to steer
more money into conservation programs, which it contends are a fairer way of
distributing the money with greater environmental impact.

"The conservation program broadens the participation. Taxpayers feel like
they're getting a good deal ... but we need to put money into it," Cook said.

The farm legislation signed into law by President Bush last year called for an
increase in conservation spending.

With money tight, Cook said he fears "there will be a temptation to cut
conservation funds in favor of commodity payments, and we'll fight that."

Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, is planning another attempt to reduce the
per-farm cap on farm aid payments.

Farm groups, including those in Illinois, oppose such caps.

Government-funding trends follow trends in production and acreage, Weinzierl
said.

"As farms get larger, it doesn't mean the programs cause the farms to get
larger. You're going to get a higher concentration of payments among a smaller
group of farmers," he said.

Illinois Farm Bureau spokesman Dennis Vercler said the 2002 figures for Illinois
were predicted by farm groups.

"When Congress passed the new farm bill, the headlines said the farm program
costs would soar as much as 70 percent under this new law. Well, that didn't
happen, and we didn't think it would happen because there had been a strong
demand for commodities and we didn't think the prices would remain so low for
the 2002 crop year," Vercler said.

"Overall, farmers prefer to get their income from cash sales rather than
government payments."

In Illinois, the most significant drop came in commodity subsidies, which fell
from $1.7 billion in 2001 to $477.8 million in 2001. Disaster funds to the state
also decreased from $12 million in 2001 to $10 million in 2002.

But the state pulled in a slightly higher amount in agriculture conservation
funding, increasing from $110.4 million in 2001 to $127.2 million in 2002,
according to the group's database.

The farm subsidy data is available on the Environmental Working Group's Web
site, www.ewg.org.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: WIRE. CNS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 12, 2002, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Ebbers linked to over $4M in farm subsidies

BYLINE: Andrew Backover

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 667 words

Former WorldCom CEO Bernie Ebbers, under increasing fire for the $ 408 million
in personal loans he got from the company, also harvested millions in farm
subsidies from U.S. taxpayers.

Three farms owned in part by Ebbers or linked to him got more than $ 4 million
in U.S. Department of Agriculture aid from at least 1998 through 2001, say USDA
records obtained by the Environmental Working Group (EWG).

Recipients, on average, got about $ 36,000 from 1996 through 2001, the
non-profit says.

The subsidies aren't illegal. They are guaranteed for certain crops, or are
spurred by price crashes or disasters -- no matter the wealth of the farm
owners. Media mogul Ted Turner, basketball star Scottie Pippen, Charles Schwab
and former Enron chief Kenneth Lay have received them.


"It's not illegal. It's outrageous," says EWG President Ken Cook.

Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., has pushed for limitations on payments to wealthy
individuals and large farms, but most of his efforts fell short this year.

Ebbers could not be reached. His attorney didn't respond to a request for
comment.

Although Ebbers was No. 174 on Forbes' list of the 400 richest Americans in
1999, his fortune has cratered. His WorldCom shares, valued at about $ 286
million in December, are nearly worthless now that WorldCom has filed for
Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.

What's more, WorldCom is in the process of seizing some of his assets, many of
which were pledged as collateral for the loans. His farms include:

 * Angelina Plantation. The 21,000-acre property in Monterey, La., got about $
3.9 million in aid since 1998. Ebbers and his brother, John Ebbers, have owned
it since early 1998, according to Farm Service Agency records. It produces
wheat, rice, oats, corn, sorghum, cotton and soybeans.

In 2001, Angelina Plantation got almost $ 1.4 million in aid. That ranked No. 24
out of nearly 1.9 million recipients. USDA records show the farm has nearly 20
"other producers" on it, but it is unclear how much of a cut they get from
subsidies. Calls to Angelina Plantation were not returned.

 * Pine Ridge Farm. This Mississippi farm got nearly $ 220,000 in aid since
1996. Ebbers is shown as an official of the farm in a 1997 state filing. The
USDA aid was sent to the Brookhaven, Miss., address of Ebbers' brother, John,
who has a farming background.

Pine Ridge received funds for wheat, sorghum, cotton, corn and livestock. Calls
to Pine Ridge Farm were not returned.

 * Joshua Timber. It got $ 38,670 from 1996 through 2001, mostly in conservation
funds. It's unclear if Ebbers was the owner for all of those years.

Joshua Timber filed its articles of incorporation with the Mississippi Secretary
of State in 1996. Its Mississippi post office box -- on file with the USDA --
has been used in state filings by Bernie Ebbers and Joshua Holdings, which is
helping to secure his WorldCom loans.

Joshua Holdings is the parent of Joshua Timberlands, which paid $ 400 million in
1999 for 460,000 acres in Alabama, Tennessee and Mississippi. Joshua Timberlands
is cited in a shareholder lawsuit against Ebbers and others. Joshua Timber could
not be reached.

In July, WorldCom filed the biggest-ever bankruptcy case after disclosing
accounting misdeeds that have grown to $ 9 billion.

Ebbers faces scrutiny because he was CEO when the alleged fraud occurred and
because of questions about his loans.

A recent bankruptcy court report questioned whether all of the loans were
properly approved by the WorldCom board. Also, there are questions about how all
of the money was used.

The compensation committee that approved Ebbers' loans, at the time, said they
were in the best interests of shareholders. The premise for that was the concern
that, if Ebbers sold shares to cover other debts, the price of WorldCom's stock
would fall.

But more than $ 27 million was used by Ebbers for other personal reasons, the
report alleges.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, USA TODAY (MAP)

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              51 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             February 15, 1997, Saturday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Farmers eligible for freeze aid

SECTION: CITY & STATE; AROUND THE STATE; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 349 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE; BARTOW; ORLANDO



Florida farmers hurt by the mid-January freeze are now eligible for emergency
low-interest loans, thanks to a federal declaration of a disaster area in 16
counties.

The Jan. 18 and 19 freeze damaged an estimated $ 300-million in crops,  mainly
winter vegetables. The declaration by federal Agriculture Secretary Dan
Glickman lets farmers in 16 disaster counties and 12 "contiguous disaster
counties" apply for the emergency loans.

The counties declared disaster areas are Broward, Charlotte, Collier, Dade,  De
Soto, Glades, Hardy, Hendry, Highlands, Hillsborough, Lee, Manatee,  Okeechobee,
Orange, Palm Beach and Sarasota. The contiguous counties are  Brevard, Indian
River, Lake, Martin, Monroe, Osceola, Pasco, Pinellas, Polk,  St. Lucie,
Seminole and Volusia.  Jury recommends life

for ex-Zephyrhills man

    BARTOW - A jury recommended Friday that a former Zephyrhills man be
sentenced to life in prison for the 1993 murder of a Polk County man.

Jurors decided against recommending that Albert Leon Fletcher die in the
electric chair. His attorneys insisted that he did not fire the shot that
killed a Highland City man during a robbery attempt.

Subsequently, Fletcher escaped in 1995 while being transported to Pasco  County
to stand trial on armed burglary and grand theft charges. He spent more  than a
year on the lam.

Circuit Judge Dennis Maloney must consider the jury's recommendation when  he
sentences Fletcher, 26. Maloney said he will announce his decision  Wednesday.

Son is found guilty

of trying to bomb dad

   ORLANDO - A man was found guilty of trying to kill his millionaire father
with a pipe bomb he mailed from New York to Florida, authorities said Friday.

A jury returned the verdict against Douglas Dwight Lambert, 32, of  Calverton,
N.Y., after an eight day trial. Prosecutors said Lambert mailed the  bomb in
May, but the package was intercepted before it exploded.

- Information from the Associated Press, Times files and the Lakeland Ledger
was used in this report.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              52 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     June 5, 1993, Saturday, WEEKLY EDITION

Russia, U.S. seal US$700M aid deal

BYLINE: Reuter

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 226 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. and Russian officials Friday clinched a US$700- million package of
concessional agricultural credits and donations for Moscow, a deal Russian
officials several times threatened to reject.

The package, announced by President Bill Clinton at his April summit with
Russian President Boris Yeltsin, was nearly derailed several times by
disagreements over terms of shipping the food and by U.S. maritime industry
complaints that vessels were being held up and charged unexpected fees at
Russian ports.

''Russia has agreed to take steps to facilitate the rapid unloading of
commodities in Russian ports,'' Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy said in a
ceremony with Russian Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Zaveryukha to sign some
documents to the agreement.

Remaining parts of the agreement, a complex hybrid of the Agriculture
Department's commercial and aid programs, are to be signed next week by Russian
Prime Minister Viktor Chemomyrdin. Russia will get corn, soybean meal, wheat and
other products.

Russian officials earlier complained about the U.S. law that 75% of the
commodities shipped under such an aid package must go on U.S. flag carriers,
which generally have much higher rates than foreign carriers.

Russia and the U.S. finally agreed that the U.S. would pay the difference
between the U.S. and world freight rates.


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1993 Financial Post Ltd.


                              53 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           September 23, 2012 Sunday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Celebrating the family farm;
30,000 showed up in Hershey for the annual concert to help struggling farmers.

BYLINE: By Amy Worden; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 969 words


HERSHEY, Pa. - If you thought Farm Aid went the way of the Sony Walkman or the
Grateful Dead, you weren't in Chocolate Town USA on Saturday, when 30,000 people
turned HersheyPark Stadium into an organic oasis celebrating the family farm and
the healthy food movement - not to mention homegrown American music.

Now in its 27th year, the all-star benefit concert, started by country-music
legend Willie Nelson to help farmers survive the mid-1980s foreclosure crisis,
is still going strong.

No longer a one-day event, Farm Aid has evolved into a national organization
promoting the interests of family farmers.

The event returned to Pennsylvania, where agriculture remains the number-one
industry, for only the second time in its run.

In 2002, Farm Aid was held in Burgettstown, west of Pittsburgh. This time the
location was just a few miles from Lancaster County, which is about to make
national history when it hits the milestone of 100,000 acres of preserved
farmland. Lancaster boasts soil so rich it's known as the breadbasket of the
East.

The first-ever Farm Aid concert drew 54 bands and 78,000 to Champaign, Ill.;
Farm Aid is smaller now, with just under a dozen artists drawing 30,000.

Still, Farm Aid has brought in $40 million to benefit farmers and build
relationships between consumers and those who produce their food.

"It's a good event that hopefully will open people's eyes to the fact farmers
keep the country moving and they need help," said Teri Michelson of Linglestown.
She paused to talk during a tour of Homegrown Village, an area featuring booths
showcasing sustainable agriculture methods and environmental advocacy groups.

The healthy food movement has indeed grown (Pennsylvania has 600 certified
organic farms, the sixth highest in the nation), spawning a record number of
farm markets and encouraging industrywide shifts to organic farming methods. But
the problems facing small farmers - such as fluctuating milk prices, tighter
regulations, and access to distribution networks - are no less acute, organizers
say.

Every year a gamble "There is still danger for farmers," said Farm Aid
spokeswoman Jennifer Fahy, pointing to the drought that ravaged crops in
two-thirds of the United States this year. "They are gamblers every time they
put seed in ground."

The musicians - the lineup included the 79-year-old Nelson, Dave Matthews, Kenny
Chesney, Neil Young, John Mellencamp, and Jack Johnson - used the spotlight to
target agribusiness interests. They said corporate farming wields too much power
in Congress, where members last week failed to pass a comprehensive Farm Bill
before leaving town.

Before the festival opened, Nelson told hundreds of fans and reporters he was
"sorry to have to be here."

"This problem should have been solved years ago," he said.

Despite the problems, according to a 2007 survey, the number of farmers grew for
the first time in decades, attracting a more diverse cross section, many working
farms of just a few acres, Fahy said.

Farm Heads The atmosphere in the patchouli-scented Homegrown Village had an odd
time-warp quality: young people wearing T-shirts paying homage to past rock
stars like Janis Joplin, who died before they were born, mixing with the
in-your-face activism of the anti-gas drilling "fracktivists" - a term that
wasn't even in the lexicon when Farm Aid started.

Fahy said some people she called "Farm Heads" come every year, from all 50
states.

There was a booth dedicated to the "anti-sludge" cause - those who oppose
spreading municipal waste on farmland - and other booths where folks could learn
about genetically modified organisms (GMOs), rotational grazing, and biogas
energy.

Even the concession cups and plates were compostable. Those who put their eating
utensils in the wrong bin were swiftly corrected.

Bryan Snyder, executive director of the Pennsylvania Association for Sustainable
Agriculture, said the state has a strong farming tradition among the booming
Amish and Mennonite populations, which has helped give the next generation of
farmers an opportunity to work the land.

"We're ahead because we are behind," he said. "We still have the infrastructure.
You can drive 20 minutes from here and see what America used to look like."

Exhibitor Deb Brubaker, 30, of Mifflintown, is still working her family farm
northwest of Harrisburg, as her Mennonite ancestors did.

She and her family run Village Acres Farm, which supplies organic fruit and
vegetables to farm markets in Washington and to residents of the State College
area, who buy their farm products through a subscription.

Brubaker, who was demonstrating a bicycle-powered grain mill her father put
together for the festival, said she was pleased that such an event shines a
spotlight on a challenging way of life.

"It's great to see the general public and the entertainment community interested
in the plight of farmers," she said. "We'd like to see more of a market for
certified organic food in rural areas. We provide our food to people in D.C. and
Baltimore but much less so where we live."

Many exhibitors were concerned about the fate of the nearly $1 trillion federal
farm bill, set to expire next Sunday.

The lack of action on the bill won't affect the largest programs such as crop
subsidies and food stamps, they said, but could harm programs that most benefit
small farmers, such as conservation and initiatives to help beginning farmers
get started.

Neil Young, wearing a "Go Family Farms" T-shirt, pledged to continue to be a
voice for small farmers.

"We're up against something really big," Young said. "Some say we're not going
anywhere, and we're not going anywhere. We're going to stay right here; someone
has to stand up for small farmers."

Contact Amy Worden

at 717-783-2584 or aworden@phillynews.com or follow @inkyamy on Twitter.


LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            December 2, 2001 Sunday

FARM ILLINOIS

SECTION: MARKETPLACE; Pg. 53

LENGTH: 475 words


* From the field

Sharon Covert of Tiskilwa, member of the Illinois Soybean Checkoff Board, who
recently traveled to Botswana to set up a new initiative to deliver soy protein
to those with HIV/AIDS: "The soy checkoff board believes investing in this will
help develop new markets. We traveled to Africa to create partnership with soy
industry groups and the Botswana government to promote the development of a soy
foods manufacturing industry. While there, we did visit the new national food
and technology research center that has just been built. We hope to work with
the center for soy foods manufacturing.

"We want to create new local foods that are fortified with soy protein. Illinois
farmers want soy to be recognized as an excellent source of protein. We're also
working with Botswana officials to conduct feeding trials with those affected
with HIV/AIDS, and we're adopting an orphanage for feeding soy protein.

"While we know the food industry uses 70 percent of the soybeans grown, this new
use for the undernourished of the world would not be competing with that. The
population we're serving has little or no access to protein. The U.S. Department
of Agriculture says that 40 percent of current ag exports go to countries that
formerly received food aid assistance. Our program is designed to improve the
diet and nutrition in Botswana and at the same time make a commercial venture
out of adding more protein to their diets."

* Farming the Web

The state Agriculture Department's Web site (www.agr.

state.il.us/) has undergone a major overhaul and the result is a site with lots
of useful information. It offers an update on Ty-Walk facilities, information on
the next Illinois Products Expo, a program to cap unused wells and a new
quarantine for Asian longhorned beetles. Ag events are listed as well as soil
temperature maps.

* Coming up

* Illinois Farm Bureau members may get a close look at what form the next
federal farm bill will take when they attend their 87th annual meeting in St.
Louis today through Wednesday. U.S. Rep. Larry Combest, a Texas Republican and
chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, will speak at the annual meeting
along with Jack Block, former U.S. agriculture secretary; Adam's Mark Hotel, St.
Louis.

* Illinois Fish Farmers Co-op grand opening of the Fish Processing Center, 11
a.m. Tuesday, Pinckneyville. Info: (618) 357-FISH.

* Illinois Swine Health & Management Conference, 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.
Wednesday, Extension Building, Illinois State Fairgrounds. Info: Larry Firkins,
244-8056.

* ABCs of Horse Nutrition, 7 p.m. Dec. 10, Greene County Extension Building,
Carrollton. Speaker is Kristen Janicki, visiting Extension Equine Educator.
Info: 942-6996.

* Cow-calf feeding workshop, 7 p.m. Dec. 11, Greene County Extension Building,
Carrollton. Info: 942-6996.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: FARMLAND WATCH SEPARATE DUE TO NFDW

TYPE: COLUMN. LOCAL

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register


                              55 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                 February 8, 2005 Tuesday Penn/Elkhart Edition

More eligible for food stamps;
 Local storm, flooding victims now may qualify

BYLINE: Tribune Staff Report

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 191 words


Residents of local Indiana counties may qualify for food stamps if they suffered
losses because of the recent floods or winter storms.

Their home may have been damaged or lost. Or they may have lost food, money or
income. Or they may simply need food.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture is allowing the disaster aid to 24 extra
counties.

These include Elkhart, Marshall and St. Joseph counties.

Others are Adams, Allen, Dearborn, DeKalb, Fayette, Franklin, Fulton, Jasper,
Kosciusko, Lake, LaPorte, Newton, Noble, Porter, Pulaski, Ripley, Rush, Starke,
Union, Wayne and Whitley counties.

Residents who already receive food stamps have until Thursday to ask for
replacement food stamps and until Feb. 15 to seek the disaster aid.

Those who don't currently receive food stamps may apply for the disaster aid
until Feb. 15.

To apply, go to the county Office of Family and Children, which is part of the
state Family and Social Services Administration. Applicants should bring a
driver's license or other picture identification, Social Security numbers for
everyone in the household and a document that verifies the home address.


LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Finding disaster aid To find your county's Office of Family and
Children -- where victims of the recent storms and flooding may apply for food
stamps -- call (800) 622-4932 or go to the Web site www.IN.gov/fssa.  Those with
homes damaged by the recent storms and flooding also may qualify for aid from
the Federal Emergency Management Agency. For more information, call (800)
621-FEMA or go to the Web site www.fema.gov.

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              56 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           October 10, 1989, Tuesday

US LOADS FIRST SHIP WITH FOOD FOR POLAND

BYLINE: Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: MARITIME, Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 297 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS


A U.S.-flag ship was to arrive in New Orleans at the weekend to be loaded with
the first shipment of U.S. food aid to Poland.

Maritime union officials, local shipping executives and elected officials
planned to attend a ceremony Saturday in the Riverwalk area of the city.
However, a battle could develop in Congress this week about how large a
roportion of future aid shipments must travel on U.S.-flag vessels.

The Spirit of Texas, operated by New York-based Falcon Shipping, will transport
11,500 metric tons of sorghum to Gdansk as part of the U.S. aid program to
Poland announced by President Bush earlier this year.

Falcon Shipping and two seagoing labor unions were to host the celebration. The
unions, which will supply licensed and unlicensed crewmembers for the voyage,
are District 2 - Marine Engineers Beneficial Association and the Seafarers
International Union.

Last week, Polish officials asked the U.S. Department of Agriculture to seek a
waiver of the current requirement that U.S.-flag vessels carry 75 percent of
food aid shipments. However, a USDA official later told a House Foreign Affairs
subcommittee that the cargo preference waiver would not be sought. Christopher
Goldthwait, Foreign Agriculture Service assistant sales manager, told the panel:
"The administration is not seeking any change in maritime law."

In the next week or so, legislation will move through Congress to provide broad
economic aid and additional food shipments to Poland. Members are expected to
introduce amendments that would waive cargo preference so that more of the U.S.
funds could go for food instead of transportation costs.

Rep. Doug Bereuter, R-Neb., said about 40 percent of food aid to Poland is being
"eaten up" by higher U.S.-flag shipping costs.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              57 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Moscow Times

                                 July 24, 1999

Premier to Push Food Aid on U.S. Visit

SECTION: No. 1757

LENGTH: 480 words


By Yevgenia Borisova Staff Writer Prime Minister Sergei Stepashin is headed for
Washington with plans to discuss new U.S. food aid and loans for tractors, while
his counterpart Vice President Al Gore wants to talk about further reductions in
nuclear weapons.

Stepashin is making his way to a Monday meeting with Gore and then with
President Bill Clinton via the Urals, Vladivostok, Seattle and then Washington -
in what Russian media are billing as his world tour.

It will be his first meeting with top U.S. officials, and the highest level
U.S.-Russian meeting since the NATO war in Yugoslavia soured relations between
Moscow and Washington.

Gore's foreign policy assistant, Leon Fuerth, was quoted by The Associated Press
as saying the one-day visit was unlikely to produce major agreements.

"We have to get warmed up with a brand-new government," he said.

Stepashin will meet Clinton on Tuesday after sessions with Gore on trade,
science, space and other topics that are the business of their joint commission.

The Americans will be putting new arms reductions on the agenda. But Interfax,
quoting a source in the Agriculture Ministry, said food aid shipments into 2000
would be on the Russian list.

The Americans confirmed that food aid is being considered. Carlos Pascual, who
heads the Russia desk at the National Security Council, said a U.S. delegation
would go to Russia later in the summer to evaluate the harvest and any needs for
food aid, AP reported Friday.

Reuters, however, quoted a U.S. Agriculture Department official as saying no
meetings have been scheduled to discuss additional food aid.

Interfax also reported that Stepashin would seek U.S. Export-Import Bank
guarantees for a $ 1 billion loan to buy Case and John Deere agriculture
machinery, and another $ 1 billion to finance the sales of engines and aviation
equipment by United Technologies Corp., Pratt & Whitney and other U.S.

suppliers to aircraft maker Ilyushin.

John Deere is poised to create its own assembly line on the basis of the
insolvent Rostselmash in Rostov to manufacture from 3,000 to 5,000 combines a
year. A decision on both the loan and the plant were expected in the spring but
have not yet officially come.

"The Russian agricultural sector needs more than 100,000 tractors and more than
100,000 combines, so whatever our critics are saying about getting foreign
equipment instead of Russian, there is enough room for all manufacturers," said
Andrei Cherepanov, an SBS-Agro spokesman.

was quoted by AP as saying Friday that Aigun Magomedov, deputy director of the
Agroprom center which leases farm equipment, said that Russia needs about
280,000 combines now.

The State Statistics Committee said that less than 100 combines are manufactured
each month in Russia. A decade ago, more than 82,000 combines were made every
year.


LOAD-DATE: July 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                        Copyright 1999 Independent Press


                              58 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 17, 2011 Saturday

More aid available for crop losses

BYLINE: Nancy Glasscock, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 316 words


Dec. 17--Farmers in Morgan and Lawrence counties with crops damaged in April are
eligible for low-interest emergency loans, the U.S. Department of Agriculture
said.

Secretary of Agriculture Thomas Vilsack said Morgan, Lawrence, Blount, Madison,
Marion and Monroe counties were declared disaster areas because of crop losses
caused by excessive rain, flooding, flash flooding, hail, high winds and
tornadoes occurring throughout April.

USDA spokeswoman Vickie Lane said the declaration will "give producers in those
counties an opportunity to file for aid for their crops, if they had losses."

Statewide, 26 counties are eligible for agricultural assistance.

The six counties were declared natural disaster areas because they sustained 30
percent or greater crop loss, according to the declaration.

Farmers can contact USDA service centers for more information on eligibility
requirements and application procedures.

Sam Spruell, who grows grain, cotton and peanuts on about 5,000 acres in Mount
Hope and outside Lawrence County, said he didn't plan on applying for assistance
because of the red tape he encountered in seeking assistance in the past.

He had about $1 million in damages to buildings, machinery and wheat that was
nearly ready for harvest when the April tornadoes struck.

He said he's spent about $100 an acre on cleanup.

"There wasn't any coverage for that," he said. "We had a lot of cleanup to do,
and there wasn't any help from FEMA there. They came by and took the
information, and we tried to follow up but found out right quick that was a
wasted effort."

Spruell said he was pleased with his insurance company, Alfa, which covered 85
percent of his losses.

But creeks remain clogged with downed trees that pose a flooding threat, he
said.

___ (c)2011 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111217-DD-More-aid-available-for-crop-losses-1217-20111217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2011 The Decatur Daily


                              59 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 13, 1996, Sunday, Final Edition

Willie Nelson Gets Farm Aid '96 Underway; Agriculture Secretary Says Exports
Will Set Record This Year

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A07

LENGTH: 297 words

DATELINE: COLUMBIA, S.C., Oct. 12


Country and western singer and songwriter Willie Nelson today opened Farm Aid
'96, the ninth benefit concert designed to raise funds and public awareness of
the problems facing U.S. farmers and their families.

Since the first concert was held in 1985, Farm Aid has granted nearly $ 13
million in assistance to more than 100 farm organizations, churches and service
agencies in 44 states.

Before the concert, which attracted 45,000, Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman
told a town meeting that while farmers still face problems, U.S. agricultural
exports will top the $ 60 billion mark this year. He said that is a record.

One of every three acres of production in the United States went to crops headed
for export, he said, adding that it was essential for small and medium-size
farmers to share in the growing export market.

In the last two years, farm assets increased faster than farm debt, and low
interest rates, low unemployment and low inflation rates were benefiting
farmers, Glickman said.

"While I don't like the structure problems of agriculture, when you've got more
and more larger producers, the fact is this year we will see net farming income
of $ 51.5 million," he said. "It's never been higher."

Farmers from across the nation at the town meeting expressed concern about the
growing concentration of large industrial-sized farms, which they said were
forcing small family farmers out of business.

Missouri farmer Rhonda Perry called on Glickman to block funding of a $ 25
million dollar swine research center in Iowa. "We don't want taxpayer-funded
research that subsidizes factory hog farms," she said.

Nelson, John Mellencamp, Neil Young, and Hootie and the Blowfish topped the bill
for the 12-hour concert at Williams-Brice Stadium.


LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, ap/lou krasky, Willie Nelson, joined on stage by Dennis Alley
Wisdom Indian Dancers, responds to Farm Aid crowd in Columbia, S.C.

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              60 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             July 23, 1994 Saturday

LENGTH: 174 words


Farm Aid comes to North Dakota Friday at the invitation of the North Dakota
State Fair in Minot. Farm Aid president and entertainer Willie Nelson will hold
a press conference before his grandstand performance with representatives from
farm and rural organizations around the state. The event is one of a series of
activities Farm Aid plans this summer to focus on the role family farmers play
in supporting the economy, food and environment. Commissioner of Agriculture
Sarah Vogel plans to attend along with representatives from the North Dakota
Farmers Union, Dakota Resource Council, North Dakota Conference of Churches and
Northern Plains Sustainable Agriculture Society. July 29 will be ""Farm Aid
Day'' at the fair. Farm Aid plans an exhibit in the All Seasons Arena that day
and will have information, giveaway items and sale merchandise available. Since
1985, Farm Aid has distributed $11.5 million to more than 100 farm
organizations, churches, hotlines and service agencies in 44 states. More than
$150,000 was distributed in North Dakota

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1994 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                       August 4, 2002 Sunday MO1 EDITION

Congress leaves farm aid package for September;
LAWMAKERS STALLED IN DECIDING AMOUNT

BYLINE: Alan Bjerga Knight Ridder

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 349 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Senate Agriculture Committee didn't agree on a farm-aid bill after
discussions last week, leaving the business unfinished as the panel prepares to
take August off.

That means that a $2.9 billion aid package proposed by Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan.,
will remain one of several possible disaster-relief bills floating around
Washington this month while lawmakers work in their home areas. Though committee
members all agreed aid is necessary, they differ on what aid is best for farmers
and how much aid can make it through a Congress still skeptical about the size
of the $180 billion, 10-year farm bill passed in the spring.

"We should not vary from the practice of providing emergency assistance when
natural forces beyond the control of producers wreak havoc on farmers' and
ranchers' incomes," said Agriculture Committee chair Tom Harkin, D-Iowa.

Spreading drought is destroying crops across the central United States, and some
areas of the Great Plains are experiencing conditions not seen since the Dust
Bowl. Kansas' winter wheat crop is expected to lose $270 million this year.

In response, farm-state lawmakers are proposing disaster-aid packages that could
cost from $2 billion to $7 billion.

The aid would come in addition to the current farm bill, a bill widely derided
as pork-barrel spending on ineffective programs. But that bill is looking
slightly less expensive now. That's because drought pushes crop prices higher
and eases subsidy payments.

One bill introduced by Rep. Jerry Moran, R-Kan., and two other House members
exploits this by reimbursing farmers and ranchers for crop losses with money
taken from farm-bill savings.

But politically, swapping crop savings for disaster payments won't be so simple.
The farm bill's price tag raised eyebrows among lawmakers concerned about its
$80 billion jump in farm supports from the last farm bill.

Roberts' bill doesn't link aid to the current farm bill's cost. It does require
farmers to buy crop insurance, which allows farmers to hedge against disasters,
before they get any aid.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      March 1, 1999, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Staggered delivery aims to check where food goes

BYLINE: Barbara Slavin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 355 words


When the aid agreement with Russia was reached before Christmas,
U.S. officials hoped that shipments would be on the high seas
in January. But the first installment -- 1,000 tons of pea seed
-- is arriving March 10 and the remainder of the promised 3.15
million tons of grain, meat and other commodities is to be dribbled
out in 60 to 70 shipments through June.

The main reason for the delay, and the staggered delivery, is
to try to check where the food actually goes. "We now have a
merchant-by-merchant, institution-by-institution breakdown for
almost all the commodities," says Chris Goldthwait, general sales
manager for the U.S. Department of Agriculture.


Most food is set for Moscow, St. Petersburg and other industrial
centers. Portions also are to go to the Far East and Siberia.
Critics say the best thing about the program is that it can be
canceled. "The most important change we were able to get into
the agreement was that if these commodities are not delivered
as planned, no further shipments will go," says Rep. Marcy Kaptur,
D-Ohio, ranking Democrat on the House Appropriations Agriculture
Subcommittee.

She worries that the aid will hurt Russia's struggling private
sector because the wholesalers are former state-run conglomerates.

Some say the program is motivated largely by a desire to help
U.S. farmers hurt by sagging commodity prices. Thomas Graham,
a former U.S. diplomat in Moscow, says it also is meant to show
continued engagement in Russia at a time of increasing economic
and political instability -- and foreign reluctance to pump in
more cash aid. "Food aid is one of the few things you can do
that looks humanitarian without compromising your principles."

Goldthwait says the United States intends to spot check at least
20% of the tonnage by using four full-time monitors, plus agricultural
staff and junior consular officers. "If there is a significant
diversion of commodities and we don't see a way to control it,"
the program will be canceled, he says. Asked his definition of
"significant," he says: "We'll know it when we see it."



LOAD-DATE: March 01, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              63 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          February 12, 1992, Wednesday

SHIPLOAD OF FOOD AID TO LEAVE FOR ARMENIA

BYLINE: JANET PLUME; Journal of Commerce Special

SECTION: MARITIME, Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 761 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS


The first waterborne shipment of $ 15 million in government-surplus food aid is
scheduled to departtoday for the hard-hit former Soviet republic of Armenia,
whose landlocked people have been extremely difficult to reach.

In an effort to expedite the shipments, the Department of Defense sent a
planeload of some 30 tons of butter to Armenia, which has been described as the
eediest of the new Commonwealth of Independent States.

The cargo is part of a $ 165 million in food aid announced Nov. 20 by President
Bush. Ared Bulbiljian, who is coordinating food shipments to Armenia for the
American Diocese of the Armenian Church, said efforts to get the food to hungry
townspeople in his homeland have been frustrated by logistical problems.

The Lyra, which arrived in New Orleans Monday, was expected to load 3,000
containerized tons of bulgur wheat on board before heading to Houston Monday
evening. In Houston, the vessel is scheduled to pick up 2,150 tons of powdered
milk and 1,150 tons of butter oil bound for Armenia.

The smallest of the former Soviet republics - with a population of 2.4 million -
Armenia suffered a devastating earthquake in 1988 and has since been engaged in
a conflict with Azerbaijan.

Last week the U.S. Department of Agriculture selected the non-profit
organization World Vision to administer another food relief program - this one
worth $ 7.5 million - to Armenia. The program includes $ 2.3 million to
transport, distribute and monitor $ 5.2 million worth of powdered milk, beans
and vegetable oil.

Armenian Church officials initially said their cargo had been held up nearly a
month by shortages of containers and available ships.

But Pete Kelly, vice president of freight forwarder Daniel F. Young Inc., agent
for the cargo, said Armenian officials didn't formally approve his firm's
appointment to handle the forwarding until Jan. 31.

Additionally, the Armenians changed their minds and wanted the cargo delivered
in containers rather than in breakbulk form.

Mr. Bulbiljian explained the containers were necessary to "ensure the integrity
of the cargo."

"It (the change) kind of put us back to square one," Mr. Kelly said.

Rather than delay the shipment by submitting another tender offer, Lykes Bros.
Steamship Co., which was awarded the bid for the breakbulk move, provided the
Lyra to carry the containers to Turkey earlier than the breakbulk shipment had
been scheduled, Mr. Kelly said.

Mr. Kelly denied a report published last week that alleged the cargo had been
sitting on docks in New Orleans and Houston for months because of shipping
delays. He said all the bulgur wheat didn't arrive in New Orleans until Jan. 27,
and the milk and butter oil didn't leave USDA warehouses for Houston until
Daniel F. Young's appointment became official at the end of January.

Once the 364 containers aboard the Lyra arrive at the Port of Mersin, Turkey, on
March 2, they will be loaded onto that country's single-track, 30- car railway
to Armenia.

The remainder of the cargo - 4,300 tons of frozen butter - is presenting
shippers with a logistical nightmare.

After tendering the initial order for the shipment of 68-pound boxes of butter,
the Armenians wanted to change the shipment to one-pound boxes to ease
distribution.

A second tender submitted last Friday was due Monday, but Mr. Kelly asked the
USDA for an extension until Tuesday to allow several shipping lines to work out
the logistics of trucking the frozen butter from warehouses spread between Texas
and Minnesota to a port for loading.

The problem of getting the frozen butter from Turkey to Armenia remains
unresolved.

While no vehicular traffic is allowed between Armenia and Turkey, it could
become available any day, Mr. Bulbiljian said.

But the condition of the roads, which haven't been used in 70 years, remains
questionable. One major bridge, for example, hasn't been crossed in so long that
its safety is dubious.

Mr. Bulbiljian said his organization has had no problem shipping construction
equipment across Turkey into Armenia by rail, but he acknowledges that the
frozen butter presents a new headache.

Even if trucks could make it across the border, it's uncertain whether they
could find diesel fuel. Since Azerbaijan cut off Armenia's oil pipeline, the
nation has been plagued by diesel shortages.

"But the USDA went so far as to offer to provide the diesel," Mr. Bulbiljian
said.

"The government has certainly done a Herculean job," Mr. Kelly said. ''they have
managed to overcome some major problems."

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              64 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     December 13, 2000 Wednesday 2D EDITION

WESTERN EMPIRE

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 720 words


EASTERN PLAINS

Owens seeks aid for counties

Colorado farmers are 'in dire need of relief and assistance'  because of bad
weather earlier this year, Gov. Bill Owens said  Tuesday, applying to add Las
Animas and Prowers counties to the  list of agricultural counties getting
federal disaster aid.

Owens wrote to Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman, seeking to  make farmers and
ranchers in the southeastern Colorado counties  eligible for the U.S. Department
of Agriculture's emergency loans  and other aid programs.

He said freezing weather in late spring and a persistent  drought have affected
36 of the state's 63 counties. Federal  assistance has been granted to 29 of
them, and five more - Baca,  Bent, Mesa, Montrose and Ouray - were on the
waiting list before  the two recent additions.

FRONT RANGE

Trial ordered in fraud case

COLORADO SPRINGS - A man who once joined an all-girl high  school cheerleading
squad and poses as a female model has been  ordered to stand trial for theft,
fraud and other counts for  allegedly stealing money for plane tickets.

Storme Aerison, who legally changed his name from Charles  Daugherty, will be
arraigned Feb. 12. District Judge Edward Colt  ordered the arraignment after a
preliminary hearing Monday.

During the hearing, police Detective John Amundson said  Aerison stole about $
15,300 from Marjorie Hurd, whose teenage son  Joshua was promised a job working
with Aerison on a photo shoot in  Tahiti. He allegedly paid back Hurd with a
fake check.

At the time, Aerison was out of jail on $ 135,000 bond from an  earlier case in
which he is charged with felony theft. He also  will be arraigned in that case
on Feb. 12.

Aerison, 36, has also used the names Shannon Fox, Shannon  Ocastis Trump Ireland
and Shannon Ireland Trump. He has claimed to  be the sister of supermodel Kathy
Ireland and has posed in a  swimsuit on his own Web site.

Aerison is free on $ 165,000 bond in the latest case.

MOUNTAINS

Kids can trade food for fines

STEAMBOAT SPRINGS - Children with overdue library fines will  be able to settle
their debt with a donation of food under a  program modeled on similar programs
elsewhere.

Library-card holders under age 18 have until Dec. 31 to pay  up through the Food
for Fines program. Donations will go to  Lift-Up Food Bank, said Currie Meyer,
youth services librarian at  Bud Werner Memorial Library.

'It's a nice way to give back to the community and relieve  the stress of
overdue fines,' Meyer said.

Meyer will remove one dollar from fines for each can of food  donated.

'I want to be flexible with it,' Meyer said. 'If someone  brings in a huge jar
of peanut butter, that's worth a lot more  than a little can of peas.'

WESTERN SLOPE

Nuclear-waste route opposed

GATEWAY - Volunteer firefighters say hauling radioactive  waste to a Western
Slope dump will increase traffic accidents.

They are disputing a study that says Colorado 141 is a safe  route for trucking
shipments of radioactive waste from the  Shattuck Chemical Co. cleanup site in
south Denver to Uravan.

The site, already being used to store radioactive waste from  a former mine and
mill, is being proposed as a location for waste  collected elsewhere.

'I'd say the (Umetco Minerals Corp.) study looks at numbers.  I don't equate
numbers with human lives. The body count from  whatever disaster is out here,
whether it's Umetco or not, is  going to involve our own families and
neighbors,' said Dean  Rickman, chairman of the Gateway-Unaweep fire
department's board  of directors.

Rickman said the problem is that traffic would increase but  emergency
communications facilities would remain relatively  primitive. The narrow,
winding road is lined by steep canyons.

Hauling radioactive waste from Denver would generate 20 to 30  truck trips per
day on the two-lane canyon route, with a slight  increase in traffic accidents,
according to the traffic study  released by Umetco last week.

The fire department's pleas for improved communications, road  maintenance and
law enforcement have been largely unanswered since  April, Rickman said. Umetco
has not engaged the fire department in  addressing those problems, he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: BRIEFS

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 29, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Drought Aid Expanded

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B;     Page 5;     Column 6;     Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 82 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Dec. 28


Farmers in six more counties have been deemed eligible for Federal disaster aid
because of losses caused by this year's drought.

Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman selected Cortland, Fulton, Lewis,
Montgomery, Ontario and Washington counties as eligible for drought aid. He also
designated Yates and Lewis counties as eligible for aid because of damage from
windstorms. In all, 31 New York counties have been designated as disaster areas
due to drought or windstorms this year.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              66 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

New Jersey: Animal Emergency Working Group will hold its 17th Annual Symposium

LENGTH: 232  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Monmouth County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

The New Jersey Department of Agriculture Animal Emergency Working Group (AEWG)
will hold its 17th Annual Symposium at 9:15 a.m. on Monday, April 27 at the
Horse Park of New Jersey, 626 Route 524 in Allentown to train state and county
animal response teams in animal first aid.

During the daylong seminar, attendees will get hands-on experience in aiding
pets and small ruminants and will learn how to make a first aid kit. They also
will hear speakers about personal protective equipment and see how to tie knots
and make halters and leads.

The New Jersey Department of Agriculture, under the auspices of AEWG, develops
and coordinates plans to protect animals during emergency situations. It
oversees state and county animal response teams that work in the field during
disasters and emergencies. The AEWG operates under the New Jersey Department of
Agriculture's Division of Animal Health and the New Jersey State Police, Office
of Emergency Management.

Animal control officers, police and firefighters, county emergency planners,
animal response volunteers, veterinary-related personnel and others with an
interest in assisting animals during emergency situations will be in attendance
at the symposium

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

New Jersey: Animal Emergency Working Group will hold its 17th Annual Symposium

LENGTH: 232  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Monmouth County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

The New Jersey Department of Agriculture Animal Emergency Working Group (AEWG)
will hold its 17th Annual Symposium at 9:15 a.m. on Monday, April 27 at the
Horse Park of New Jersey, 626 Route 524 in Allentown to train state and county
animal response teams in animal first aid.

During the daylong seminar, attendees will get hands-on experience in aiding
pets and small ruminants and will learn how to make a first aid kit. They also
will hear speakers about personal protective equipment and see how to tie knots
and make halters and leads.

The New Jersey Department of Agriculture, under the auspices of AEWG, develops
and coordinates plans to protect animals during emergency situations. It
oversees state and county animal response teams that work in the field during
disasters and emergencies. The AEWG operates under the New Jersey Department of
Agriculture's Division of Animal Health and the New Jersey State Police, Office
of Emergency Management.

Animal control officers, police and firefighters, county emergency planners,
animal response volunteers, veterinary-related personnel and others with an
interest in assisting animals during emergency situations will be in attendance
at the symposium

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               October 2, 1999, Saturday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

USDA APPROVES DISASTER RELIEF FOR FARMERS IN ALL MISSOURI COUNTIES BECAUSE OF;
DROUGHT

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 12

LENGTH: 166 words

DATELINE: JEFFERSON CITY


The U.S. Department of Agriculture on Friday announced that all of Missouri's
114 counties are eligible for disaster relief as a result of drought conditions
across the state.

Gov. Mel Carnahan requested the disaster aid earlier this month because Missouri
farmers had been hard hit by a lack of rain since July.

"From low commodity prices to severe heat and lack of rainfall, it's been a
tough year for Missouri farmers," Carnahan said in a statement.

USDA reports show that every county either had sustained significant losses or
had been indirectly affected by the drought.

Those reports showed at least a 50 percent crop loss in some areas and reduced
corn yield and severe damage to soybean crops.

The declaration will provide eligible farmers access to low-interest loans.
Those loans could be used to restore or replace property, cover some or all
production costs, help pay for essential family living expenses, or help
reorganize farming operations and refinance debt.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              69 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

New Jersey: Animal Emergency Working Group will hold its 17th Annual Symposium

LENGTH: 232  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Monmouth County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

The New Jersey Department of Agriculture Animal Emergency Working Group (AEWG)
will hold its 17th Annual Symposium at 9:15 a.m. on Monday, April 27 at the
Horse Park of New Jersey, 626 Route 524 in Allentown to train state and county
animal response teams in animal first aid.

During the daylong seminar, attendees will get hands-on experience in aiding
pets and small ruminants and will learn how to make a first aid kit. They also
will hear speakers about personal protective equipment and see how to tie knots
and make halters and leads.

The New Jersey Department of Agriculture, under the auspices of AEWG, develops
and coordinates plans to protect animals during emergency situations. It
oversees state and county animal response teams that work in the field during
disasters and emergencies. The AEWG operates under the New Jersey Department of
Agriculture's Division of Animal Health and the New Jersey State Police, Office
of Emergency Management.

Animal control officers, police and firefighters, county emergency planners,
animal response volunteers, veterinary-related personnel and others with an
interest in assisting animals during emergency situations will be in attendance
at the symposium

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      March 1, 1999, Monday, FIRST EDITION

U.S. officials will stagger delivery to control where food shipments go

BYLINE: Barbara Slavin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 365 words


When the food aid agreement with Russia finally was hammered out
before Christmas, U.S. officials hoped that shipments would be
on the high seas in January. But the first installment -- 1,000
tons of pea seed -- is arriving March 10 and the remainder of
the promised 3.15 million tons of grain, meat and other commodities
is to be dribbled out in 60 to 70 shipments through June.

The main reason for the delay, and the staggered delivery, is
to try to check where the food actually goes. "We now have a
merchant-by-merchant, institution-by-institution breakdown for
almost all the commodities," says Chris Goldthwait, general sales
manager for the U.S. Department of Agriculture.


Most food is set for Moscow, St. Petersburg and other industrial
centers. And portions are to go to the Far East and Siberia.

Critics say the best thing about the program is that it can be
canceled.

"The most important change we were able to get into the agreement
was that if these commodities are not delivered as planned, no
further shipments will go," says Rep. Marcy Kaptur, D-Ohio, ranking
Democrat on the House Appropriations Agriculture Subcommittee.
She worries that the aid will hurt Russia's struggling private
sector because the wholesalers are former state-run conglomerates.

Some see the program as motivated largely by a desire to help
U.S. farmers hurt by sagging commodity prices. Thomas Graham,
a former U.S. diplomat in Moscow, says it also is meant to show
continued U.S. engagement in Russia at a time of increasing economic
and political instability -- and foreign reluctance to pump in
more cash aid.

"Food aid is one of the few things you can do that looks humanitarian
without compromising your principles," he says.

Goldthwait says the United States intends to spot check at least
20% of the tonnage by using four full-time monitors, plus agricultural
staff and junior officers at the U.S. Embassy and consulates.
"If there is a significant diversion of commodities and we don't
see a way to control it," the program will be canceled, he says.
Asked his definition of "significant," he says: "We'll know
it when we see it."

LOAD-DATE: March 01, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              71 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             February 28, 1998, Saturday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Around state, El Nino hits like a hurricane

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 602 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE; ST. PETERSBURG; CLEARWATER



A series of El Nino-driven storms has left Floridians hip-deep in misery.

Across the state, people are fleeing rising rivers, building rings of  sandbags
around already-sodden houses and struggling to harvest flooded crops.

Consider the impact of El Nino so far:

+ More than 3,500 houses and businesses have been damaged or destroyed.  Total
damage: more than $ 350-million. About $ 100-million of that damage was  done
dramatically by powerful tornadoes that swept across Central Florida on  Monday,
killing 39 people and injuring 260 others.

+ Persistent floods in parts of Hillsborough, Citrus, Hernando and Duval
counties have driven 400 people out of their houses. Because the high water in
some areas has yet to recede, many have been homeless since late December.

+ Farmers are enduring more than $ 100-million in losses from swamped  vegetable
and strawberry crops. Landowners in Central Florida have been  shooting cattle
whose hooves have rotted from standing so long in flooded  pastures. About
40,000 chickens in North Florida have drowned, according to  the Department of
Agriculture and Consumer Affairs.

+ Few counties have escaped the wrath of severe wind damage or flooding.
Thirty-four of the state's 67 counties are eligible for federal disaster aid.

"When you add up all the damage caused by storm after storm after storm,  you
see an overall impact that's greater than we've seen with some  hurricanes,"
said Craig Fugate of the Florida Division of Emergency  Management.

Flooding along the Suwannee and Sante Fe rivers in North and Central  Florida
was the worst in a half-century. More than 300 houses were evacuated  along the
rivers last week.

In Central Florida, where the cleanup after Monday's tornadoes continued,  this
weekend's prediction of rain was on the forefront of people's minds.

"We're worried about the rain," said Martin Beck, who was going through  debris
in Kissimmee, trying to find his wedding photos. "We know rain and  pictures
don't go well together."

Volunteers descended on hundreds of damaged homes with hammers and pieces  of
wood and plastic tarps to safeguard against rain.

Applications for relief

accepted through April 6

   TALLAHASSEE - Residents of Florida counties whose homes were damaged in
Monday's tornadoes and floods have until April 6 to register with the Federal
Emergency Management Agency for disaster assistance.

Those who suffered losses in the storms may call (800) 462-9029.

Besides the Central Florida counties that were struck hardest, residents  and
business owners in Citrus, Hernando, Hillsborough, Pinellas, Manatee,  Pasco and
Polk counties also may apply.

Fund-raiser, blood drives

for victims set at Subway

  ST. PETERSBURG - A fund-raiser to benefit the Central Florida tornado  victims
and a blood drive to replenish the Tampa Bay area's supply will be  from 11 a.m.
to 3 p.m. today at the Lighthouse Crossing Subway, 3993 Tyrone  Blvd. N.

Scott Ledger of WTBT-FM 105.5 and a Salvation Army truck will be at Subway
collecting such items as money, canned food, blankets and clothes. Blood  drives
also will be at other Subways. Blood donor gifts include T-shirts, sub  coupons,
cholesterol screenings, drink coupons from Pick Kwik and two  round-trip tickets
to London.  City, Phillies pitch in

to help twister victims

   CLEARWATER - The city and the Philadelphia Phillies will collect donations
for victims of Monday's tornadoes at each spring training game at Jack Russell
Stadium.  S:

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              72 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           December 5, 1992, Saturday

GEORGIA IN BRIEF State faces fine in USDA program WASHINGTON: The U.S.
Department of Agriculture is asking Georgia and 23 other states to pay $ 300
million in penalties for mistakes and fraud in the food-stamp program.
Georgia's penalty is more than $ 26 million, but the USDA will settle for 35
cents on the dollar if states agree within 60 days to repay the money or invest
it in strengthening their program to minimize mistakes. A Georgia official said
caseworkers are bound to make mistakes when thousands of people are being added
to the rolls every month. "We do the best we can, [but] we're just not going to
let those children go hungry," said Peggy Peters, director of economic support
for the Georgia Department of Human Resources.  New York has the largest
penalty, $ 112 million. Ohio owes $ 29.2 million, and California owes more than
$ 26 million. The Virgin Islands owes the least, less than $ 7,000. DISASTER AID

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section C; Page 6

LENGTH: 300 words


ATLANTA: 9 more counties eligible for federal loans. Nine more counties have
been added to those eligible for federal disaster aid stemming from the
tornadoes that struck Georgia last month, officials said Friday. They are Dade,
Jones, Lincoln, Lumpkin, Monroe, Spalding, Talbot, Taliaferro and Wilkes
counties. Fourteen counties now are eligible for federal loans and grants. Also,
state Labor Commissioner David Poythress announced that workers who lost their
jobs as a direct result of the tornadoes may be entitled to federal Disaster
Unemployment Assistance. The federal program, in addition to providing benefits
to those who qualify, is open to workers who are ineligible for the state
unemployment insurance program. Applicants should contact a Labor Department
field services office or one of these centers: Cobb and Cherokee counties -
Kennesaw Elementary School's media building, 6997 Keene St., Kennesaw; Putnam
and Greene counties - National Guard Armory, Godfrey Road, Eatonton; Carroll
County - Carroll County Agricultural Cente r, 900 Newnan Road, Carrollton.

POLICE

TRENTON: Interstate closed by leaking truck. A tractor-trailer truck began
leaking hazardous chemicals after swerving off an interstate highway in
northwest Georgia Friday, and troopers closed the road, backing up traffic into
Tennessee. The truck, owned by Ricoh Chemical Corp., carried about 80 drums of
flammable resins that can irritate the eyes and respiratory system, said Dade
County Sheriff Phillip Street. The accident occurred about 2:30 p.m. on the
five-mile stretch of Interstate 24 that dips into Georgia. Dale McCreary, a
communications officer in the Dade County sheriff's office, said Friday evening
that it would be several hours before traffic would be moving again.

From our news services

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH923440138

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              73 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           December 12, 2006 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Drought aid will help farmers, officials say ;
State's share of grants to total $6.5 million

BYLINE: Josh Rabe, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 343 words


Cattle producers struggling with Oklahoma's ongoing drought could get a check
averaging about $500 per farm in the coming weeks.

The relief will come from a $50 million U.S. Department of Agriculture aid
program launched in September that is being divided among 20 states that were
hit hardest by drought this summer.

State agriculture officials said the grants won't bring farmers close to making
up for losses incurred this year but the amount each receives will be a little
more than anticipated.

Farmers who applied for the aid will get about $3.84 for each large grazing
animal they listed on a grant application, said Jack Carson, spokesman for the
state Department of Agriculture, Food and Forestry.

"I have been saying all along this is a Band-Aid on a major wound," Carson said.

Agriculture officials feared livestock producers could get as little as 50 cents
per animal if it were divided among every cattle producer in the state but only
a small portion applied for the grants, Carson said.

The state's $6.5 million share of grant money is being divided among more than
12,000 farmers who applied for aid based on the number of animal units they had
this spring.

Large cows and bulls count as one unit, while smaller animals such as calves and
sheep only count as a fraction, Carson said.

Applicants listed an average of 124 units per farm, and would receive about $476
in aid.

Most Oklahoma farmers have between one to 499 cattle and could get anywhere from
a few dollars to nearly $2,000.

"That pales in comparison to the help that's still needed out there," said Scott
Dewald, executive vice president of the Oklahoma Cattlemen's Association. "It's
not going to offset anybody's loss but these are dollars that are going to
help."

Dewald said many farmers already have cut back herds to much smaller numbers so
they can survive until conditions improve, but the drought has forced others out
of the business.

Carson said the state Agriculture Department plans to get grant checks mailed by
the end of the year, or by early January at the latest.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             April 5, 1992, Sunday

NATION IN BRIEF Bush spokesman denies allegation of job frustration

BYLINE: By Angela Duerson Tuck STAFF WRITERgeorge/bush; administration; policy;
assault; new/york; courts; executions; arizona; rulings; banking; aid; finances;
medicine; publications; ethics

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 4

LENGTH: 520 words


WASHINGTON, D.C.: President Bush's chief spokesman, Marlin Fitzwater, denied
Saturday that he abruptly left on vacation in exasperation over turmoil in the
White House leadership. Mr. Fitzwater, in Bermuda, issued a statement through
White House aide Michael Busch, saying his vacation "has nothing to do with the
events described in The Washington Post article" about his frustration. The
article said Mr. Fitzwater had told associates that he was frustrated enough to
quit over White House inability to carry forward Mr. Bush's policies and themes.
"Marlin is not resigning and did not threaten to quit," Mr. Busch said.

NEW YORK: Shooting called mob attack. A reputed top-ranking member of the
Lucchese crime family was shot and critically wounded at a Westport restaurant
in what authorities termed a bungled mob attack. Aniello "Neil" Migliore, 59,
was in critical but stable condition Saturday at a hospital and was expected to
survive, said Nassau County police spokesman Officer Michael Aronsen.
Authorities say Mr. Migliore allegedly ran the family briefly during the 1980s
and is one of the most senior members of the Lucchese family.

ARIZONA: Court clears way for execution. The U.S. Supreme Court on Saturday
lifted a stay that had blocked the scheduled execution of a triple murderer. It
would be Arizona's first execution in 29 years. The Arizona Board of Pardons and
Paroles will hold a clemency hearing today for Donald Eugene Harding. The
hearing is the last step before he could be executed, said Assistant Attorney
General Jack Roberts.

WASHINGTON, D.C.: Delinquent borrowers got loans. The Farmers Home
Administration forgave multimillion-dollar loans to agribusiness borrowers who
misled the government about their finances, investigators say. The agency also
failed to verify or obtain complete information about assets, income and
collateral when large farm borrowers sought help restructuring their troubled
loans, according to government investigations. As a result, big borrowers reaped
millions of dollars in excess benefits, say investigators for the General
Accounting Office and the Agriculture Department's inspector general's office.
The inspector general's report was obtained by The Associated Press under the
Freedom of Information Act. Under the Agricultural Act of 1987, the FmHA has
provided about $ 2.8 billion in debt relief to delinquent farm borrowers.

MARYLAND: Doctor admonished for false AIDS report: A doctor has been reprimanded
by a state board for trying to get revenge on an ex- girlfriend by arranging for
her to be told falsely that she had tested positive for the AIDS virus. Dr.
Thomas DiGiovanna, 35, a former emergency room physician at Johns Hopkins
Hospital in Baltimore, put the name of his former girlfriend, a nurse at the
hospital, on a blood sample from a person with AIDS. The woman, whose name
wasn't disclosed, was told that her blood had tested positive for the virus but
didn't believe it because she hadn't submitted a sample for testing, Dr.
DiGiovanna's attorney, Patricia Fettman, said Friday. Dr. DiGiovanna didn't
contest the charges.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Making up for time lost during recent spring rainstorms,
carpenter Rick Stuber on Saturday frames the roof of a house under construction
in Isla Vista, Calif., near Santa Barbara / The Associated Press

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              75 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           April 4, 1990, Wednesday
                              Correction Appended

SHIPPING AGENTS FIGHT FOOD AID RULE REVISIONS

BYLINE: ALLEN R. WASTLER; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 526 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Shipping agents representing countries that receive U.S. foreign food aid
shipments are trying to thwart efforts on Capitol Hill to cut them out of the
program, government and industry sources said.

Ten foreign-country shipping agents and chartering brokers, all based in the
Washington area, are leading the attack on Capitol Hill. They have hired former
U.S. Senator John Melcher, a Nebraska Democrat, to lobby for them in Congress,
ccording to sources.

The agents are taking aim at legislation overhauling the U.S. foreign food aid
program. A provision in the legislation would require the Department of
Agriculture, instead of foreign country agents, to arrange the ocean
transportation of food aid shipments.

Government sources said the exact language of the provision eliminating
foreign-country agents is still being negotiated between Congress and the Bush
administration. The final language could allow the Department of Agriculture to
hire a shi pping agent itself to handle transportation arrangements.

A government source said the effort to get foreign-country shipping agents out
of the food-aid program was prompted by allegations of abuse in the industry and
by a series of Journal of Commerce articles outlining problems in the food-aid
shipping system.

In some cases, the agent arranging transportation for the country receiving food
aid also works as a broker for shipowners, said government and industry sources.
A provision in the legislation would eliminate this conflict of interest.

The legislation is the first to overhaul the federal foreign food aid program in
25 years. The program was put into place to provide impoverished nations with
the means to purchase U.S. agricultural goods.

Under present food aid regulations, three-quarters of U.S. food aid traffic has
to be moved on U.S.-flag carriers. These carriers are selected through an open
bidding process conducted by the Department of Agriculture.

The countries receiving the shipments select agents to arrange transportation
for the remaining traffic. The agents get a commission, usually 2.5 percent of
the freight charge, from the shipowner.

Agents claim that abuses of the present system are due to the Department of
Agriculture's failure to adequately enforce its own rules.

"There is a lot of stuff that needs to be policed," said one agent executive,
who asked not to be identified.

Agents maintain, however, that they should not be forced out of the market just
because the agency will not do its job.

"It's like a bank losing money, finding an embezzler on its staff, and to solve
the problem, closing the bank," said another agent executive.

According to an industry source the agents involved in the lobbying effort are:
Star Trading & Marine Inc.; Fettig & Donalty & Agarwal; Charrier, Gibson &
Associates Inc.; Potomac Marine Inc.; Pacific Cargoes Inc.; Panalpina Inc.;
EuroAmerican Shipping Inc.; International Navigation Corp.; Universal Marine
Corp. and Amex International Inc.

Sen. Melcher did not return phone calls. Some of the agent executives contacted
refused comment or denied knowledge of the lobbying effort.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: See related article: NEW EFFORTS PLANNED TO REVIVE GREAT LAKES
CARGO

CORRECTION-DATE: APRIL 6, 1990

CORRECTION:

A story appearing on the front page of the April 4 Journal of Commerce,
headlined "Shipping Agents Fight Food Aid Rule Revisions," identified the wrong
state as the home state of former U.S. Sen. John Melcher. Sen. Melcher
represented Montana during his tenure.

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              76 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            January 15, 1999 Friday
                                  City Edition

Nebraska hog farmers wait to hear about aid

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 261 words


OMAHA (AP) -- Nebraska will learn in the coming months just what part of $50
million in federal aid will go to its hog farmers.

In North Carolina, officials said the state produces more hogs than any other
state except Iowa, but it will get next to nothing from the USDA.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture will not make any payments to farmers who
marketed more than 1,000 hogs during the last six months of 1998. In North
Carolina, less than 2 percent of the 18 million hogs grown there come from farms
with fewer than 1,000 pigs.

Much the federal aid appears to be headed to individual farmers in the Midwest,
North Carolina officials said.

"We don't have the small, individual hog farms in North Carolina like they still
have out in the Midwest," said Walter Cherry, executive director of the North
Carolina Pork Council. The USDA said eligible farmers will be paid $5 for each
pig marketed during the last half of 1998, up to a maximum of 500 animals. No
farmer will receive more than $2,500.

In Nebraska, about 6,000 farms produced almost 4 million hogs in 1998. Most of
the farms in the state are small, with individual farmers growing between 100
and 500 pigs.

Nebraska farmers won't know their cut for at least a month, state agricultural
officials said Thursday.

Doy Unzicker, a price support program specialist for the Nebraska Farm Services
Agency, said that as of Feb. 1, hog farmers can sign up at their local farm
services agencies to be eligible for the USDA payments. The amount Nebraska
receives will be based in part on how many farmers sign up, he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Corporate Legal Times

                                  August, 2005

SECTION: CIRCUIT ROUNDUP; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 1327 words

HIGHLIGHT: Exxon was in bad faith trying to make a "judicial train wreck" of the
claims administration process.
_District Judge Alan S. Gold


Debbi Mack

1st Circuit

Oracle Pays $ 8 Million To Settle Whistleblower Suit

Oracle Corp. has agreed to pay $ 8 million to settle civil claims over its
billing practices. The claims arose from a former employee's whistleblower
lawsuit. The U.S. Attorney's Office in Boston announced the settlement May 13.

Filed in Massachusetts federal court, the suit alleged that from 1997 through
2003 Oracle violated the False Claims Act by improperly billing the government
for computer training it was contracted to provide.

Oracle allegedly billed various agencies before providing the training and broke
federal travel regulations by billing the government for travel and expenses.

Robert J. Makheja, of McLean, Va., a former vice president of North American
sales for the company's Oracle University division, filed the whistleblower
action. He will get $ 1.58 million from the settlement.

The General Services Administration and U.S. Department of Agriculture, the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Defense Criminal Investigative Service and
the U.S. Postal Inspection Service were among the agencies investigating the
case.

3rd Circuit

Class Action Denied In Lipitor Suit

On May 3, a Pennsylvania state court refused to certify a class action lawsuit
against Rite Aid Inc. for allegedly selling counterfeit Lipitor, a
cholesterol-reduction drug.

Rite Aid started buying Lipitor from H.D. Smith Wholesale Drug Co. in March
2003. On May 23, 2003, H.D. Smith informed Rite Aid that some of the Lipitor it
bought could be counterfeit and suggested recalling Lipitor it had purchased
from April 22 to May 23, 2003. By that time, Rite Aid had sold the product to
330,000 customers. Most of it turned out to be genuine.

Christopher Crepeau, the named plaintiff, filed suit against Rite Aid and H.D.
Smith in September 2003, alleging breach of express warranty and unjust
enrichment.

The suit sought to represent all 330,000 Rite Aid customers as a class, even
though it was impossible to determine who had bought the counterfeit product and
how much each plaintiff purchased. Crepeau finished all the medication before he
got the recall notice and couldn't prove whether any of it was counterfeit.

The court found the case didn't meet most of the criteria for class
certification because the plaintiff wasn't able to "meaningfully define" the
class and the lead plaintiff couldn't prove he qualified at all.

"Plaintiff's class as defined is flawed because it necessarily includes all
those who purchased genuine Lipitor," Judge Mark I. Bernstein wrote. "Plaintiff
has created a class which is detrimentally over-inclusive. As a result neither
Plaintiff nor the Court can ever determine class identity or size."

6th Circuit

Class Action Suit Over Sex Products OK'd

The maker of pills that purportedly enlarge penis size and improve female sexual
response is appealing an Ohio state court decision to certify a class action
lawsuit that alleges the company misrepresented its products' capabilities.

The suit alleges Berkeley Premium Nutraceuticals Inc. made unsubstantiated
claims that its product, Enzyte, could increase penis size by one to three
inches and Avlimil could improve a woman's libido.

The plaintiffs allege the company had no evidence to back its claims for Enzyte
and the claims for Avlimil were based solely on a bogus clinical study.

Berkeley promoted the products by providing 30-day samples at the cost of
shipping and handling, which it charged to customers' credit cards. After
sending the samples, the company allegedly continued to ship the product to
customers every month and charge their credit cards.

The company allegedly trained its telephone sales representatives to withhold
information about this practice from customers and to deny refunds when
customers called to complain.

Berkeley argued that, because statements about the product and the company's
refund policy varied among different media, a class action was inappropriate
because common factual and legal questions didn't predominate.

The court disagreed. "Although varying statements regarding the efficacy of
Enzyte and Avlimil were made based upon the type of media, the Court finds that
rooted in each of those advertisements was Defendants' misrepresentation that
Enzyte would enlarge penis size and that Avlimil would increase female libido or
in some way manipulate female hormones." Judge John W. Kessler wrote.

11th Circuit

Exxon Sanctioned For Frivolous Defenses

On May 18, a Florida federal court took Exxon Mobil Corp. to task for dragging
its feet in paying a $ 500 million jury award to several thousand gas station
owners and trying to disrupt the claims-administration process by raising issues
already decided in the case.

The court struck down various defenses Exxon raised to paying the station owners
who won a class action lawsuit against Exxon in 2001 and awarded attorneys' fees
as a Rule 11 sanction against Exxon. The decision mentioned Robert Wallis,
Exxon's in-house counsel, by name, citing his active participation in the
lawsuit as a reason for sanctioning the company, rather than its outside
counsel.

"... [A]t the time the Court issued its warning, neither Plaintiffs' counsel or
the Court were aware of Exxon's now apparent intention to appeal every final
judgment in the claims process on practically every issue already resolved on
appeal, not just the issue of prejudgment interest," plaintiffs' counsel wrote
in its request for sanctions.

The case has been plodding through the courts since 1991, when a group of
dealers sued Exxon Corp. for allegedly overcharging them for gasoline. Exxon
unsuccessfully appealed the award up to the U.S. Supreme Court.

The district court resumed charge of the case to determine and pay the
individual claims. In the interim, the award has grown to more than $ 1.3
billion as interest accrued. The average claim is expected to be around $
130,000, according to Eugene Stearns, a partner with Stearns, Weaver, Miller,
Weissler, Alhadeff and Sitterson, who represented the gas station owners.

By challenging the claims based on arguments it previously lost on appeal,
District Judge Alan S. Gold said, "Exxon was in bad faith trying to make a
'judicial train wreck' of the claims administration process" and accused Exxon
of having "a cynical plan to prolong this litigation which has endured more than
13 years."

DC Circuit

Court Halts D.C. Hazardous Cargo Ban

The D.C. Circuit barred the Washington, D.C., government on May 3 from enforcing
an emergency ban on transporting hazardous materials near the U.S. Capitol
building.

The D.C. Council passed the Terrorism Prevention in Hazardous Materials
Transportation Emergency Act in February, prohibiting trains and trucks from
carrying explosives, flammable gases, poisonous gases and other hazardous
material within 2.2 miles of the Capitol.

The day after the act was signed, CSX Transportation Inc. sued the city and
mayor in federal court, seeking to invalidate the law and prevent its
enforcement.

CSX alleged the law would require re-routing hazardous materials to other rail
lines, increasing the total miles and time it would take to move them.

The district court found CSX wasn't likely to succeed on the merits of its claim
and, given the potential devastation of a terrorist attack close to the Capitol,
refused to strike down the law.

The D.C. Circuit reversed, finding CSX was likely to win on its argument that
the D.C. law was preempted by a federal rule requiring rail carriers to develop
and implement security plans for moving hazardous materials.

The court ruled the D.C. law addressed concerns already covered by the required
plans, which appeared to provide adequate protection.

The court also found the D.C. ordinance couldn't survive under an exception for
laws that address a local safety or security hazard and that it unreasonably
burdened interstate commerce.3

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                Copyright 2005 Corporate Legal Times Corporation


                              78 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 2, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

After Storms, New Mexico Airlifts Hay To Livestock

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 13; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 376 words

DATELINE: SANTA FE, N.M., Jan. 1


With the announcement on Wednesday of $2 million in disaster aid for ranchers,
the New Mexico National Guard was airlifting hay to 181,000 head of livestock
stranded by snow.

The Farm Service Agency of the Federal Department of Agriculture estimated that
some 5,000 cattle had died because of a series of storms with high winds that
battered eastern New Mexico, blowing snow into drifts from 8 feet to 14 feet
high. The area usually receives little snow.

Five Air National Guard C-130 cargo planes dropped 96 tons of hay in the
southeastern part of the state, said Col. Barry Stout of the New Mexico National
Guard.

Three planes were to deliver 66 tons of hay today. Bob Redden of the state's
Office of Emergency Management said air drops would continue through Sunday.

"A tremendous amount of cattle and livestock in New Mexico were going to be lost
if these actions had not been taken," said Darren White, secretary of the State
Department of Public Safety.

Crusted snow kept livestock from grazing, and ice covered their water tanks.

Caren Cowan, executive secretary of the New Mexico Cattle Growers Association,
said: "These animals aren't prepared for this kind of cold."

The livestock industry -- cattle, dairy cows and sheep -- is a $1.1 billion
business in New Mexico. As of Jan. 1, 1997, there were nearly 1.5 million beef
cattle, 197,000 milk cows, and 235,000 sheep in the state, according to the New
Mexico Livestock Board.

Also on Wednesday, the Federal Agriculture Department announced emergency aid
that would reimburse ranchers for up to 30 percent of the cost of buying feed
for their cattle and sheep from Dec. 24 through Jan. 3. The agency will pay up
to $50 a ton for feed. Ranchers are paying about $90 a ton for the hay delivered
by the cargo planes, said Mr. White, of the Department of Public Safety.

Mr. White said the costs of rescue operations and snow removal across New Mexico
could reach $20 million.

New Mexico is seeking additional Federal aid to cover some of the relief
efforts.

So far, the state has spent about $10 million just to clear snow from roads and
highways. The National Guard is using its helicopters to rescue stranded
families and provide emergency medical treatment.



LOAD-DATE: January 2, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              79 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 21, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

CHALLENGES PERIL A STATE RISE OF 15% IN WELFARE BENEFITS

BYLINE: By PETER KIHSS

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 658 words


As a result of conservative challenges now under study by the Reagan
Administration, New York welfare recipients might lose out on part of the full
15 percent increase recently approved in Albany.  Those challenges could lead to
a cut in food stamps that would offset nearly a third of the forthcoming
increase.

The challenges come from William T. Smith, Republican of Big Flats and deputy
majority leader of the State Senate, and Representative Gary A. Lee, Republican
of upstate Dryden. Mr. Lee contends the New York plan aims ''to get around the
intent'' of Federal food stamp rules. He has told President Reagan he would
sponsor an Administration bill to insure that the Federal Government is not
''duped.''

G. William Hoagland, the new food stamp administrator, said yesterday in
Washington that he was considering the challenges as well as documents offered
in defense of the New York plan by Barbara B. Blum, State Commissioner of Social
Services. About $50 million in Federal food stamp funds is involved, Mr.
Hoagland said.

The extra payment would be financed 50-50 by the Federal Government and the
state for families receiving Aid to Dependent Children funds, and borne entirely
by the state for recipients in the homerelief category. If the Administration
decided it was really a welfare increase - rather than energy aid - the state
share would be counted as income. For each $1 of increased income, Mr. Hoagland
said, the amount of food stamps received would be reduced by 30 cents.

Administration Decision Crucial

This would leave Aid to Dependent Children welfare families with a net increase
of about 12.75 percent and recipients of home relief with a net increase of 10.5
percent because of the loss of part of their food-stamp aid.

For a family of four, a maximum 15 percent increase would amount to $38.70 a
month above the present $258 basic welfare grant, which is separate from grants
to cover rents. Grants for rents vary by regions.

Mr. Hoagland, the director of the Agriculture Department's Food and Nutrition
Service, said the Reagan Administration sought legislation for the future to
count any state or local energy payments as income for food-stamp purposes. In
part, this would stop the Federal Government from having to decide whether such
payments were disguised welfare grants.

Mr. Hoagland wrote to Representative Lee on May 5, asserting that ''the
Administration has serious concerns'' about New York's plan to raise welfare
payments in the name of energy aid as possibly ''contrary to the spirit and
intent of the Food Stamp Act Amendments of 1980.''

The New York State Department of Social Services contended that any welfare
increase ''intended primarily to meet the increased cost of home energy'' was
not to be counted as income that would reduce the amount of food stamps
received.

Commissioner Blum said the nonrent welfare grant for a family of four had
allowed $14 for electricity and gas in 1974, but these costs had risen to $48 as
of last October. This, she said, would account for $34 of the new energy aid,
with other energy-related costs, such as transportation, accounting for the
rest.

A Reagan Administration proposal to count any state or local energy aid in the
future as income for food-stamp purposes has been approved by the Senate
Agriculture Committee but lost in the House Agriculture Committee.

State Senator Smith said the Federal Government had allocated $223 million to
New York in the current fiscal year for energy aid to lowincome households. He
contended that failure by Congress to approve the Reagan Administration
amendments would be ''a signal for every state to routinely label their general
welfare-grant increases as energy assistance payments.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              80 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

Utah floods bring most federal aid of any state

BYLINE: By Lee Davidson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: POLITICS; News; State

LENGTH: 637 words


Utah may be a desert, but disastrous flooding here last year led it to receive
the most of any state in a big package of federal emergency agricultural
disaster aid announced on Wednesday.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture awarded Utah $60.3 million out of the $307.6
million given nationally -- about 20 percent of the national total. Utah's money
is for emergency watershed repair projects statewide.

That came after the wettest spring on record in northern Utah led to snowmelt
flooding along rivers including the Weber, Ogden, Blacksmith's Fork, Sevier,
Emigration Creek and Big and Little Cottonwood Creek. Flash flooding also
occurred in December 2010 in southern Utah. All that flooded, or even eroded
away, many farms and hurt irrigation and flood control systems.

"Landowners, individuals and communities have endured incredible hardships,"
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said as he announced the national
assistance. "This funding will help to rebuild communities.... This assistance
keeps farmers on the farm, ranchers on the ranch, and landowners on the land."

The U.S. Natural Resources Conservation Service will funnel money to 13 local
governments in Utah to pay up to 75 percent for restoration or flood prevention
projects, while local governments must pay the rest through cash or in-kind
services. About $50.2 eventually will go to local governments, and the NRCS will
also use $10.1 million in the state for technical assistance.

Among amounts awarded so far are $13 million to Weber County, where high
snowmelt flooding damaged road, irrigation, structures, homes and bridges.
Washington County is receiving $6.59 million for damage from flash floods.

Salt Lake County is receiving $3.5 million. High stream flows in the most
populous county caused damage to property on Big and Little Cottonwood Creeks,
Mill Creek and the Jordan River.

Among some other initial amounts awarded are: Cache County, $6 million; Duchesne
County, $4 million; Sevier County, $3.5 million; Sanpete County, $2.5 million;
Piute County, $1.5 million; Green River Soil Conservation District, $1.5
million; Kane County, $600,000; Garfield County, $500,000; Spanish Fork,
$500,000; and the Northern Utah Water Conservancy District, $500,000.

"We look forward to working with the local sponsors to restore these critical
natural resource systems and help make these communities whole again," said Dave
Brown, state conservationist in the Utah NRCS office.

Ron Francis, NRCS Utah spokesman, said the agency figures that $57 million worth
of similar work after 2005 floods around St. George helped this year, when
similar flash flooding occurred. He said it helped avoid "damages exceeding $179
million, and protected 450 individual properties and 30 businesses.... It
worked. The stuff held and it didn't wipe out homes again."

The Utah Department of Agriculture and Food hailed the aid.

"Agriculture is hard enough without natural disasters making it even more
difficult," said department spokesman Larry Lewis. "It's very important that
farmers are able to put themselves back in business and undo what damage the
flood did. We're talking about tens of millions of dollars of losses" from
flooding last year.

Utah Deputy Agriculture Commissioner Kyle Stephens added, "As a result of
flooding around the state, it caused a lot of farmers and ranchers not to be
able to put their crops in" because of flooded or too-wet fields. He said even
where farmers may have been able to plant, "Irrigations systems were compromised
because of flooding, so they were not able to get water on fields." Alt Heads:

Utah floods bring most federal aid of any state Top five states in aid awards

Utah » $60.3 million

Missouri » $48.9 million

New York » $41.8 million

Alabama » $16.6 million

Pennsylvania » $13.9 million

Source: U.S. Department of Agriculture

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Water floods an alfalfa field in the Taylor Ward west of Ogden in May
2011. The water will ruin summer crops. Director of Weber County Emergency
Management Lance Peterson estimates that 2,000 acres of alfalfa, pasture and
cattle range have already been flooded with water from the nearby Weber River.
Water floods an alfalfa field in the Taylor Ward west of Ogden in May 2011. The
water will ruin summer crops. Director of Weber County Emergency Management
Lance Peterson estimates that 2,000 acres of alfalfa, pasture and cattle range
have already been flooded with water from the nearby Weber River.
Water flooding out from the Weber River fills the front yard of a home on W.
1600 South outside of Ogden in May 2011.
Water floods the Wadeland dairy farm in the Taylor Ward west of Ogden Sunday in
May 2011. Director of Weber County Emergency Management Lance Peterson estimates
that 2,000 acres of alfalfa, pasture and cattle range have already been flooded
with water from the nearby Weber River.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

Utah floods bring most federal aid of any state

BYLINE: By Lee Davidson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: POLITICS; News; State

LENGTH: 637 words


Utah may be a desert, but disastrous flooding here last year led it to receive
the most of any state in a big package of federal emergency agricultural
disaster aid announced on Wednesday.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture awarded Utah $60.3 million out of the $307.6
million given nationally -- about 20 percent of the national total. Utah's money
is for emergency watershed repair projects statewide.

That came after the wettest spring on record in northern Utah led to snowmelt
flooding along rivers including the Weber, Ogden, Blacksmith's Fork, Sevier,
Emigration Creek and Big and Little Cottonwood Creek. Flash flooding also
occurred in December 2010 in southern Utah. All that flooded, or even eroded
away, many farms and hurt irrigation and flood control systems.

"Landowners, individuals and communities have endured incredible hardships,"
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said as he announced the national
assistance. "This funding will help to rebuild communities.... This assistance
keeps farmers on the farm, ranchers on the ranch, and landowners on the land."

The U.S. Natural Resources Conservation Service will funnel money to 13 local
governments in Utah to pay up to 75 percent for restoration or flood prevention
projects, while local governments must pay the rest through cash or in-kind
services. About $50.2 eventually will go to local governments, and the NRCS will
also use $10.1 million in the state for technical assistance.

Among amounts awarded so far are $13 million to Weber County, where high
snowmelt flooding damaged road, irrigation, structures, homes and bridges.
Washington County is receiving $6.59 million for damage from flash floods.

Salt Lake County is receiving $3.5 million. High stream flows in the most
populous county caused damage to property on Big and Little Cottonwood Creeks,
Mill Creek and the Jordan River.

Among some other initial amounts awarded are: Cache County, $6 million; Duchesne
County, $4 million; Sevier County, $3.5 million; Sanpete County, $2.5 million;
Piute County, $1.5 million; Green River Soil Conservation District, $1.5
million; Kane County, $600,000; Garfield County, $500,000; Spanish Fork,
$500,000; and the Northern Utah Water Conservancy District, $500,000.

"We look forward to working with the local sponsors to restore these critical
natural resource systems and help make these communities whole again," said Dave
Brown, state conservationist in the Utah NRCS office.

Ron Francis, NRCS Utah spokesman, said the agency figures that $57 million worth
of similar work after 2005 floods around St. George helped this year, when
similar flash flooding occurred. He said it helped avoid "damages exceeding $179
million, and protected 450 individual properties and 30 businesses.... It
worked. The stuff held and it didn't wipe out homes again."

The Utah Department of Agriculture and Food hailed the aid.

"Agriculture is hard enough without natural disasters making it even more
difficult," said department spokesman Larry Lewis. "It's very important that
farmers are able to put themselves back in business and undo what damage the
flood did. We're talking about tens of millions of dollars of losses" from
flooding last year.

Utah Deputy Agriculture Commissioner Kyle Stephens added, "As a result of
flooding around the state, it caused a lot of farmers and ranchers not to be
able to put their crops in" because of flooded or too-wet fields. He said even
where farmers may have been able to plant, "Irrigations systems were compromised
because of flooding, so they were not able to get water on fields." Alt Heads:

Utah floods bring most federal aid of any state Top five states in aid awards

Utah » $60.3 million

Missouri » $48.9 million

New York » $41.8 million

Alabama » $16.6 million

Pennsylvania » $13.9 million

Source: U.S. Department of Agriculture

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Water floods an alfalfa field in the Taylor Ward west of Ogden in May
2011. The water will ruin summer crops. Director of Weber County Emergency
Management Lance Peterson estimates that 2,000 acres of alfalfa, pasture and
cattle range have already been flooded with water from the nearby Weber River.
Water floods an alfalfa field in the Taylor Ward west of Ogden in May 2011. The
water will ruin summer crops. Director of Weber County Emergency Management
Lance Peterson estimates that 2,000 acres of alfalfa, pasture and cattle range
have already been flooded with water from the nearby Weber River.
Water flooding out from the Weber River fills the front yard of a home on W.
1600 South outside of Ogden in May 2011.
Water floods the Wadeland dairy farm in the Taylor Ward west of Ogden Sunday in
May 2011. Director of Weber County Emergency Management Lance Peterson estimates
that 2,000 acres of alfalfa, pasture and cattle range have already been flooded
with water from the nearby Weber River.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      AUGUST 6, 1999 Friday CNORTH EDITION

PA. CROP REPORTS USED IN REQUEST FOR FEDERAL AID / A GROUP OF EXPERTS WILL
REVIEW THE LOSSES TODAY. BUCKS AND MONTGOMERY ARE THE HARDEST HIT.

BYLINE: Meredith Fischer and Mark Binker, INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 487 words


Seeking to have Pennsylvania declared an agricultural disaster area, a team of
policy experts is scheduled to convene in Harrisburg today to review county
reports of drought-related crop loss.

The Natural Disaster Assessment Damage Reports, which detail withered crops and
lagging production statewide, will be sent to Washington to secure financial
help for farmers hit hardest this growing season, state officials said.

Topping the list of those in need will be farmers from Montgomery and Bucks
Counties.

"Bucks and Montgomery Counties are absolutely worse than any other part of the
state," said Michael Fournier, an agent for the Penn State Cooperative Extension
in Bucks County. "There is no field or farm in the area producing anywhere near
its annual average."

Darrell Tribue, a local director of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm
Service Agency, said both counties were looking at "a complete loss."

"The air is so dry that what showers do head our way evaporate and disband
before they can hit the ground," he said.

Hollis Baker, a representative with the Farm Service Agency, said officials from
Chester and Delaware Counties held meetings with farmers, and submitted their
reports to the state yesterday.

Today's session follows a decision earlier this week by the Clinton
administration to declare some parts of Pennsylvania and five other states
agricultural disaster areas.

The declaration will enable farmers who have lost at least 30 percent of their
income as a result of the summer's drought to draw up to $500,000 in
low-interest loans.

The disaster declaration covers 88 counties in parts of Pennsylvania, Ohio,
Kentucky, West Virginia, Virginia and Maryland. Only four Western Pennsylvania
counties are included: Fayette, Beaver, Green and Washington Counties.

Pennsylvania will be seeking direct aid rather than loans from Washington.

"We are hoping they will kick in another level of programs," said Jeff Schneck,
an agronomist based in Souderton, "and send a signal to Congress that they may
need to appropriate more money to the state."

According to county farmers, pastures are barren and milk production has dropped
by as much as 20 percent in some parts of the state.

Agriculture is Pennsylvania's leading industry, generating $4 billion a year,
according to state officials. Milk production - dairy is the state's largest
farm business - ranks fourth nationally, they added.

In Bucks County, the investment in this season's planting has been about $9
million, Tribue said.

In Montgomery County, farmers have invested $15 million in their 30,000 acres of
crops, said Lou Saporito, an agriculture agent with the Penn State Cooperative
Extension.

"Farmers will not harvest any corn or grain, and there is very little hope for
any bean harvest," he said.

* Inquirer staff writer Walter F. Naedele also contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              August 11, 1999, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Black farmers' bias claims examined

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 1032 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; BOSTON; HUNTSVILLE, Texas; LEXINGTON, Ky.; SACRAMENTO,
Calif.



The Agriculture Department is investigating complaints that black farmers were
denied disaster aid in Arkansas and Georgia this year, even as the department
was settling a civil rights lawsuit.

The complaints involve three of the Farm Service Agency's county offices in
Arkansas and two in Georgia. A team from the USDA's civil rights office was in
Georgia last week, officials said Tuesday.

Those cases were among several complaints of discrimination the department
received. Many of the complainants declined to cooperate with investigators.

Last April, a federal judge approved the settlement of a class-action lawsuit
alleging that USDA had regularly denied black farmers loans and other
assistance.

Some farmers have declined to participate in the settlement.

On Tuesday, about 120 people marched around the department's headquarters.
Later, 14 of the farmers met with Rosalind Gray, director of the civil rights
office.

Gray said some employees have been fired or disciplined.

John Boyd, president of the National Black Farmers Association, said he has
received complaints from producers who say they were told by department
officials that they didn't need disaster grants or loans because they were
benefiting from the settlement.

The agency distributed $ 2-billion in aid this summer for weather-related losses
that farmers had suffered in previous years.

Judge denies request to

end race-based busing

BOSTON - Quashing a bid by a group of white parents to end race-based student
assignment in Boston public schools by September, a federal judge ruled Tuesday
that racial formulas will still be used to send students to school next month.

The ruling, however, will not affect the Boston School Committee's recent vote
to rid the school district of race-based student assignment by the fall of 2000.

Saying that the "onerous" task of reassigning as many as 20,000 students within
five weeks would be too detrimental to parents, students and school staff, U.S.
District Judge Nancy Gertner denied the parents' request.

NASA revises cause

of launch short circuit

New findings Tuesday prompted NASA to change its mind about the cause of the
electrical short that occurred during last month's launch of the shuttle
Columbia.

The short that disrupted the computer-like controllers on two of the shuttle's
three rocket engines was likely caused by a blow to a wire beneath the payload
bay, said James Hartsfield, a NASA shuttle program spokesman.

NASA said Monday that engineers had determined the short occurred 5 seconds
after liftoff because insulation from the wire had been chafed away over time
against a screw head.

Experts, however, changed their mind Tuesday after reviewing the results of an
analysis with an electron microscope.

"From looking at it with the electron microscope the indentations in the wire
were a telltale sign that it was really an impact type of damage," Hartsfield
said. The short could have developed at any time since Columbia was
manufactured, he said, adding, "They really don't know when it could have
happened."

Texas executes man

in teller's slaying

HUNTSVILLE, Texas - A ninth-grade dropout who shot a bank teller to death the
day after she picked out her wedding dress was executed by injection on Tuesday.

Kenneth Dwayne Dunn, 39, was the third man executed in Texas in the last week
and the 19th this year. Three more are set to die in the next eight days.

On March 17, 1980, Dunn walked into a Houston-area bank where he had been seen
before as a customer. This time he was armed with a .357-caliber Magnum revolver
and demanded money from each teller.

Witnesses said 21-year-old Madeline Peters was on the phone and unaware of the
robbery. When Dunn reached her window and ordered her to put cash in a bag, she
responded, "What?"

He fired, killing her with one shot to her head. He fled with almost $ 12,000.

"Her wedding dress was in a box open behind her," prosecutor Joe Magliolo
recalled Tuesday.

Boy Scout recovering

from mauling by bear

A sleeping Boy Scout was dragged from his tent by a black bear at a northern
Wisconsin camp and severely mauled before campers scared the bear off.

Matthew Murphy, 14, of Ashland, Wis., was in serious condition with a dislocated
shoulder and bite wounds to his head and shoulder. He is expected to make a full
recovery.

The boy was sleeping about 6:30 a.m. Monday in a tent at Tomahawk Scout
Reservation camp when a bear grabbed the tent and hauled it and the boy about 80
feet.

Matthew's father threw a rock at the bear, which retreated. But it came toward
him, and he threw a log at the animal, forcing it to climb a tree. After the boy
was carried to safety, the bear began tearing up the tent again.

Suspect in railroad

killings indicted again

LEXINGTON, Ky. - Angel Maturino Resendiz, suspected of being the "railroad
killer," has been indicted in the 1997 killing of a University of Kentucky
student.

Fayette County prosecutors said they will seek the death penalty for Resendiz,
who was indicted Monday by a grand jury in the slaying of Christopher Maier, 21,
on railroad tracks near the Kentucky campus. He also was charged with the rape
and beating of Maier's girlfriend.

Authorities have linked Resendiz to nine slayings. He is charged with seven,
including two in Illinois and four in Texas.

Seat belt law proposed

for Calif. farm workers

SACRAMENTO, Calif. - In the aftermath of Monday's crash that killed 13 migrant
workers in the San Joaquin Valley, emergency legislative reforms were proposed
Tuesday that include a bill to require safety belts on farm labor vans.

"These accidents are almost as predictable as the harvests in the valley," said
Assemblyman Dean Florez, a Democrat from the valley.

Florez and Democratic Assemblywoman Sarah Reyes of Fresno proposed a package of
emergency bills to crack down on what they characterized as a worker transport
system desperately in need of tighter regulation.

 The two Latino freshmen legislators scrambled to draft the bills one day after
the tomato workers were killed when the long van they were riding in smashed
into a semitrailer truck on a country road in Fresno County.


LOAD-DATE: August 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              84 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           August 25, 1993, Wednesday

DEATHS ELSEWHERE Jeanne Yeutter, Ex-agriculture official's wife

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section C; Page 6

LENGTH: 186 words


McLean, Va. - Jeanne Yeutter, 62, wife of former U.S. Agriculture Secretary
Clayton Yeutter, died of an apparent heart attack Monday at her home here. Her
husband was agriculture secretary in the Bush administration.

William E. DeLoach, Congressional aide

Columbia, S.C. - William E. DeLoach, 46, a chief aide to U.S. Rep. James E.
Clyburn, died of AIDS-related pneumonia Monday at his home here. Mr. DeLoach is
a former consultant and lobbyist.

L. Charles Scorsese, Film director's father

New York City - L. Charles Scorsese, 80, a retired garment worker who became an
actor and appeared in films directed by his son, Martin Scorsese, died Monday at
New York University Hospital. The elder Mr. Scorsese had parts in his son's
movies "Goodfellas," "Raging Bull," "The King of Comedy," "The Color of Money"
and "Cape Fear."

Dinmukhamed Kunayev, Former Politburo member

Alma Ata, Kazakhstan - Dinmukhamed Kunayev, 81, a former member of the Soviet
Union's ruling Politburo, died here Sunday. A native of Kazakhstan, he was a
close associate of the late Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev.

From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932380050

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              85 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 2, 2015 Sunday

Farmers markets heralded as 'engines of growth'

BYLINE: Justin Horwath, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 535 words


Aug. 02--State and federal agriculture officials declared this week National
Farmers Market Week at the Railyard on Saturday.

Anne Alonzo, who heads efforts at U.S. Department of Agriculture to help farmers
market crops, said that out of 8,500 farmers markets across the nation, the
federal agency chose to introduce the proclamation -- made by U.S Secretary of
Agriculture Tom Vilsack -- at the Santa Fe's Farmers Market because it's a
"thriving and a model market with over 5,000 customers a day."

"These are really engines of growth and they really produce a lot of foot
traffic," she said of farmers markets.

Alonzo said one of the agency's priorities is assisting local farming. Last
year, local food sales topped $11.6 billion across the country, she said.

In the past six years, the USDA has pumped $9.7 billion into various program in
New Mexico, Alonzo said, including $500,000 to eight projects in New Mexico last
year that went to groups such as the Santa Fe Farmers Market Institute, the
nonprofit that runs the market.

The New Mexico Department of Agriculture awarded the Santa Fe Farmers Market
Institute $400,000 to help farmers markets across the state administer the
Double-Up Food Bucks program. The program doubles benefits for food-aid
recipients up to a certain amount, if they spend the aid at a farmers market.

In 2009, food-benefit spending through Supplemental Nutrition Assistance
Program, formerly known as food stamps, at local farmers markets was $4 million,
Alonzo said. That number increased to $18 million last year, she said.

Jeff Witte, the secretary for the New Mexico Department of Agriculture, said
"money was tight" at the state Legislature during the last session, but the
$400,000 allocation aimed at helping markets administer the Double-Up Food Bucks
program made it through.

Witte, named secretary of the department by Republican Gov. Susana Martinez,
said in an interview after the event that he hasn't followed the Martinez
administration's proposal to impose more work-related requirements on food-aid
recipients.

"I think there's a lot of things that need to be evaluated," as Martinez's Human
Services Department creates the new rules, he said.

He told the crowd Saturday that the Santa Fe Farmers Markets is one of the
largest in the country -- with over $2 million worth of produce purchased
annually at it. He grew up on a ranch between Santa Fe and Las Vegas, N.M., he
said.

New Mexico has a $4 billion agricultural economy, Witte said.

"But when you add it all up and go to all the farmers markets," he said, "it
multiplies to over $10 billion worth of production in the [agricultural]
sector."

Director of the market Paolo Speirn said growers are facing a new challenge of
supplying food for the market's customers all four seasons.

"When people think of the desert they don't think of growing food" he said. "But
the intense climate has given us very elegant solutions to agricultural
problems. Things like the acequia system."

Justin Horwath can be reached at 986-3017 or jhorwath@sfnewmexican.com

___ (c)2015 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150802-SF-Farmers-markets-heralded-as-engines-of-growth-0802-20150802

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2015 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              86 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 3, 1993, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Agriculture chief seeks more aid for farmers

BYLINE: Sandra Sanchez

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 295 words


Disaster aid checks will be sent to flood-stricken Midwest farmers within two
weeks after Congress approves flood funding, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike
Espy said Monday.

Speaking at a Washington, D.C., farm conference, Espy said he'll push Congress
for more funding for farmers. Currently disaster payments are limited to 50% of
crop loss.

The formula has angered some farmers who say it does not figure in current
inflated prices, and actually would equate to 21 cents per dollar for what lost
crops now would bring at market.

Espy also pledged to lower future crop insurance costs.

A $ 4.7 billion flood aid bill is pending in the Senate.

Singer Willie Nelson, head of FARM AID, asked Espy "to change government
policies so that family farmers can once again make a decent living."

After the meeting, Nelson returned to his bus to find a $ 150 parking ticket.

Also Monday:

IN WASHINGTON: The House voted to ease federal banking regulations for flood
victims to pay back loans. The bill temporarily lifts banking regulations in the
flood area to encourage borrowing and prevent foreclosures. The bill, which also
allows victims to qualify for more credit, heads to the Senate.

BACK TO WORK: Missouri Gov. Mel Carnahan has ordered state workers in Jefferson
City to return to work today, although several roads and bridges remain closed.
Workers living north of the Missouri River had been on paid leave since Friday.

PLANT WORKING: The sewage plant in St. Joseph, Mo., resumed partial operation
for the first time in nearly three weeks. About 20 million gallons of raw sewage
had been dumped daily into the Missouri River since floodwaters forced the plant
to close July 14. Also, a boil order was lifted on drinking water for 85,000
residents.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MIDWEST FLOODS; See related stories; 01A, 02A

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              87 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 11, 2012 Friday

Food program aids seniors

BYLINE: Kate Giammarise, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 579 words


May 11--For 67-year-old Carl Smarage, who is living on a limited Social Security
income, every dollar counts.

So last year, the East Toledoan called Toledo Area Ministries seeking
information about food pantries where he could get assistance.

"The next thing you know, I'm eligible for food stamps and some medical
assistance for my medications," he said.

Mr. Smarage now receives $58 in food stamps monthly.

"That $58 allows me to buy some things I wouldn't normally buy," he said. On
Thursday, Mr. Smarage, a retiree, stocked up on such basics as noodles, eggs,
and margarine using his food assistance.

Toledo Area Ministries was one of six agencies nationally to receive a grant
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture in 2009 for a pilot program to increase
food-stamp outreach among senior citizens.

The agency hopes the techniques it is using can serve as a national model for
other groups.

RELATED ARTICLE: Farmers markets get U.S. aid to accept food-benefit cards

Nationally, just 34 percent of eligible individuals age 60 and older received
food-stamp benefits in federal fiscal year 2009, according to the Agriculture
Department, which administers the program.

"We saw an opportunity to really make an impact in Lucas County," said Jim
Brenizer, Toledo Area Ministries' director of meeting human need.

Seniors often don't have accurate information about the program, may be
concerned about the application process, or believe others, such as families
with young children, are more in need of assistance than themselves.

Toledo Area Ministries, which runs more than a dozen area food pantries, had
surveyed its pantry clients and found, in line with national trends, that many
seniors who were eligible for food stamps were not receiving them.

The organization's $500,000 grant is used to help screen potentially eligible
seniors and help the clients fill out applications. Other pilot programs funded
by the Ag Department targeted the elderly in Michigan and Pennsylvania.

"A lot of [seniors] ... are used to being very frugal and are not looking for
anything they see as a handout," said Justin Moor, vice president of planning
and program development at the Area Office on Aging, which is helping connect
some of the seniors it serves to Toledo Area Ministries.

Kathy Keller, a spokesman for AARP Ohio, said food stamps, now known as SNAP, or
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, can be a help to seniors on limited
incomes. "It can really be important in many ways," Ms. Keller said.

Education for these seniors is critical, she said, such as letting them know the
benefits are loaded onto an electronic card that looks similar to a debit card
and are not actually stamps.

In Lucas County, the number of people over age 60 receiving food assistance has
increased in recent years, as it has for all age groups. In 2009, 4,915 Lucas
County residents were using food assistance, and about 7,200 are using them now,
according to the county's Job and Family Services office.

Anna Bolden, another senior who has taken advantage of the program, said the $16
she receives each month is helpful.

"That's enough to buy a gallon of milk and a packet of meat," said the retiree.
"It has made a difference, it really has."

For more information, call Toledo Area Ministries at 419-242-7401.

Contact Kate Giammarise at: kgiammarise@theblade.com or 419-724-6091.

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120511-TO-HLT-Food-program-aids-seniors-0511-20120511

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade


                              88 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                              May 16, 2006 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Lucas pushes disaster relief for farmers

BYLINE: Chris Casteel, Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 409 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Fearing that agricultural aid will be cut out of an emergency
spending bill, Rep. Frank Lucas has authored disaster relief legislation that
will cover farmers and ranchers hurt by a variety of weather-related problems.

Lucas, R-Cheyenne, said his bill would cost an estimated $3.6 billion and cover
hurricane related damage in Southern states, as well as losses caused by
wildfires and the lack of rain for winter wheat production.

"It would address Mother Nature's disasters," said Lucas, whose sprawling
district covers many of the state's farming areas.

The Senate approved more than $4 billion in aid to farmers and ranchers as part
of an emergency spending bill covering war needs and hurricane relief. However,
the Senate bill is about $14 billion more than the White House requested, and
the president has vowed to veto any emergency spending legislation that tops his
request.

Fuel cost aid at risk

Lucas said the Senate aid for agriculture producers -- which includes a 30
percent boost in the annual marketing transition payments for qualifying farmers
-- is vulnerable because of the president's threat.

He said the Senate boost in the annual payments for farmers was intended to
offset rising fuel costs, but that it would likely be a tough sell to Congress
that one industry needs help with a problem facing many other large industries.

Sen. Conrad Burns, a Montana Republican who included the agriculture aid in the
Senate bill, said recently, "We can't ignore the impact this is having on
agriculture. Every time we go to the pumps these days, we see what happens when
America becomes dependent on foreign oil. I don't want to see a day when we have
ignored agriculture to the point that we are also dependent on foreign food."

Lucas, a high-ranking member of the House Agriculture Committee, said his
proposal would allow farmers to get aid for a 2005 or a 2006 disaster. In
Oklahoma, he said, there would be people who qualify for help because of
wildfire destruction but that the "biggest single loss" in the state has been to
the winter wheat crop.

"It just didn't rain enough at the right time," he said, adding that the crop
was a total loss for many farmers.

He acknowledged his legislation may be tough to push through in tightening
budget times.

"It's a lot of money," he said. "But when you look at the magnitude of winter
wheat crop losses, hurricane damage and drought, it's been a hard year for
production agriculture."

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            October 4, 1994, Tuesday

Feds to cull farmers who cheat Abused aid agency gets tougher after false
disaster claims

BYLINE: By Jingle Davis STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section C; Page 4

LENGTH: 494 words


Steps are being taken to weed out farmers who attempt to collect federal aid for
crop disasters that never occurred, according to the Mitchell County farmer who
chairs a statewide federal agriculture committee.

James Lee Adams, chairman of the Agriculture Conservation and Stabilization
Committee, said farmers will have to do more than fill in the blanks on forms in
order to receive federal disaster aid in the future.

"I think you will see a lot stronger enforcement of the existing regulations,
and farmers will have to document their losses better," he said. "There won't be
any more of this waiting six to 18 months to report crop losses."

Farmers also will be ordered to repay funds that were improperly received, he
added.

Investigators have uncovered widespread instances of fraud and mismanagement in
a federal farm aid program, according to new reports from the federal
Agriculture Department and a U.S. Senate committee. The program has provided
billions of dollars to farmers who suffered crop losses in disasters such as the
Midwest floods in 1993 and Hurricane Andrew in 1992.

Almost $ 2 million of the bogus aid claims came from a handful of South Georgia
farmers who grow squash and other vegetables in Colquitt, Mitchell, Sumter,
Thomas and Ware counties.

Employees fired in 2 counties

In at least two of the counties, the directors and other employees of ACSC
offices who assisted farmers in applying for the federal aid have been fired as
a result of the ongoing investigation.

Ron Lanier, former executive director of the Mitchell County ACSC office, said
he will appeal his dismissal, claiming he was "unfairly targeted" by federal
investigators.

Lanier claims he was directed by superiors to pay more than $ 1 million in
disaster aid claims for crops allegedly lost between 1988 and 1990.

A federal grand jury in Macon recently joined the investigation into aid paid to
Georgia growers, Adams said.

Some farmers "planted and planned" to defraud the government by deliberately
overstating crop losses, planting seeds they knew would not germinate or simply
allowing crops to rot in the fields when market prices dropped, according to
Adams.

"There were some farmers who made honest mistakes in reporting their losses, and
some cases where farmers facing financial ruin overreached," he said. "But there
were cases where well-off farmers got greedy and you can't justify that at all."

More crop disaster claims are expected from Georgia farmers this year because of
devastating flooding that struck the state in July. Drenching rains which swept
across South Georgia this weekend also drowned fields where cotton and other
crops were ready for harvesting.

Although results of the federal investigation recently have been made public,
Adams said he and other farmers have suspected for several years that a few
growers were claiming aid they did not deserve.

"In small agricultural towns, there are no secrets," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942790280

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              90 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           September 27, 1996, Friday

US CUTBACKS FOR AID PROGRAM GO AGAINST TEXAS PORTS' GRAIN

BYLINE: KEVIN G. HALL; JOURNAL OF COMMERCE STAFF

SECTION: TRANSPORTATION, Pg. 12B

LENGTH: 557 words

DATELINE: CORPUS CHRISTI, Texas


Cuts in money available for humanitarian shipments of grain, whether due to
peace breaking out or Republican budget slashers in Congress, mean less business
for Texas ports.

Over the past two years, the U.S. Agriculture Department's Food for Peace
program has seen a sharp tumble, falling from a high over the last five years of
246,470 110-pound bags in 1994 to 97,740 bags projected for this fiscal year -
which ends Sept. 30.

PROGRAM'S TONNAGE OFF

Tonnage in the Food for Peace program - a program that provides important
revenue for private and public terminals along the Gulf of Mexico - also fell
this year. It went from a five-year high last year of 809,114 metric tons to
499,858 metric tons with a week to go in the current fiscal year.

The USDA's Kansas City, Mo., commodities office, responsible for humanitarian
relief exports, said that, while the Food for Peace program has declined, total
levels of grain aid have not fallen sharply. The Kansas City office this year
has arranged emergency aid shipments to Russia and North Korea, said Donna
Testerman, division chief of the export operations division.

But less Food for Peace aid is translating to less cargo on Texas docks.

''It's been cut back along with other cutbacks in federal programs so we're not
doing a lot of the humanitarian aid that we used to do,'' said John P. LaRue,
executive director of the Port of Corpus Christi.

BUSINESS NOT PROFITABLE

In Corpus Christi, Uncle Sam's increased frugality in grain donations has meant
that bulk grain shipments have dropped off from 300,000 metric tons of bagged
grain in 1994 to 120,000 tons last year to an expected 50,000 tons this year.

''Next year it will be 20,000, I guess. It's not a business we see our future
in,'' Mr. LaRue said. ''And the pricing on it got so ridiculously low. There
were so many people competing for a smaller and smaller market that some people
were bidding on it at almost no profit.''

In Texas, tough competition and union issues also have changed the playing
field. Pricing wars and labor problems contributed to the closure this year of a
private terminal in Galveston. It went bust in a roughly one-year period and its
equipment is now on the auction blocks. The Port of Houston's Jacinto Port
terminal has gobbled up the majority of government grain exports, partly because
of the lower costs as a nonunion operation.

'A PHILOSOPHICAL CHANGE'

With Galveston out of the running and Houston logging most of the grain bagging
operations, Corpus Christi has opted to focus more on bulk grain shipments in
general, Mr. LaRue said. Through August, grain tonnage was at 515,708 metric
tons - a healthy 17 percent increase over the same six months last year.

''We made a philosophical change and went back to more of a bulk export
operation, and we've been successful on that,'' Mr. LaRue said. ''Even though
the local crop was probably the worst in a long time, our elevator tonnage is
way up.''

The shifting away from bagging was a move that needed to be done immediately, he
said.

''We realized that if we kept going the way we were - trying to get bagging when
the market wasn't there - that just wasn't going to work,'' the port chief said.
''We were losing so much money we would have been out of the elevator business
by the end of this year.''

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: State hubs are feeling the pinch as Uncle Sam trims humanitarian

                  Copyright 1996 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              91 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      OCTOBER 7, 1999 Thursday SF EDITION

2 SENATORS: REGION IS HURT ON FARM AID

BYLINE: Chris Mondics, INQUIRER WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A29

LENGTH: 553 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Sens. Rick Santorum (R., Pa.) and Robert G. Torricelli (D., N.J.) charged
yesterday that an $8 billion agriculture appropriations bill before Congress
badly shortchanges the mid-Atlantic region, providing too little assistance for
farmers hurt by the summer drought and Hurricane Floyd's flooding.

Santorum described the attitude of other regions' lawmakers as "oink, oink, we
want more for us."

He and Torricelli blamed lawmakers from the South and Midwest, who dominate the
agriculture committees of the House and the Senate, for targeting a
disproportionately higher share of agriculture aid to those regions.

"We are constantly fighting to have some sort of balance in this Congress, but
as long as I can remember, agriculture policy has been written primarily for the
Southeast and the Midwest," Santorum said at a Capitol Hill news conference with
Torricelli. "This bill is more pork for the Southeast and the Midwest but
provides only a bone for the mid-Atlantic and the Northeast. That's not
acceptable.

"We have a serious problem here and the response that we get is 'oink, oink, we
want more for us,' " Santorum added.

Torricelli and Santorum said they still hoped to persuade Senate leaders to
agree to amendments that would take care of the mid-Atlantic region. But they
threatened to try a filibuster if Senate leaders declined to send the bill back
to committee for amendments.

If the bill passes, they said, they would urge President Clinton to veto it. A
Senate vote on the farm aid measure is expected by next week.

Yesterday, Torricelli also released a letter he had written to Clinton
contending that many families could be forced off their farms without additional
federal aid.

"While most attention has been focused on the Midwest and Southeast regions of
our nation, farmers from the mid-Atlantic region and northeast states are facing
as dire a situation as their counterparts in the farm belt," Torricelli wrote.
"Rainfall across the region reached record lows, and data indicates that
millions of acres on thousands of farms sustained crop damage ranging from 30
percent to 100 percent."

The measure that the two senators criticized is a House-Senate conference bill
calling for $8 billion in aid to farmers nationwide, the bulk of it aimed at
price supports for farmers in the South and Midwest for peanut, sugar and
tobacco crops, among others.

A total of $1.2 billion is set aside for grants to farmers around the country
who suffered crop loss due to flooding, drought, or other natural disasters.
Torricelli contended that was far too little, noting that Secretary of
Agriculture Dan Glickman had estimated crop losses in the Northeast and
mid-Atlantic region alone at $2 billion.

"Natural disasters have inflicted as much damage to farms in the Northeast as
the drop in the commodities market has inflicted on Midwestern farms that are
getting the lion's share of the aid," Torricelli said. "New Jersey has always
been supportive of other states in need. We expect to receive the same
consideration in return."

Senate leaders had originally scheduled a vote on the bill for yesterday but
postponed action. Torricelli and Santorum said they wanted to try to persuade
the leaders to send the bill back to the conference committee for amendments.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 26, 2014 Monday

Michigan: Departmental Analyst 9-P11 7901-14-AID-007

LENGTH: 269  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Department of Civil Services Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the
following job announcement:

7901-14-AID-007
Job Title:  Departmental Analyst 9-P11
Closing Date/Time:  Mon. 05/26/14 11:59 PM Eastern Time
Salary:  $17.98 - $29.26 hourly
Job Type:  Permanent Full Time
Bargaining Unit:  NON-EXCLUSIVE REPRESENTED EMPLOYEE (NERE)
Location:  Lansing, Michigan
Department:  Agriculture and Rural Development
The Animal Industry Division (AID) of the Michigan Department of Agriculture and
Rural Development is committed to protecting animal health in order to safeguard
animal agriculture, the food supply, public health, and animal well-being. The
purpose of this position is to be the professional resource for assessing,
planning, process improvement and implementing various division program projects
and services including but not limited to project management within the Business
Office in AID.  This position is responsible for assisting management in the
development and implementation of Division technology projects and providing
input on program planning and policy development in order to assist AID
management and representing the Division at meetings.
 Required Education and Experience:
Education
Possession of a bachelor's degree in any major.

Experience

Departmental Analyst 9
No specific type or amount is required.

Departmental Analyst 10
One year of professional experience.

Departmental Analyst P11
Two years of professional experience, including one year of experience
equivalent to the intermediate (10) level in state service

For further information please visit: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/michigan

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                           December 16, 2008 Tuesday

The Daily Record News Briefs: December 16, 2008

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1128  words


Celsion, Tokyo firm ink deal

Celsion Corp., of Columbia, a biotechnology company dedicated to the development
and commercialization of heat-activated treatment systems for cancer, announced
the execution of definitive agreements with Yakult Honsha Co. Ltd., of Tokyo, a
pharmaceutical, food, beverage and cosmetics company, involving
commercialization of Celsion's proprietary ThermoDox drug delivery platform to
the Japanese market. Under the agreements, Yakult will pay Celsion an immediate
$2.5 million, followed by an $18 million payment upon approval by Japanese
authorities of ThermoDox for the treatment of primary liver cancer. Additional
milestone payments are tied to the achievement of certain levels of sales and
other indications.

Mortgage rates reduced

The Maryland Department of Housing and Community Development announced that the
interest rates for Maryland Mortgage Program products have been reduced by 0.75
percent. The rate reductions, covering both 30-year and 40-year amortizing
loans, are effective for loans reserved on or after Dec. 8, 2008. The program
helps first-time, low- and moderate-income home buyers access low-interest loans
from private lenders. The department said the rate reductions do not apply to
either the Lifeline Refinance Mortgage Program or the Homesaver Refinance
Mortgage Program, which the state created to help some homeowners with subprime
or other exotic mortgages avoid foreclosure.

AIDS program gets HUD grant

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development announced a nearly $1.37
million grant to AIDS Interfaith Residential Services Inc., a Baltimore program
that will provide permanent housing and critically needed support to persons
living with HIV/AIDS. AIDS Interfaith will use the grant to undertake its AIDS
Permanent Housing program in the Baltimore metropolitan area, which is designed
to target underserved populations. The program will provide tenant-based rental
assistance to approximately 26 households, in addition to a range of supportive
services focused on medical adherence, income stabilization and growth, and
family support.

Agriculture agency's agenda

The Maryland Department of Agriculture laid out its legislative agenda for the
upcoming General Assembly session. Departmental priorities include bills to
improve the effectiveness of the Maryland Agricultural Land Preservation
Foundation; bring the Maryland Seed Law into uniformity with federal
requirements; give veterinary students more hands-on experience under the
supervision of a veterinarian; and repeal the Tobacco Authority, a program that
has not been operational since 2006.

Challenges facing consumers

Context-Based Research Group, a research firm specializing in ethnography - the
study of human cultures - and Carton Donofrio Partners Inc., a full-service
advertising and marketing communications firm, both of Baltimore, released a
report, "Grounding the American Dream: A Cultural Study on the Future of
Consumerism in a Changing Economy. " The study, based on research conducted in
October and November in New York City, Baltimore, Miami, San Antonio and
Lexington, Ky., identifies a five-step process that consumers undergo as they
struggle, cope and rebuild their lives amidst the faltering "American Dream. "
To download the study, go to www.groundedconsumer.com.

GXS' Swiss connection

GXS Inc., of Gaithersburg, which operates one of the world's largest
business-to-business e-commerce services, and Swiss Commercial Capital, of
Zurich, Switzerland, a provider of expertise in the structuring and execution of
cross-border trade finance programs, announced a strategic partnership. GXS
Trading Grid, GXS' global integration services platform, will provide electronic
integration of Swiss Commercial Capital's trade finance platform to facilitate
the exchange of purchase orders, invoices, transportation documents and cash
flow data.

ARINC's ammunition tracker

ARINC Inc., of Annapolis, a provider of communications and information
processing systems for the aviation and transportation industries, and Impeva
Labs Inc., of Mountain View, Calif., said they have been awarded a contract by
the U.S. Army Logistics Innovation Agency to install and demonstrate their
satellite-based Next Generation Wireless Communications tracking, security and
monitoring capability on containerized shipments of arms, ammunition and
explosives. The NGWC capability protects shipments by continuously monitoring
their locations and cargo conditions, and reporting as necessary over a
satellite network from any point on Earth.

RSV study I

The Johns Hopkins Children's Center announced that a research team led by its
scientists figured out why a respiratory syncytial virus vaccine used in 1966 to
inoculate children against the infection instead caused severe respiratory
disease and effectively stopped efforts to make a better one. RSV is the most
common cause of respiratory infections in infants and young children and is the
greatest cause of hospitalization in children less than 24 months of age. The
findings, published online Sunday in Nature Medicine, could restart work on
effective killed-virus vaccines not only for RSV but other respiratory viruses,
researchers said. To date, there is no vaccine against RSV.

RSV study II

Separately, MedImmune Inc., of Gaithersburg, a biotechnology company focused on
developing and manufacturing products to combat infectious disease, autoimmune
disease and cancer, and SDI Health LLC, of Plymouth Meeting, Mass., announced
the publication of a study on the variances of the RSV season among major U.S.
metropolitan areas. The study is published in the December issue of The
Pediatric Infectious Disease Journal.

Nutter takes on Del. work

A community planning firm in Salisbury is working with representatives of West
Rehoboth, Del., to revitalize the area. Nutter Associates will present proposals
for improvements to streets, neighborhoods and infrastructure in January. The
plan will be used to seek grant money. The West Side New Beginnings Coalition
paid Nutter $20,000 for the analysis. Coalition member Doc Roberts said the
community wants a coin-operated laundry, a general store and a restaurant. He
said some residents would love to see a bigger community center, a new
playground and new sidewalks.

Loan risk software unveiled

CMSI Group Inc., of Columbia, a developer of technology for automating credit
operations and mitigating credit risk, unveiled the first of two software
applications and services for assessing the underlying credit-loss risk of a
lender's loan portfolio. CMSI's credit underwriting software, eValuate, has been
tailored to provide lenders with the ability to re-evaluate each loan in their
portfolios based on an existing or updated set of credit policies.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Analyst

                                 March 11, 2013

Church Aid Receives 100,000 Packets of Vegetable Seeds

LENGTH: 663 words


Church Aid Inc (CAI), the relief and development department of the New Water in
the Desert Apostolic Pentecostal Church, announced the arrival of a consignment
of 100,000 packets of vegetable seeds into Liberia with a retailed value of half
a Million United States Dollars. The seeds were purchased and shipped by Seeds
Program International based in Charlotte, North Carolina with the assistance of
collaborating partners and cleared with the assistance duty-free privilege from
the Office of the President of Liberia.

The seeds are in 14 varieties to include okra, pepper, collard, cucumber, onion,
eggplant, melon, lettuce, and mustard, amongst others and will be used to
support individual and community gardens to help rebuild personal economies and
boost food security.

With agriculture as the base to potentially resolve unemployment in the country,
Church Aid is calling on all Liberians "to sow seeds to fight hunger". With the
FAO of the United Nations predicting shortfalls in agriculture production due to
the 25% reduction in our production capacity, it behooves all Liberians to turn
to the soil and avert a future epoch of hunger in the country. The civil war
devastated the country and uprooted the farming population. Intermittent
attempts to salvage the agriculture sector are beginning to show some signs of
improvement but much is still desired. The following sub-programs will be
pursued in utilizing the seeds:

General Distribution (GD): To cover distribution to individual farmers and field
organizations through NGOs, Government, etc.

Special Distribution: To cover schools through churches, orphanages, communities
through community agriculture groups, etc. School Gardens: To support school
gardens involving both public and private schools with aim of exposing children
food security initiatives and complementing school feeding basket in schools
where such programs exist.

Seed Programs International has supplied approximately 1 million packets of
vegetable seeds for humanitarian gardening programs in Liberia since 1998.  More
than half a million packets of these seeds have been distributed by Church Aid
Inc.

All the vegetable seed shipped to Liberia is selected for its suitability for
the tropical growing conditions encountered there.  All selections must meet the
appropriate day-length requirements and, when possible, have appropriate heat
and disease tolerance for these growing conditions.  Selections are made by the
Ph.D. horticulturist on staff in consultation with several members of the SPI
Board of Directors who have extensive experience in the international vegetable
seed industry.  Our partners often choose the vegetables to be included in the
seed assortments based on local requirements and cultural preferences.  In the
fourteen years SPI has shipped seed to Liberia we have never received a report
of seed that failed to grow due to adaptation problems.

Church Aid and Seed Programs International seek to ship only seed that meets
commercial vegetable industry standards for germination and purity.  Germination
is tested at least annually by independent certified seed testing laboratories,
and only seed with germination above 80% (usually much higher) is shipped to our
partners.  Each major shipment of seed has undergone germination testing by the
Ministry of Agriculture upon arrival in Liberia, and only one seed lot was found
to fall below their standards in the last 14 years.  Seed packets are sealed in
plastic bags to prevent moisture intrusion, and instructions on seed storage and
handling are included with each shipment.

Church Aid partners do not accept or distribute any seed containing genetically
modified material.  Currently there is only one vegetable available in the
United States with genetically modified material (a summer squash with genes for
disease resistance).  Such seeds are produced only in limited quantities,
require advance orders, and are too expensive for donation for humanitarian
programs.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 31, 2004 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

Snowe, Collins seek aid for apple growers hurt by winter kill

BYLINE: SHARON KILEY MACK OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A5

LENGTH: 450 words

DATELINE: PITTSFIELD


Maine's U.S. senators are pressing U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Ann
Veneman for aid for the state's apple growers, some of whom were hard hit by
losses due to winter kill - losses that are affecting this fall's harvest.

Even if aid is available, however, it is hardly going to help, Marilyn Meyerhans
of Fairfield, president of Maine's Pomological Society, said. "It would amount
to only $10 a tree," she said Monday.

The USDA's Farm Service Agency in Maine has estimated that apple growers in the
state could qualify for $400,000 in federal assistance unless the funding
already has been spent elsewhere.

"It appears that all of the funds appropriated for 2004 have already been
allocated to other specific disaster areas," Snowe and Collins said in a
statement. The senators' letter to Veneman asks her to distribute money to
Maine's apple growers if any funds are available.

To qualify for aid, a producer must sustain a 20 percent or higher loss.
Meyerhans said Maine producers are attempting to link with other states to pack
some increased punch into their aid request.

The orchard losses weren't evident until this spring, and although the damage
varied from orchard to orchard, it appears that some apple growers sustained
sizable ruin.

Most Maine orchards plant dwarf or semidwarf varieties, which grow quickly and
yield heavily, but also are susceptible to frigid winters such as the one just
experienced.

"It depended on which way the wind blew," Meyerhans said. Meyerhans and her
husband, Steven Meyerhans, operate orchards in Fairfield and Manchester.

"In one orchard, winter took an entire row while the row next to it was
untouched," she said. "Where the trees were not protected by snow, the cold was
deep and fast this winter."

With more than 3,500 acres under cultivation, apples bring more than $15 million
into the state annually.

Meyerhans said the results of this fall's harvest are just as capricious. "Some
orchards are loaded [with apples], while some have nothing," she noted.

When spring blossoms began falling off trees or when no blossoms appeared at
all, Maine's orchard operators began assessing the toll.

In some places, such as Auburn and Turner, the lack of snow and severe cold
decimated the orchards, while just a few miles north in Newport, Madison and
Etna, no damage was reported.

Peter Wallingford of Auburn estimated he lost 25 percent of his 4,000 apple
trees and 100 percent of his peach trees. Don Ricker of Ricker Orchards in
Turner said this spring that he was counting dead trees by the thousands.

Meyerhans recommends checking with individual orchards before heading out to
pick apples this fall. Pick-your-own operations are listed at
www.maineapples.org.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Bangor Daily News


                              96 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            October 4, 1994, Tuesday

Feds get tough on farmers after false disaster claims

BYLINE: By Jingle Davis STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section C; Page 3

LENGTH: 212 words


Steps are being taken to weed out farmers who attempt to collect federal aid for
crop disasters that never occurred, according to the Mitchell County farmer who
chairs a statewide federal agriculture committee.

James Lee Adams, chairman of the Agriculture Conservation and Stabilization
Committee, said farmers will have to do more than fill in the blanks on forms in
order to receive federal disaster aid.

"I think you will see a lot stronger enforcement of the existing regulations,
and farmers will have to document their losses better," he said. "There won't be
any more of this waiting six to 18 months to report crop losses."

Farmers also will be ordered to repay funds that were improperly received, he
added.

Investigators have uncovered widespread instances of fraud and mismanagement in
a federal farm aid program, according to new reports from the federal
Agriculture Department and a U.S. Senate committee. The program has provided
billions of dollars to farmers who suffered crop losses in disasters such as the
Midwest floods in 1993 and Hurricane Andrew in 1992.

Almost $ 2 million of the bogus aid claims came from a handful of South Georgia
farmers who grow squash and other vegetables in Colquitt, Mitchell, Sumter,
Thomas and Ware counties.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942790278

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              97 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           August 11, 1993, Wednesday

Georgia farmers ready to reap federal drought aid

BYLINE: By Jingle Davis STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 370 words


Southern farmers who watched their crops shrivel and die in the long drought
this summer welcomed Tuesday's announcement by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture that federal aid will be forthcoming.

"We're waiting to see what form it will take," said Judi Lewis, who runs a
Bulloch County farm south of Statesboro with her husband, Eddie, and son Brian.
"Even with low-interest loans, it's hard to borrow your way out of debt."

In Georgia, 154 of 159 counties were declared drought disaster areas by U.S.
Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy. Only Atkinson, Brantley, Brooks, Clinch and
Ware counties in South Georgia were excluded. Rainfall there was adequate.

Also included in Mr. Espy's declaration were most of North Carolina and all of
South Carolina.

The declaration allows farmers to get reimbursement from the disaster aid bill
now awaiting President Clinton's signature. It includes more than $ 2 billion in
direct payments to cover about half of farmers' losses on each crop damaged by
the drought, Agriculture Department spokesman Steve Kinsella said.

In addition, the bill makes farmers eligible for Farmers Home Administration
loans with an interest rate of 4.5 percent.

However, many farmers say they are already in debt and are reluctant to borrow
more money, even at low interest rates.

Each county included in the disaster declaration lost at least 30 percent of one
crop, said Lisa Ray, spokeswoman for Georgia Agriculture Secretary Tommy Irvin.

"So the damage is really widespread," she said.

Spotty rains have brought some relief to some South Georgia areas in the past
week or so, Ms. Ray said.

Mr. Irvin estimated Georgia's overall losses could top $ 500 million, she said,
with Burke and Washington counties among the hardest hit. Officials estimate
statewide drought losses at $ 264 million in South Carolina and $ 161.5 million
in North Carolina.

Mrs. Lewis said it is too early to tell how large her family's losses will be.

"We know we've lost 60 percent of the corn, but we're still waiting to see if
the peanuts will put on a crop," she said. "We do know we're not going to be
able to pay back our loans this year without help."

The Associated Press contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932240265

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              98 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     June 18, 2001 Monday Michigan Edition

Many apple growers accepting federal aid for first time

BYLINE: By SHANNON McCAFFREY; Associated Press Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 611 words


WASHINGTON -- Apple growers soon will be receiving something new in the mail:
checks from the federal government.

For decades, while many American farmers relied on federal aid, apple and other
fruit growers traditionally shunned such support. That is changing now, the
result of an increasingly competitive global apple market, stagnant demand and
destructive storms in parts of the country.

"I think it's a disgrace to take government money, but we can't survive any
other way, so I will," said Edwin Wittenbach, a grower in Belding, Mich.

The $100 million in checks that the Department of Agriculture began issuing last
week to apple growers across the nation is designed to compensate them for
market losses. While growers have received disaster aid in the past because of
severe storms or problems with pests, this year's aid is the first to help
compensate for low prices.

"Our industry has fought valiantly to stay away from these subsidies," said
grower George Lamont, of Albion, N.Y.

"But when you don't have money to pay last year's bills and you don't have money
to buy the spray and other things you need to get this year's season going, you
swallow your pride and cash the check."

About 7,500 growers applied for the aid, according to the U.S. Apple
Association. The maximum award for a grower is $31,000.

In the past three years, $14 billion in such market loss aid has gone to corn,
wheat and other grain growers, primarily in the Midwest.

Apple and potato growers are eligible for an additional $38 million to help
cover losses from problems such as last year's brutal storms in New York's
Hudson Valley that left apple crops too bruised for market.

Such apples typically would be sold for juice or for processing, but that market
has been flooded with concentrate imports from Chile, Mexico, South Africa, New
Zealand, Moldova and China. The imports have depressed prices so much that U.S.
growers say it sometimes does not pay for them to harvest their crop.

China, which only entered the apple market recently, has surpassed the United
States as the world's largest apple producer, churning out four times as many.

The Clinton administration last year accused China of dumping apple concentrate
in the United States at prices below production costs. U.S. growers recently
filed a complaint alleging that foreign competitors were skirting U.S. duties by
shipping through Canada.

Michigan annually vies with New York to be the second-ranking state in the
nation in apple production behind perennial leader Washington. The USDA
estimated that Michigan's 2000 harvest was about 19 million bushels, making it
the state's No. 1 fruit crop.

Whether apple growers should become virtually permanent recipients of federal
aid like grain farmers in the Midwest is still unresolved in Congress. Some
growers are uneasy about the federal checks becoming a rite of springtime.

"I'm hoping that this is a bridge to get us through some difficult times and
that's it," said Larry Olsen, a grower in Prosser, Wash.

Still, last week an additional $150 million in market loss aid for apples was
attached to an agriculture spending bill as it moved through the House
Appropriations Committee. In the Senate, $250 million is being sought.

Kraig Naasz, spokesman for the U.S. Apple Association, says more aid is needed
because the situation for growers has not improved.

"The growers have always wanted to keep Uncle Sam at arm's length, but these are
the worst economic times they've seen in years," Naasz said.

The aid now being distributed was approved last year -- a delay that has left
some growers frustrated.


LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              99 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 28, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

For farmers, food aid is mutual Their income boosted and hungry get relief

BYLINE: Barbara Slavin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 605 words


Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said Tuesday that he has received
a request from Russia for "significant" aid because drought
there has caused the worst grain harvest since the drought after
the death of dictator Josef Stalin in 1953.

"It is in our interest to make sure Russians are fed through
this winter," Glickman said.

Fortunately for Russia and a string of hard-pressed countries
from Afghanistan to Yemen, bumper grain harvests in the USA, Australia,
Europe and elsewhere are more than sufficient to meet the need
-- if the food can be sent in time.


In fact, grain is so abundant that Jim Bishop, head of humanitarian
response for Interaction, a coalition of U.S. relief groups, said
he cannot think of a food emergency that cannot be met by current
supplies.

"It's a bright spot in a dark cloud," said Tom Buis of the National
Farmers Union, which represents 300,000 U.S. farmers and ranchers.

In a move motivated as much by a desire to boost sagging U.S.
farm income as by humanitarian concerns, the Agriculture Department
is buying 2.75 tons of surplus wheat to donate overseas.

Though Russia's needs are still undetermined, Russian officials
have expressed concern about food shortages this winter because
of a poor grain harvest and the slumping value of the ruble, which
makes imports more expensive.

Elsewhere, Indonesia, where nearly a third of the people live
on one meal a day, will receive more than half a million tons.
Bangladesh is getting 385,000. North Korea, where perhaps 1 million
have starved from a famine that began three years ago, will get
330,000.

The American generosity is not unprecedented. In the days of government
price supports for agriculture, U.S. silos were awash in grain,
much of it doled out abroad.

Before 1992, the U.S. was giving 2.2 million tons of grain a year
on top of the 6.6 million tons through the Food for Peace program
that began in 1954, said Ellen Levinson, a Washington lawyer and
consultant to aid groups.

Because tight budgets nearly cut that program in half, she said,
the latest infusion of grain merely returns aid to 1993 levels.

Congress has been tight-fisted with conventional foreign aid,
which has shrunk from nearly $ 20 billion a year to $ 12 billion.
But in this election year, it was sensitive to a measure helping
farmers.

The $ 500 billion budget bill Congress passed last week includes
$ 50 million for the Bill Emerson Humanitarian Trust, a revolving
food reserve named for a late Republican congressman from Missouri,
which will hold up to 4.4 million tons of grain.

Rep. Tony Hall, D-Ohio, chairman of a Democratic task force on
hunger, said the reserve, which will expand the one created in
1996, will mean that "when we have a problem in the world, we
can react more quickly."

"Common sense tells us that it is time to bring together our
oversupply of domestic agricultural products and the growing international
need for food aid," Sen. Joe Biden, D-Del., said earlier on the
Senate floor.

By the end of this fiscal year next September, the Agriculture
Department said, the world will have more than 330 million tons
of surplus grain. Fifty-five million tons will be American, including
26.4 million tons of wheat, twice the surplus the USA had two
years ago. The glut has halved the price of a bushel of wheat
to about $ 2.50.

"There is a mutuality of interest," Glickman said. "The United
States has historically had an interest in feeding hungry people.
I don't think the developed world has responded as aggressively
as it should."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, David Lonsgreath, AP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              100 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   February 28, 1996, Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

Health Watch;
ON THE PULSE

BYLINE: Ann Hardie, Bill Hendrick

SECTION: HEALTH WATCH; Pg. 03E

LENGTH: 487 words


PREVENTING HIV: Doctors might be able to predict whether an HIV- infected
pregnant woman will pass the AIDS virus to her unborn baby by measuring the
level of an acid produced by the human immunodeficiency virus, according to a
study in today's Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA).

Those measurements could help doctors decide whether to prescribe the drug
zidovudine (AZT), shown to greatly reduce the chances of the virus being passed
from mother to baby.

Researchers from the UCLA School of Medicine studied 92 HIV-positive women and
their 97 infants. Forty-two mothers received AZT therapy while they were
pregnant, and during labor or delivery, or both. Eleven infants received AZT six
weeks after delivery.

Of the 20 babies infected with the virus in utero, the mothers were more likely
to have levels of ribonucleic acid (RNA) higher than 50,000 copies per
milliliter of plasma at delivery than mothers who didn't transmit the virus.

Transmission was unlikely at and below 20,000 HIV RNA copies per milliliter of
plasma.

The researchers say that AZT may reduce maternal HIV levels, inhibiting the
virus in blood and secretions during labor and delivery.

-IMPLANT RISKS LOW: Breast implants do not pose a huge risk for
connective-tissue diseases; however, they still pose a risk, according to a new
study in today's JAMA.

Women with implants are 24 percent more likely to report connective- tissue
disease than women who never had implants.

Connective-tissue diseases are associated with abnormal immune system function,
in which the body reacts against its own tissues and organs.

Researchers from Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women's Hospital in
Boston analyzed questionnaires from 395,543 female health professionals: 10, 830
had breast implants; 11,805 had connective tissue disease between 1962 and 1991.

The researchers concluded that implants pose a "small but significant risk of
any connective tissue disease." An estimated 800,000 American women have breast
implants.

-TV AND AGGRESSION: People who are aggressive will react even more aggressively
after viewing violence on TV or in movies, a study in the American Psychological
Association's Journal of Personality and Social Psychology says.

Iowa State University researchers recruited 420 students, 210 men and 210 women,
who answered questionnaires to determine their aggression levels. People who
tested high in aggression were more likely to choose a violent film to watch
than individuals who scored low.

A second study found that aggressive subjects "felt more angry" after viewing a
violent videotape. And a third study required participants to view either a
violent or nonviolent videotape, after which they competed with an opponent on a
task. The loser received a blast of unpleasant noise; those who watched the
violent tapes gave their foes "significantly louder blasts of noise."

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Chart: Rich in vitamin C
 Worried about getting enough vitamin C, particularly with the season for
 colds in full blow? The recommended daily allowance for vitamin C is 60
 milligrams, but some studies suggest that vitamin C in higher amounts
 wards off or shortens the duration of colds and other viral illnesses.
 The top 10 foods for vitamin C:
 - 1/2 hot chile pepper - 182 milligrams
 -1/2 cantaloupe - 113 milligrams
 -1 cup cranberry juice - 108 milligrams
 -1 cup orange juice - 97 milligrams
 -1/2 cup sweet red pepper - 95 milligrams
-1 cup grapefruit juice - 83 milligrams
 -1 California orange - 80 milligrams
 -1 Florida orange - 68 milligrams
 -1 cup mixed vegetable juice - 67 milligrams
 -1 cup grape juice - 60 milligrams
 Source: U.S. Department of Agriculture

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              101 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     August 6, 1988, Saturday, City Edition

Maryland, W. Virginia eligible for drought aid

SECTION: NATIONAL; UPDATE; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 485 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; FERNANDINA BEACH; ALEXANDRIA, Va.; LOS ANGELES



WASHINGTON - Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng on Friday declared    Maryland
and West Virginia eligible for Farmers Home Administration    emergency loans
because of crop losses caused by drought damage. The    order applied to all 23
counties in Maryland and all 55 counties in    West Virginia if they meet
certain conditions, the Agriculture    Department said in a statement. Six other
states have been declared    eligible for the aid. They are: Alabama, Indiana,
Missouri, Ohio,    Wisconsin and Delaware.



 Judge orders beer can,    rat to UF laboratory

 FERNANDINA BEACH - A judge Friday ordered a Coors can and a    beer-sodden
rodent to a University of Florida laboratory. After    listening to arguments
from attorneys for Adolph Coors Co. and a    Jacksonville man who said he found
the rat in his beer can, Circuit    Judge Peter Dearing issued the order so
Coors officials can try to    learn more about when the rodent died and how it
might have got into    the can. Coors' attorneys and an expert witness assured
the judge that    evidence wouldn't be destroyed.



 8 plead innocent in Libyan    money diversion case

 ALEXANDRIA, Va. - Eight defendants pleaded innocent Friday at their
arraignment on federal charges they plotted to use Libyan government    money to
recruit dissident support in the United States. U.S. District    Judge Claude
Hilton set a trial date of Oct. 17. The defendants include    six Libyans and
two other Arabs named in a 40-count indictment last    week.



 Court says mom who hid      child must remain jailed

 WASHINGTON - A physician who hid her 5-year-old daughter nearly a year    ago
after alleging her ex-husband had sexually abused the child must    remain in
jail. A three-judge panel of the District of Columbia Court    of Appeals on
Friday affirmed Superior Court Judge Herbert B. Dixon's    decision to jail Dr.
Elizabeth Morgan on contempt of court charges for    failing to produce the
child last August. The appeals court also upheld    Dixon's decision allowing
her ex-husband, Dr. Eric Foretich, a two-week    visitation with his daughter,
Hilary. Morgan has been in the Washington    jail since Aug. 28, 1987.



 McDonnell Douglas starts    own procurement probe

 LOS ANGELES - McDonnell Douglas, under scrutiny in the ongoing    Pentagon
bribery probe, has begun an internal investigation of its use    of former
top-level Defense Department officials as procurement    consultants. Chairman
and Chief Executive John F. McDonnell said in a    letter to employees Thursday
the company is confident its policies are    sound, but named a task force to
see if more guidelines were needed.



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              102 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 30, 1983, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Drought Aid

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 152 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Sept. 29


The State Department of Agriculture said today that it would recommend asking
the Federal Government to declare 12 New Jersey counties drought disaster areas.

Pat Quinn, a spokesman for the department, said a lack of rain this summer had
cost farmers $45 million in lost crops.

The spokesman said a final report on crop damage in New Jersey would be
submitted by Agriculture Secretary Arthur R. Brown Jr. ''within the next few
days'' to Governor Kean.

She said Mr. Brown would urge the Governor to send a formal request to the
United States Agriculture Secretary, John R. Block, that the 12 counties be
declared disaster areas.

If the declaration is made, farmers in the counties would be eligible for
long-term, low-interest Federal loans to cover their losses. The counties are
Atlantic, Burlington, Camden, Cape May, Cumberland, Gloucester, Hunterdon,
Mercer, Middlesex, Monmouth, Salem, Sommerset.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              103 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 2, 1991, Wednesday, Final Edition

President Speeds Up Farm Credit Guarantees;
Action Aimed at Soviet Food Shortages

Ann Devroy, Stuart Auerbach, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A26

LENGTH: 862 words


President Bush accelerated $ 585 million in agricultural credit guarantees to
the Soviet Union yesterday as the administration worked on a larger package of
humanitarian aid that may include donations from government stockpiled food,
officials said.

The action on credit guarantees is the second move in a week by the Bush
administration to speed grain to the Soviet Union to forestall the possibility
of food shortages in Soviet cities this winter. Experts have said that foreign
grain shipments are needed to force Soviet farmers to bring to market crops they
have hoarded in hopes of getting higher prices.

Last week, the administration increased its loan guarantees to 100 percent after
American banks, worried about the creditworthiness of the Soviet Union, were
unwilling to make loans at the old guarantee level of 98 percent. The result was
immediate, Agriculture Department officials reported, as the Soviets were able
to get loans to buy $ 215 million worth of corn, wheat and soybeans in a week.

The new guarantees announced yesterday also will be covered in full, and
agricultural economists predicted they would quickly be picked up by American
banks.

But the amount of U.S. loan guarantees falls far short of what Soviet officials
say they need. Moscow first requested $ 7 billion in food aid, then doubled that
figure. Yesterday, European Community officials in Moscow said Soviet officials
inexplicably reduced their aid request by one-third, to $ 10.2 billion.

The $ 585 million in agricultural guarantees offered by Bush yesterday is the
final segment of a three-part package the president announced earlier this year
that has already brought more than $ 2 billion in loan guarantees to Moscow.
Under the program, the U.S. government underwrites the loans, guaranteeing that
U.S. taxpayers will repay it if Moscow defaults.

The guarantees were not scheduled to be available until February, but Bush
pushed them forward after the aborted coup attempt against Soviet President
Mikhail Gorbachev in August.

"This action will put more American grain and other food into the pipeline now
so that it will arrive at its destination in time to be of assistance during the
hard winter facing the Soviet people," Bush said in a statement.

Bush's announcement came hours before Agriculture Secretary Edward Madigan left
Washington for the Soviet Union with a team of public and private sector
agriculture experts. During their eight-day trip, they are to make an assessment
of Soviet food needs and report back to the White House.

Agriculture Department sources said the Madigan mission will be looking at
distribution problems, which many consider the major impediment to making sure
all Soviet citizens have enough to eat, and the possibility of additional credit
lines in the future.

The assessment by the Madigan group is expected to become part of a broader
intergovernmental review being conducted out of the State Department on how much
immediate and long-term food aid and distribution help is actually needed and
what the U.S. contribution should be.

The U.S. aid package is to be coordinated with help from other industrialized
nations. Soviet Foreign Minister Boris Pankin announced at the United Nations
yesterday that a conference would be held Oct. 14 in Moscow to discuss economic
cooperation and assistance for his country.

Pankin said it would be attended by a "highly representative" mission sent by
the Group of Seven industrialized countries and the European Community. Pankin
said the mission would meet with the Inter-Republican Economic Committee headed
by Ivan Silayev.

A senior U.S. official said yesterday that there is no consensus at the State
Department yet on the U.S. role and no recommendations have been sent to Bush.
The official said, however, that a new package that would cost significant
taxpayer dollars is unlikely to emerge until early next year because of
budgetary reasons.

Robert Zoellich, State Department undersecretary for economic affairs, is
expected to testify before Congress today on what officials called "some broad
ideas on the direction" the administration might take. Zoellich has been
spearheading the administration's effort on the aid question.

While some Democrats have been pushing for greater direct aid to the Soviet
Union, Republicans from farm states have been vocal in attempting to persuade
the administration to "donate" stockpiled U.S. commodities and to provide new
funding to send large numbers of American agriculture experts to the Soviet
Union to help improve their system.

According to a senior administration official, the Soviets are expected to
present Madigan with a detailed request when he meets with Gorbachev and with
Russian Federation President Boris Yeltsin.

U.S. officials expect to be asked for at least $ 2 billion, but an
administration official said yesterday the Soviet estimates of the country's
needs are exaggerated compared with the administration estimates, and they
anticipate a significant scaling back over the next several weeks "to meet
reality."

Special correspondent Trevor Rowe contributed to this report from the United
Nations.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, EDWARD MADIGAN.

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              104 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 28, 1998, Wednesday, FIRST EDITION

For farmers, food aid is mutual Their income boosted and hungry get relief

BYLINE: Barbara Slavin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 613 words


Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said Tuesday that he has received
a request for "significant" aid from Russia, where drought has
caused the worst grain harvest since the one it suffered after
the death of dictator Josef Stalin in 1953.

"It is in our interest to make sure Russians are fed through
this winter," Glickman said.

Fortunately for Russia and a string of hard-pressed countries
from Afghanistan to Yemen, bumper grain harvests in the USA, Australia,
Europe and elsewhere are more than sufficient to meet the need
-- if the food can be sent in time.

In fact, grain is so abundant that Jim Bishop, head of humanitarian
response for Interaction, a coalition of U.S. relief groups, says
he cannot think of a food emergency that cannot be met by current
supplies.


"It's a bright spot in a dark cloud," said Tom Buis of the National
Farmers Union, which represents 300,000 U.S. farmers and ranchers.

In a move motivated as much by a desire to boost sagging U.S.
farm income as by humanitarian concerns, the Agriculture Department
is buying 2.5 million metric tons of surplus wheat to donate overseas.

While Russia's needs are still undetermined, Russian officials
have expressed concern about food shortages this winter because
of a poor grain harvest and the slumping value of the ruble, which
makes imports more expensive.

Elsewhere, Indonesia, where nearly a third of the people live
on one meal a day, will receive more than half a million metric
tons. Bangladesh is getting 350,000. North Korea, where perhaps
1 million have starved from a famine that began three years ago,
will get 300,000.

The American generosity is not unprecedented. In the days of government
price supports for agriculture, U.S. silos were awash in grain,
much of it doled out abroad.

"Prior to 1992, we were giving 2 million metric tons of grain
a year, on top of 6 million metric tons" through the "Food for
Peace" program that began in 1954, said Ellen Levinson, a Washington
lawyer and consultant to aid groups.

Because tight budgets nearly cut that program in half, she said,
the latest infusion of grain merely returns aid to 1993 levels.

Congress has been tight-fisted with conventional foreign aid,
which has shrunk from nearly $ 20 billion a year to $ 12 billion.
But in this election year, it was sensitive to a measure helping
farmers.

The $ 500 billion mega-budget bill Congress passed last week includes
$ 50 million for the Bill Emerson Humanitarian Trust, a revolving
food reserve named for a late Republican congressman from Missouri,
which will hold up to 4 million metric tons of grain.

Rep. Tony Hall, D-Ohio, chairman of a Democratic task force on
hunger, said the reserve, which will expand one created in 1996,
will mean that "when we have a problem in the world, we can react
more quickly."

"Common sense tells us that it is time to bring together our
oversupply of domestic agricultural products and the growing international
need for food aid," Sen. Joe Biden, D-Del., said earlier on the
Senate floor.

By the end of this fiscal year next September, the Agriculture
Department says, the world will have more than 300 million metric
tons of surplus grain. Fifty million metric tons will be American,
including 24 million metric tons of wheat, twice the surplus the
USA had two years ago. The glut has halved the price of a bushel
of wheat to about $ 2.50.

"There is a mutuality of interest," Glickman said. "The United
States has historically had an interest in feeding hungry people.
I don't think the developed world has responded as aggressively
as it should."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, David Longstreath, AP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              105 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Alaska Journal of Commerce

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 9, 2009 Friday

Demand for Alaska seafood increases in world's food aid programs

BYLINE: Margaret Bauman, Alaska Journal of Commerce, Anchorage

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 788 words


Jan. 9--An increasing hunger for nutritional foods in domestic and international
food aid programs bodes well for Alaska's fishing industry. Annual canned salmon
sales are roughly $6 million to $7 million, and canned herring has recently been
introduced.

"Everyone is looking for higher nutrition," said Bruce Schactler, a Kodiak
salmon and herring fisherman, who is also the food aid coordinator for the
Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute in Juneau. "It's not how much you feed them,
but what you feed them."

More people are looking for higher nutrition, and canned salmon is the only
animal protein on the grocery shelves in food aid programs associated with the
U.S. Department of Agriculture, he said.

In 2008, distribution of Alaska seafood into food aid programs was about equally
divided between domestic and foreign aid programs, he said.

To boost overall sales, Schactler and Kevin Adams, another commercial fisherman
who serves on the ASMI board, will give a demonstration in April at an
international food aid conference hosted by the Foreign Agriculture Service,
within the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

ASMI is also working with Global Food and Nutrition, a private Washington,
D.C.-based firm with global connections that provides networking to potential
buyers.

The demand for canned Alaska pink and chum salmon has the economic bonus of
keeping canned salmon prices up. Prices for Alaska canned salmon, like other
commodities, are affected by supply and demand.

For the past two years, processors of Alaska canned salmon have sold about 1,348
tons -- about 135,000 cases -- through the food aid programs, Schactler said.

That's significant, said Gunnar Knapp, a fisheries economist at the University
of Alaska Anchorage. "If the numbers are correct, this program is taking 5
percent to 10 percent of the pink and chum pack, enough to make a market
difference."

Without the food aid program, the processors would have had another 135,000 cans
of salmon to sell, and typically the only way to sell leftover inventory is to
lower the price. The food aid sales are a good thing for the industry, and
likely have an effect on the price to processors and potentially the fishermen
who harvest the salmon, Knapp said.

The new push for canned herring stands to boost the value of herring sales in
Alaska while helping AIDS victims in Uganda, Schactler said.

People facing critical health issues, like AIDS, react better to antiviral drugs
provided through health aid programs if they have better nutrition, he said.

A 20-ton container filled with canned chum and pink salmon and canned herring
soon will be shipped to Uganda, where medical and food aid workers will watch to
see how it affects the nutritional profile of those who eat it.

"The herring doesn't have quite as much protein as salmon, but it has over
double the omega 3s," Schactler said. "It will be very interesting project."

Fish for this program is a joint effort of ASMI, the state of Alaska, an
unidentified non-governmental organization and four major Alaska seafood
processors.

"Today's food aid clients are tomorrow's commercial clients," Schactler said.
"It is significant. You can look in many, many countries that are today
commercial markets. A few years ago they were food aid markets.

"It is a significant value to the industry, another market they can sell product
into, and you can't have too many markets or too many outlets. The amount of
support that the suppliers in the industry have as a whole for this program
shows that," he said.

Schactler hopes the demonstration projects on canned Alaska herring will prove
as successful as those of canned salmon.

"Canned herring and canned sardines have been used in the world food program for
several years, through donations from other countries." Schactler said. "In
Alaska we have a lot of herring, but the herring fishery in Alaska has been
primarily for the roe. The market for herring roe fell on its face some time ago
and has not recovered. We are going to give the herring fishery another try,
possibly next spring with maybe a larger demonstration program, with several
containers rather than a few thousand pounds. We will see how it grows, and if
there is a market for canned Alaska herring."

Margaret Bauman can be reached at margie.bauman@alaskajournal.com

To see more of the Alaska Journal of Commerce, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.alaskajournal.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Alaska Journal of
Commerce, Anchorage Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090109-JA-Demand-for-Alaska-seafood-increases-in-world-s-food-aid
-programs-0109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JA


                   Copyright 2009 Alaska Journal of Commerce


                              106 of 999 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 18, 2010

Scholarships available for ag students

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 289  words


The North Dakota Grain Dealers Educational Foundation is taking applications for
financial aid for the 2010-2011 school term. Eight awards of $750 per person are
anticipated. Students must be enrolled in one of the following curriculums:

Bismarck State College: Agriculture Industry & Technology Agriculture Transfer

Dakota College of Bottineau: Agriculture Transfer

Dickinson State University: Agricultural Studies-Business/Marketing or Soil
Science Agriculture Sales and Service: Agribusiness Management or Technology in
Agriculture Agriculture Transfer

NDSU College of Agriculture, Food Systems and Natural Resources Agribusiness:
Management, Agribusiness Marketing or Agribusiness Financing specialization
Agricultural Economics Agricultural Systems Management: Business or Applied
Technology specialization Plant Science-Crop & Weed Science: Weed Science or
Biotechnology specialization Food Science Soil Science

Fort Berthold Community College, New Town: Agribusiness Sales & Service
Agriculture Transfer

North Dakota State College of Science, Wahpeton: Crop Production Sales and
Technology Agriculture Transfer Agriculture Systems Management (NDSU Transfer)

Williston State College: Ag Business Sales and Management Agriculture Transfer
Agronomy Technician

The Foundation was incorporated in 1981 by the North Dakota Grain Dealers
Association. Nearly $164,500 in scholarships and grants have been awarded by the
Foundation.

Major emphasis is on the students interested in careers in the grain marketing
industry.

Scholarship application deadline is September 30, 2010. Applications can be
downloaded from www.ndgda.org or requested by writing the Foundation office at
118 Broadway N, Ste 606, Fargo, ND 58102, or by calling 701-235-4184.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2010 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                              107 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   November 14, 1991, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Grain, soybeans go higher

BYLINE: Farm Market News

SECTION: SECTION 3, THE MARKETS; Pg. 25, FARM COMMODITIES

LENGTH: 306 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg, Man.


Persistent ideas that a White House decision on export credits to the Soviet
Union could come soon generated the buying that took Chicago Board of Trade
grain and soybean futures higher yesterday.


The Chicago Tribune yesterday morning reported U.S. President George Bush would
announce US$1.5 billion (C$1.7 billion) in new export credits and US$500 million
in humanitarian aid at a scheduuled talk to the FFA Organization, formerly the
Future Farmers of America, in Kansas City after the close of trade.

A White House official later denied Bush would announce any aid package at the
talk, which in turn limited the advances. Bush in his actual speech also failed
to give specifics on any aid or export credits for the Soviet Union.

CBOT soybeans settled US4 1/4 cents to US10 cents a bushel higher, with featured
January closing at US$5.57 1/2, up US8 1/2 cents.

Corn values at the CBOT finished US1 3/4 cents to US3 1/4 cents higher with most
active March ending at US$2.55 3/4, up US3 cents.


Some support in corn also stemmed from Tuesday's U.S. Agriculture Department
corn crop estimate of 7.486 billion bushels, which was below the average trade
forecast.

CBOT wheat closed US4 3/4 cents to US5 3/4 cents a bushel higher, with featured
March ending at US$3.53 1/2, up US5 3/4 cents. Additional buying interest in the
wheat pit came from expectations China would soon be bidding for 1 million
tonnes tons of subsidized U.S. wheat.

The lack of farmer selling to the prairie elevator system combined with the
advances in CBOT soybeans to push canola futures at the Winnipeg Commodity
Exchange higher.

At the close, WCE canola ranged $2.10 to $3.00 a tonne higher with featured
January ending at $268.80, up $2.90. Strength in canola was also tied to steady
exporter and crusher demand.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              108 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            February 4, 2007 Sunday
                                 FIRST EDITION

California farmers to get freeze relief

BYLINE: By Michael Doyle McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 235 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Federal aid is blossoming for California's freeze-damaged San Joaquin Valley
farmers.

The modest first wave accompanies Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns' new
designation of Tulare, Fresno, Kern and Madera counties as disaster areas. This
frees up low-interest farm loans.

The second and third waves could be more robust, coming from Congress and the
White House. It's all being tracked closely by farmers, who still don't know
exactly how much they've lost.

California lawmakers are poised to introduce this week a 16-page freeze relief
package in the House and Senate. As drafted, the bill would authorize more than
$1.3 billion in aid for citrus and other specialty crop farmers hurt in various
natural disasters over the past three years.

Also, dairy farmers in disaster areas could secure up to $230 million in
emergency aid under the draft bill. Ranchers could get up to $80 million, small
businesses could get grants and migrant farm workers could get mortgage
assistance and relief checks.

The money would not be limited to growers living in designated disaster areas.
Agriculture Department rules permit growers in adjacent counties to apply for
disaster aid.

The proposed disaster package also goes beyond the freeze because flooding in
2005, a heat wave in 2006 as well as this year's freeze have all taken their
agricultural toll. This year, state officials peg the statewide freeze damages
at $800 million.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                    Daily Journal of Commerce (Portland, OR)

                           September 24, 2001 Monday

Some prominent Oregonians receiving federal farm subsidies

BYLINE: Rich Riegel

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 879 words


Scottie Pippen's a basketball player, not a farmer, and a well paid one at that.
But he's been getting federal farm subsidies - more than $26,000 last year for
leaving fallow a plot of environmentally sensitive land he owns in Arkansas.

That's in addition to the $13.75 million the NBA star got last year from the
Portland Trail Blazers.

Pippen is among landowners in the United States who have been receiving farm
subsidies under the Conservation Reserve Program, a type of farm aid approved by
Congress and run by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Other prominent farm aid beneficiaries in Oregon include Sen. Gordon Smith, who
is a millionaire, and former Port of Portland director Mike Thorne.

"If it weren't for the farm program payments, there wouldn't be a wheat farm in
Umatilla County that would be able to make it today," said Thorne, who was
taking a break from working his own fields when reached by telephone by The
Associated Press.

In Oregon, 7,244 individuals and 2,085 corporations received aid in 2000,
according to a computer data base of USDA recipients reviewed by The AP. About
$165 million was disbursed.

More than half of that went to 10 percent of recipients, according to the USDA
figures. Nationally, federal subsidies accounted for about 62 percent of
farmers' net profits of about $46.1 billion in 2000.

Environmentalists praise the conservation program for helping improve the
quality of the nation's drinking water and providing habitat for wildlife.

Some criticize the farm aid on a number of counts, such as providing farm
subsidies to people who are wealthy from other sources, and to absentee
landlords.

"That's not the point of American farm policy," said Sarah Fienberg, spokeswoman
for the Environmental Working Group, a Washington, D.C.-based group that
analyzes farm policy.

Fienberg said current payment schemes "help the rich get richer and the big get
bigger and eliminate the family farm."

Nolin Farming Co. based in Pendleton in eastern Oregon was the state's largest
beneficiary, receiving $1.2 million in farm aid in 2000, according to the USDA
figures. Steven Corey, a partner in Nolin Farming, declined to comment on the
subsidies.

The Oregon Farm Bureau says the largest farming operations get most of the money
because they produce most of the food.

The USDA delivers checks under scores of programs, some designed to conserve
land, others to compensate farmers for disaster relief and losses due to
international treaties.

"Nobody wants to get into the business of farming to be on government
subsidies," said Dave Dillon at the state Farm Bureau.

The Depression-era system favors so-called program crops. These include corn,
wheat, oats, barley, cotton, sorghum, soybeans and cotton. Although Oregon's
largest agricultural product is nursery plants, farmers in this business
received almost no federal money.

Wheat - Oregon's seventh most valuable agriculture product, according to state
agricultural statistics - received hefty subsidies. Christmas trees, which are
in eighth place, received nothing.

On Pippen's farm, in rolling hill country about 15 miles south of the rural
community of Beebe in White County, Ark., stands of hardwood are growing
undisturbed under a conservation contract signed in 1991 by the property's
previous owners, according to USDA records.

Pippen bought the non-producing farm in 1993, according to USDA records. His
accountant Steven Lewis, of Wineberg & Lewis PC in Chicago, said it was
purchased as an investment property.

"The money just keeps coming," he said.

The Trail Blazers declined to forward a request for an interview to Pippen. He
could not be reached at listed phone numbers at U.S. residences. The agent who
brokered his most recent basketball contract, Jimmy Sexton, said he is no longer
working for Pippen.

Gordon Smith, the senator, was ranked by Roll Call Magazine last year as the
27th wealthiest member of the U.S Congress. He is the majority owner in Smith
Frozen Foods of Westen, Ore., worth between $5 million and $25 million,
according to financial disclosures. The company processes frozen vegetables and
invests in property.

Last year, Smith Frozen Foods got a boost from the taxpayers in farm aid,
according to USDA records.

Smith's press secretary, Joe Sheffo, said Smith Frozen Foods rents a 600-acre
property to a farmer who alternates between growing wheat, grass seeds and peas.

He said the tenant, and not Smith Frozen Foods, applied for a farm subsidy.

He said Smith Frozen Foods received $7,889 in 2000 from the USDA as the owner of
the property, and the tenant got a separate amount, which Sheffo did not
disclose.

"Smith Frozen Foods does not need these subsidies but it takes them so the
farmer, who does need them, can receive aid," he said.

Mike Thorne, the former director of the Port of Portland, received $185,266 in
farm subsidies for his M & T Thorne wheat farm in the Pendleton area in 2000,
according to the USDA figures. That money came on top of the $262,117 he earned
last year as Port director.

Thorne defended the aid, saying it was necessary to keep his wheat operation in
business because world commodity prices have dropped steeply in the past few
years.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             May 22, 1997, Thursday

Battle against hunger

BYLINE: BY ALAN GERSTEN

SECTION: WORLD TRADE; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 1123 words


About 800 million people in developing countries around the world suffer chronic
undernourishment, with the greatest unmet food needs in sub-Saharan Africa, the
U.S. Department of Agriculture said.

The reasons range from natural causes and wars in sub-Saharan Africa to
political considerations in the United States and Canada.

Budget cutbacks in North American governments have reduced the aid to this part
of the world and thus provided export opportunities for U.S. firms yet most
companies have limited investment plans for Africa.

About 125 million people, or half the population of the sub-Sahara, suffer from
""some sort of famine,'' said Jamie Wickens, regional food director in Africa
for the World Food Program, an arm of the United Nations.

Speaking by telephone from Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire, Mr. Wickens needed only four
words to explain the reasons for the area's hunger, ""Drought and civil
conflict.

Frequently, North American companies try to fill this export void, but a giant
grain company like Cargill Inc. of Minneapolis only has a $9 million investment
in Africa. Cargill handles coffee trading in Ethiopia, exporting tea in Kenya
and dealing in maize in Tanzania.

Archer Daniels Midland of Decatur, Ill., owns a one-third interest in the
largest cocoa producing company in Cote d'Ivoire, known as Unicao, and another
one-third interest in the country's largest cocoa trading company, known as
Cifca. While the company's investment is limited, the agricultural behemoth
recently added to its board Andrew Young, who has a keen interest in Africa.

In the interim, the region's needs remain unmet. Without enough food aid, the
drought and conflict create poverty, the root of hunger, according to another
U.N. agency, the Food and Agriculture Organization.

IMPROVE ECONOMIES

The answer is for these sub-Saharan countries to improve their economies and get
more foreign exchange, which they can use to import food and then develop their
own agricultural industry. This creates more commercial possibilities for U.S.
agriculture, which relies heavily on exports.

But, once again, many of these developing countries are too poor and
conflict-stricken to improve their economies or worry about anything except
survival.

FIVE-YEAR DROUGHT

Mr. Wickens said, as a continent, Africa has long been suffering from drought.
The last great drought was in 1980 to '85, and others date back to the start of
the 20th century.

To exacerbate the situation, civil conflict infects sub-Saharan Africa. Liberia
has suffered from a long civil war and that conflict also affects the
neighboring countries of Sierra Leone, Guinea and Cote d'Ivoire, which have to
absorb a large refugee population. In Mali, a rebellion affects that country as
well as the neighboring nations of Mauritania, Niger and Burkina Faso.

Angola has had civil conflict affecting 3 million people while other fighting in
the Congo, formally known as Zaire, and Rwanda leaves many dead or hungry.
Another civil war rages in Sudan, and ""Somalia is a total mess,'' Mr. Wickens
said.

To fix the problem, these sub-Saharan countries could increase their own
production, commercially import food or get food aid; otherwise, their per
capita consumption falls further.

Mr. Wickens' organization coordinates food programs from donors such as the
United States and the European Community. The group assesses food needs monthly,
appeals to the donors and distributes the food once it arrives.

But such food aid budgets are declining due to budget cutbacks, principally in
the United States, which supplies the majority of food shipments.

Public Law 480, the United States' main food program, has tumbled to a proposed
$967 million for fiscal 1998, down from $1.2 billion in fiscal 1995. The PL-480
program, which started in 1954, involves three parts - market development,
emergency needs and aid for the poorest countries.

GAO STUDY

After the Republicans took over Congress in 1994, they demanded a study by the
U.S. General Accounting Office about PL-480. In a June 1995 report, the GAO
concluded that the first part of PL-480, market development, was ineffective.

To develop markets, the United States sells food to developing countries at
below market interest rates, with long grace periods and up to 30 years for
repayment. The idea is to create a new market for U.S. agriculture.

None of GAO's studies could ""establish a link between Title I assistance and
the establishment of a long-term commercial market share for U.S. agricultural
products,'' the 1995 report said.

The report identified another problem as cargo preference, which mandates that
U.S.-flag vessels carry at least 75 percent of all U.S. food-aid shipments.

Some American-flag carriers disagreed with that assessment. ""This provides jobs
for Americans and is the basis of cargo preference,'' said Tom Madden, director
of market development for Farrell Lines Inc. in New York. Mr. Madden also said
cargo preference helps preserve the American fleet while providing on-time
container service for these shipments.

CUT FOOD AID

Nevertheless, Alice Rivlin, President Clinton's former budget director, cut
PL-480, taking the most from market development and the least from aid for the
poorest countries. The emergency food needs plan stayed the same. House
Democrats spoke out against the budget cuts, but they were maintained as part of
an overall budget reduction.

Critics of the food aid program contend that just giving food away depresses
local prices and discourages production, doing more harm than good, according to
officials at the USDA, who spoke on condition of anonymity.

Whatever the reason, in 1996, food aid to sub-Saharan Africa was short 15
million tons of grain worldwide, and that shortfall is expected to go to 27
million tons of grain by the year 2005. The world's overall grain production is
now 1.7 billion tons.

In Canada, budget considerations also forced cutbacks in aid to sub-Saharan
Africa, said Don Boudria, minister of international cooperation. His agency is
responsible for foreign aid.

Food aid to sub-Saharan Africa now has fallen to C$67.9 million ($48.5 million),
down 34 percent from 1993. Overall, Mr. Boudria's budget dropped 28 percent
during the same time.

RESTRUCTURING FINANCES

""Canada has embarked on a large initiative of restructuring its o wn
finances,'' Mr. Boudria said. The plan is to balance the budget, which had a
C$42 million deficit in fiscal 1994, by fiscal 1998.

""We had to make immediate sacrifices to redress our own finances for the long
term of our country,'' Mr. Boudria said. If Canada can balance its budget, it
hopes to increase its aid to sub-Saharan Africa.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo - Rwandan Hutu refugees, weak from hunger and a long walk, sit in
a hospital 25 miles south of Kisangani, Congo. Fighting in Rwanda and Congo, the
area formerly known as Zaire, have contributed to massive hunger in sub- Saharan
Africa. (AFP Photo)

                    Copyright 1997 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              111 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 21, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Planning $1.5 Billion in Food Aid To Soviet Peoples Through Moscow

BYLINE: By KEITH BRADSHER,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 4; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 1272 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 20


Amid rising concern about possible hunger and civil unrest in the Soviet Union
this winter, the Bush Administration announced today that it would send about
$1.5 billion worth of food aid, most of which would be channeled through the
central Government in Moscow.

The announcement, which followed weeks of delay, included the first large-scale
American shipments of free food to the Soviet Union in seven decades.

The action is part of a broadening Western effort to help the Soviet Union. The
United States has already given $2.5 billion worth of food credits in the last
11 months, almost all of which has been delivered. Japan, the European Community
and individual Western European countries have made separate pledges of aid in
recent months, but so far have delivered very little.

All of these aid efforts are driven by concerns of food shortages and the
possible collapse of new democratic institutions in the Soviet Union this
winter. But these efforts are complicated by weakening economies and growing
government budget deficits across much of the industrialized world, particularly
in the United States.

Farm States Back Aid

The aid package announced today is distinct from discussions in Congress over
whether to use $1 billion from the military budget to help the Soviet Union. The
announcement today is linked only indirectly to negotiations in Moscow
concerning ways to help the Soviet Union with its foreign debt, variously
estimated at $60 billion to $100 billion.

Congressional reaction today was divided on regional rather than party lines,
with legislators from farm states favoring more aid and other legislators
tending to worry that existing aid may already be excessive.

Representative David R. Nagle, an Iowa Democrat on the Agriculture Committee,
said in a telephone interview that the Administration's aid plan today was "too
little, too late" and added, "We haven't given them enough to get through a
couple weeks."

But Representative Charles E. Bennett, the Florida Democrat who is vice chairman
of the Armed Services Committee, criticized the deal for not requiring the
Soviet Union to barter or sell oil or other natural resources in exchange for
food. "The U.S. taxpayer shouldn't have to give a charitable gift if the
Russians have the wherewithal," to buy the grain, Mr. Bennett said in a
telephone interview.

Rationing in St. Petersburg

In another indication of Soviet food shortages, Anatoly Sobchak, the Mayor of
St. Petersburg, announced today that all types of food would be rationed
beginning on Dec. 15 because the city has been receiving only half the food it
needs, Reuters reported from Moscow, citing local journalists. Some American
officials have worried for weeks that urban areas will suffer first from hunger
this winter because farmers are refusing to sell their crops for rapidly
devaluing rubles.

Agriculture Secretary Edward R. Madigan told reporters at the White House today
that the United States would guarantee $1.25 billion worth of commercial bank
loans for the purchase of American grain, and would provide $165 million worth
of free food, mainly through private voluntary organizations.

The Agriculture Department is negotiating with the United Way, CARE, World
Vision Relief and the Seventh-day Adventists to distribute the food, said a
department official who insisted on anonymity.

In addition, a much smaller but still undetermined amount of money will be used
to build a model farm in the St. Petersburg area, construct model wholesale food
markets near Moscow and Kiev, send American agricultural extension workers and
provide credit guarantees for loans to private Soviet-American ventures in
Soviet food processing and distribution, Mr. Madigan said.

Helping U.S. Farmers

The program will help American farmers and "is aimed at alleviating food
shortages and other dire humanitarian consequences in the Soviet Union this
winter," Marlin Fitzwater, the White House spokesman, said. Only the food grants
and technical aid projects will result in direct outlays by the Federal
Government, he pointed out.

All of the credit guarantees will go to Vneshekonombank, the Soviet central bank
for foreign trade. But each of the 12 remaining Soviet republics has also
accepted responsibility for the debt's repayment if the central Government or
the other republics are unable to do so, Mr. Madigan said.

A detailed plan has been worked out for the amounts of food each republic will
actually receive, Mr. Madigan added. The plan was intended to reassure
conservatives who have warned that the central Government is not credit worthy
and will use the threat of withholding food as a lever to compel the obedience
from republics.

These arrangements did not initially satisfy some conservative critics.

"This appears to be a thinly disguised scheme to continue U.S. taxpayer loan
guarantees to a discredited Moscow center that is totally uncredit-worthy," said
Roger W. Robinson Jr., who was the National Security Council's senior director
for international economic affairs from 1982 to 1985.

Issue of Credit Worthiness

Federal law bars agricultural loan guarantees to countries that are not credit
worthy. Mr. Madigan said that this rule was met by the agreement by the Soviet
central Government, Vneshekonombank and the 12 republics to take responsibility
for repayment.

Some of the credit guarantees will only be available if the Soviet Union makes
payments falling due soon on previous loans already guaranteed, Mr. Madigan
said.

The program announced today by Mr. Madigan calls for $500 million in credit
guarantees to be made available immediately, followed by $250 million aid
packages in February, March and April.

A confidential Agriculture Department study has found that while the Soviet
transportation system may be clogged with deliveries of European food in January
and February, very little grain has been committed for delivery in December.

Grain Shipment Scheduled

The last grain from the most recent American assistance program, $1.5 billion in
credit guarantees granted in June, is scheduled for shipment at the beginning of
next month. If a new aid package had not been approved this week, some of this
transportation capacity might have been wasted.

Franklyn D. Holzman, professor emeritus of economics at Tufts University, said
the Soviet Union had paid a small percentage of the cost of the food it received
from the United States during World War II. The announcement today represents
the first time that the United States Government has given free food to the
Soviet Union since Herbert Hoover oversaw a $20 million program right after
World War I, Mr. Holzman said.

The bread lines and panic buying of food in the Soviet Union are the result of
both production and distribution problems there, American officials say.

Grain Production Drops

The Agriculture Secretary said for the first time in Congressional testimony on
Oct. 30 that while food distribution in the Soviet Union is a serious problem, a
decline in grain production this year has also become a crucial factor in a
substantial Soviet need for food imports this winter.

Nearly two weeks later, on Nov. 12, the Agriculture Department reduced its
estimate of this year's Soviet grain harvest to just 175 million metric tons.
Last month the department estimated a crop of 185 million metric tons, and in
August and September the prediction was 190 million metric tons.

Soviet crops in recent years have been close to 200 million metric tons, while
last year's near-record crop totaled 235 million metric tons.


LOAD-DATE: November 21, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              112 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 11, 1993, Tuesday, Final Edition

Senator Puts Potato Aid on Front Burner at USDA

Al Kamen, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A8

LENGTH: 342 words


To some it may seem like small potatoes, but to Sen. William S. Cohen (R-Maine)
it's the big enchilada.

To Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy, with not one confirmed deputy in the
110,000-employee department, it's the key stumbling block in his effort to end
his solitary status.

It is Washington at work: A senator bludgeoning the bureaucracy to get something
for his constituents.

In this case, Maine's potato farmers lost an estimated $ 75 million last year --
well over half of average annual sales -- because of bad weather. In northern
Maine, the loss amounted to 25 percent of the economy.

Cohen was concerned the department had not been forthcoming with aid from a crop
disaster assistance program. So he put a hold on the nominations of five senior
USDA officials after their confirmation hearings before the Senate Agriculture
Committee on April 28.

"The aid has been slow in coming," said Kathryn Gest, Cohen's press secretary,
so the holds were imposed "in order to make the point that this was necessary."

The move got attention from the department, which last week made some aid
available. It comes to "about $ 20 million," Gest said. "The question now is to
make sure they [farmers] are going to get the kinds of aid promised. Once he's
[Cohen's] satisfied, he will lift the hold."

That may not come immediately. "There's a lot of space between $ 20 million and
$ 75 million," Gest said.

The question for USDA officials is whether Maine farmers have been treated
fairly compared to other farmers who have had losses from natural disasters or
bad weather. With a new administration, this takes a while to determine.

"We are treating Maine producers the same as we would treat producers anywhere
else in America," said USDA press secretary Steve Kinsella. "We are continuing
to work on the issue of aid to Maine potato producers. In fact, around Easter, a
team of USDA disaster experts went to Maine to see the disaster first hand and
to make an assessment as to what type of assistance could be made available."


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, WILLIAM S. COHEN

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              113 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                          September 23, 2004, Thursday

BUSHES AGREE ON FLA. AG AID; WHITE HOUSE DID NOT SEEK EXTRA MONEY FOR
AGRICULTURE IN A STORM-RELIEF REQUEST.

BYLINE: CORY REISS Ledger Washington Bureau

SECTION: Business; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 536 words


WASHINGTON -- Florida Gov. Jeb Bush rounded Capitol Hill on Wednesday to press
Congress for more disaster relief from hurricanes Frances and Ivan, but he said
he was not worried about the ability of existing federal programs to aid
Florida's agricultural sectors.

Bush said he wasn't disappointed that the White House did not include extra
money for agriculture in a

$ 3.1 billion aid request after Frances. Agriculture also wasn't in an earlier

$ 2 billion package after Hurricane Charley. Bush backed up his brother, the
president.

"Our expectation is the federal response to that will come through the existing
programs," Bush told reporters after a meeting with Rep. Adam Putnam, R-Bartow,
and members of Florida's nursery industry.

Agricultural losses from hurricanes Charley and Frances have been estimated at $
2.1 billion and the figure has not been updated since Hurricane Ivan hit last
week. The damage has prompted calls from both sides of the aisle for emergency
funding.

President Bush is under pressure in an election year to respond generously to a
disaster, especially in a pivotal state like Florida. But he also is mindful of
mounting deficits and budget constraints. Bush has left agriculture aid to
current disaster programs in the U.S. Department of Agriculture, but some
lawmakers fear the agency doesn't have enough money to cope with the aftermath
of three hurricanes.

Some Republican lawmakers Wednesday seemed to back up the president's approach
while backing away from some earlier statements of dire need.

Rep. Clay Shaw, a Republican from Fort Lauderdale, was among 20 Florida House
members from both parties who wrote President Bush after Frances urging him to
ask for money specifically for agriculture in his emergency request. That $ 3.1
billion package, which has not yet been passed, followed an earlier $ 2 billion
bill that Congress approved after Hurricane Charley. A third measure is likely
in response to Ivan. So far, none has earmarked money for agriculture losses.

Sens. Bill Nelson and Bob Graham, both Florida Democrats, are fighting to ensure
Florida will get $ 1 billion in emergency funding dedicated to fruits,
vegetables and ornamental plant growers. Asked if he does not support that
effort, Gov. Bush said "I'm for anything that's reasonable."

In their letter, the House members expressed support for the efforts of Nelson
and Graham, although they didn't put a price tag on their own agriculture
request.

Asked Wednesday if he agreed with Gov. Bush that an aid package for Florida
growers is not necessary, Shaw said he didn't have enough information about the
status of the USDA program to say. "I certainly don't disagree with the
governor," he said.

The governor estimated that Florida's share in statewide disaster relief and
recovery could top $ 1 billion. He mentioned beach nourishment, housing and road
reconstruction as important areas needing federal attention.

Gov. Bush reiterated he was confident in the USDA program, especially with an
additional $ 300 million for Florida crops that recently was included in a $ 2.9
billion agriculture package aimed mainly at drought-stricken states that the
Senate has passed.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2004 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              114 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 11, 1999, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. to Investigate A Complaint of Bias

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 178 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 10


The Agriculture Department is investigating complaints by black farmers that
they were improperly denied disaster assistance in Arkansas and Georgia this
year, even as the department was settling a multimillion-dollar civil rights
lawsuit.

The complaints involve three county offices of the department's Farm Service
Agency, one in Arkansas and two in Georgia.

Rosalind Gray, director of the Agriculture Department's civil rights office,
said it would take appropriate action when the investigations were completed.

The cases in Arkansas and Georgia were among a number of complaints of racial
discrimination that the department received in distributing the disaster aid.
But many of those bringing the complaints declined to cooperate with
investigators, Ms. Gray said.

The agency distributed $2 billion in disaster aid this summer for
weather-related losses that farmers had suffered in 1998 and previous years.
Congress is likely to provide additional money for losses this year.

Ms. Gray provided no details about the cases in Arkansas and Georgia.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              115 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 11, 2012 Friday

Farmers markets get U.S. aid to accept food-benefit cards

BYLINE: Kate Giammarise, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 418 words


May 11--The U.S. Department of Agriculture is making available $4 million
nationwide -- $161,359 in Ohio -- to expand the number of farmers markets that
accept food-stamp benefits.

The United States has a total of about 7,100 farmers markets, according to the
U.S. Department of Agriculture; about 1,500 of them accept food stamps under the
federal program, the official name of which is SNAP, for Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program.

The $4 million could boost that number by about 4,000 markets, Kathleen
Merrigan. deputy secretary of agriculture, said.

More than 50 markets in Ohio accept the assistance, according to the Ohio
Department of Job and Family Services.

Among the obstacles markets face: the cost of installing and maintaining a
machine that accepts the electronic food-aid cards and the perception that such
markets are only for wealthy shoppers, Ms. Merrigan said.

In 2006, the Toledo Farmers' Market introduced a way for shoppers to use
electronic food stamps at the market.

The pilot program was hailed as a first in the state and a way to give
low-income shoppers access to fresh and inexpensive local produce.

The amount of money that food-stamp shoppers have spent at the Toledo Farmers
Market has climbed steadily, from about $1,500 in 2007 to more than $50,000 in
2011.

That includes additional incentive funds to encourage low-income shoppers.

The market offers a program to food-stamp consumers called "double-up bucks"
that doubles shoppers' purchasing power up to $20 per market visit for local
produce.

The program has been very successful, said Dan Madigan, the market's executive
director.

He estimated it brought in about 1,000 new food stamp customers last year; it
kicks off for this year in June.

In 2011, an average of 1.7 million people in Ohio received food assistance
monthly.

Of the 265 Ohio farmers markets that the Agriculture Department's Agricultural
Marketing Service has registered, 209 of them are not SNAP-authorized.

"We're looking to expand [the program] everywhere" to include both urban and
rural areas, said Ben Johnson, a spokesman for the state Department of Job and
Family Services.

He said the state would like to use the available funds to purchase wireless
devices that markets can use to scan food stamp cards.

A list of Ohio farmers markets that participate in SNAP is available at:
jfs.ohio.gov/ofam/pdf/2011FM- ContactList1.pdf.

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120511-TO-Farmers-markets-get-U-S-aid
-to-accept-food-benefit-cards-0511-20120511

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade


                              116 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               September 16, 1998, Wednesday, THREE STAR EDITION

HOUSE VOTE SIGNALS PROMISE OF AID TO FARMERS;
SURPLUS WOULD BE TAPPED TO KEEP THOUSANDS AFLOAT

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A13

LENGTH: 471 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The House signaled strong bipartisan support Tuesday for rescuing farmers from
their worst financial crisis in at least a decade. President Bill Clinton,
meanwhile, warned that "thousands and thousands" of producers could go out of
business without government help.

In a nonbinding procedural move, the House voted 331-66 to use the budget
surplus for farm aid rather than requiring icuts in other government programs.
The administration has endorsed measures totaling $ 7 billion.

The House action ensures that "farmers' financial burdens will be eased by
disaster aid this fall," said Rep. Earl Pomeroy, D-N.D.

Farm income is expected to be down 15 percent nationwide and far more in some
states because of plunging grain prices, drought in the South and crop disease
in the Midwest. Wheat prices are down 30 percent from the average for the last
five years.

"The results are plain to see and painful to watch," Clinton told members of the
National Farmers Union. "Foreclosures and farm auctions are the order of the day
already in many communities."

Clinton defended his support for the 1996 farm law, which was meant to wean
producers from federal programs. But he said there must be a better government
"safety net for hard times."

How much aid Congress will provide this year and in what form are still being
debated. The Senate approved $ 500 million in July, but prices have continued to
fall and the Agriculture Department says that amount will be insufficient.

On Monday, the Senate rejected the administration's plan, the centerpiece of
which is a one-year increase in government loan rates that would trigger $ 5
billion in subsidies.

Republicans agree that the farm economy is in crisis, but they argue that the
Democratic measure could drive prices down further by stimulating excess
production. Several GOP senators are working on proposals for direct payments to
growers instead, and they are also pushing to pass more tax breaks to farmers
and give Clinton fast-track trade negotiating authority.

"What you saw in the Senate was less an objection to the dollar amount than it
was to the notion that we're turning our back on the 1996 farm bill," said Matt
Raymond, a spokesman for Sen. Conrad Burns, R-Mont.

Democrats said they would force another vote on the measure as early as today.

Farmers told a panel of Democratic lawmakers that the economic crunch was one of
the worst they have ever seen. "People are desperate," said John Kippley, a
farmer in Aberdeen, S.D., who also works as a financial counselor.

His phone rings from 7 a.m. to midnight, he said, and more than 60 producers
have told him that they will lose their farms.

"A whole lot of circumstances got us to this place," said Don Herzog, a hog
producer in Rapelje, Mont. "Not one single thing can change it."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              117 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             February 10, 2000, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Canker reaches Manatee; emergency status sought

SOURCE: Sarasota Herald-Tribune; Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: CITY & STATE; AROUND THE STATE; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 666 words

DATELINE: BRADENTON; PORT ST. LUCIE; PALM BEACH



The same strain of citrus canker that has ravaged the South Florida lime
industry now has been found in Manatee County.

Meanwhile, Florida has moved to secure federal aid for lime growers in
Miami-Dade and surrounding counties.

State agricultural officials confirmed that inspectors on Friday found canker on
a grapefruit tree in the Albritton Groves in Duette in northern Manatee County.
The grove is in a 41-square-mile zone that already was under quarantine.

On Wednesday, Agriculture Commissioner Bob Crawford asked Gov. Jeb Bush to
declare an agricultural emergency in south Miami-Dade County. If endorsed by
federal officials, the declaration would help lime growers qualify for
low-interest loans and other aid authorized by Congress.

At least 1,000 of the 3,000 Miami-Dade acres now devoted to limes have been
affected. Thousands of trees are being bulldozed and burned in an attempt to
protect the rest of Florida's $ 8.5-billion citrus industry.

Blackthorne trial March 6

in alleged murder plot

Allen Blackthorne will stand trial March 6 in San Antonio, Texas, on federal
charges that he arranged the killing of his ex-wife in Sarasota, a judge ruled
Tuesday.

Blackthorne, 44, a wealthy businessman, was indicted in January by federal and
Texas grand juries.

Blackthorne, who is being held without bail, is accused of organizing a
murder-for-hire plot that led to the Nov. 7, 1997, shooting and stabbing death
of Sheila Bellush, a mother of six. Bellush was married to Blackthorne in the
mid-1980s.

U.S. District Judge Ed Prado will preside over the jury trial, which is expected
to last up to three weeks.

"He is looking forward to proving his innocence," David L. Botsford of Austin, a
Blackthorne attorney, said Wednesday.

The federal indictment alleges that Blackthorne crossed state lines to commit
murder for hire and domestic violence. Life in prison or the death penalty are
possible punishments; however, prosecutors have said they probably won't seek
the death penalty.

Two classmates are stuck

with syringe boy found

PORT ST. LUCIE - A sixth-grade boy who jabbed two classmates with a syringe
containing a yellowish-orange substance told authorities he did it for fun.

The 12-year-old has been charged with two counts of felony aggravated battery
and suspended from school pending an expulsion hearing.

The boy told authorities he found the syringe Monday in bushes on the grounds of
Southport Middle School. He put it in his bookbag, then stuck two boys sitting
next to him, St. Lucie County sheriff's spokesman Mark Weinberg said Wednesday.

"He takes the syringe inside and jabs a student in front of him and beside him
through their clothes. He didn't plunge the needle in," Weinberg said. "We asked
him why he did it. He indicated it was just for fun."

Another student grabbed the syringe out of the boy's bookbag and turned it over
to a teacher. It is being tested to determine what the substance was, Weinberg
said. The two boys who were stuck have undergone blood tests, he said.

The boy pleaded innocent at an arraignment in juvenile court, prosecutor
Michelle McMurtry said.

$ 19.2-million home sale

is a record for Palm Beach

PALM BEACH - The price for living in paradise reached a new high when an unnamed
European buyer paid $ 19.2-million for the former Ron Perelman estate.

The beachfront property, which includes a pool and two guest houses on this
island haven for the rich and famous is a "one-of-a-kind house," said Earl
Hollis of Earl A. Hollis Inc., who has participated in the home's sale three
times. It sold on Jan. 27.

Corporate raider Perelman, Revlon's boss, sold the Bermuda-style,
7,872-square-foot house with seven bedrooms and seven baths for $ 11-million to
a Florida corporation in 1995.

The previous record for a home sale in Palm Beach County was set in 1987 when a
couple paid $ 18-million for an estate, according to the county appraiser's
office.

- From Sarasota Herald-Tribune

and wire reports


LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              118 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             May 13, 2006 Saturday

Six NM counties will get drought relief aid

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 280 words


With six New Mexico counties named as part of a disaster area, including Grant,
Catron and Hidalgo, U.S. Sen. Pete Domenici, R-N.M., said he expects the U.S.
Department of Agriculture to issue a broad drought disaster designation for most
of the state.

The USDA also included San Juan, McKinley and Cibola in western New Mexico. The
six contiguous counties are eligible for USDA assistance as part of a drought
disaster area designation for 14 of 15 counties in Arizona.

"I expect word soon from the USDA that virtually all agriculture and livestock
operations in New Mexico will fall under a federal drought disaster
designation," Domenici said. "The ramifications of virtually no snowpack and
little precipitation will ripple throughout our state economy. The official
designation I expect for New Mexico will open doors to federal aid that might
help our agriculture producers make it through the year."

Under the designation issued by the USDA, farmers will be eligible to apply for
Farm Service Agency low-interest emergency loans based on the extent of losses,
security available and repayment ability.

"I understand that there is a feeling that existing federal drought assistance
is wanting, but I hope producers will avail themselves of this aid if it can
help them continue operations," Domenici said.

Domenici noted that he will be part of the House-Senate negotiation team that
will debate whether the FY2006 Emergency Supplemental Bill will retain the
nearly $4 billion in agriculture and drought assistance included in the
Senate-passed bill.

The president has issued a veto threat against the supplemental package,
including the drought aid.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2006 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 10, 2001 Monday

BULK OF FARM AID WENT TO FRACTION OF RECIPIENTS BILLIONS IN SUBSIDIES DOLED TO
BIG FIRMS, RICH OWNERS

SECTION: Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 849 words


Almost two-thirds of the $27 billion in federal farm subsidies distributed last
year went to 10 percent of America's farm owners, including government agencies
and Fortune 500 corporations, a review of Agriculture Department records shows.

Farm-subsidy rules are based on farm acreage, rather than financial need. That
meant taxpayer money flowed to media mogul Ted Turner, pro-basketball star
Scottie Pippen and an heir to the Rockefeller fortune. Some of the wealthiest
members of Congress received aid from farm programs for which they voted.

At least 20 Fortune 500 companies and more than 1,200 universities and
government farms, including state prisons, received checks from federal programs
touted by politicians as a way to prop up needy farmers. Subsidies also went to
real-estate developers and absentee landowners who live in big cities such as
Chicago and New York.

Sen. Tom Harkin, an Iowa Democrat and chair of the Senate Agriculture Committee,
called such examples an "embarrassment, a black eye that can only undermine
public and taxpayer support for the programs."

A group of Sacramento Valley rice growers reaped the second-largest amount of
farm subsidies last year. But California farmers received $812 million of the
$27 billion doled out to U.S. farms last year, ranking the state 12th, despite
its place as the most productive agricultural state. Iowa, which produces less
than half the bounty of California, received $2.7 billion.

Government aid made up almost half of total farm income nationwide last year,
most of it parceled out through programs aimed at keeping farmers from
bankruptcy when the price they get for crops is not enough to pay their bills.
But recipients don't have to be cash-strapped farmers, or even farmers at all.
The subsidies flow to anyone with a stake in farmland.

An analysis of more than 22 million checks sent out by the Agriculture
Department in fiscal year 2000 shows that 63 percent of the money went to 10
percent of recipients.

In the past three years, with prices for corn, rice and other crops tumbling to
near-record lows, Congress passed a series of bailouts, sending billions of
dollars in extra aid to rescue farmers from mounting debt, foreclosure and
bankruptcy.

Of the 1.6 million farm-aid recipients last year, the average recipient got
about $16,000. About 57,500 recipients got more than $100,000, and at least 154
got more than $1 million. Because recipients can receive payments under several
different names, it is likely there are many more who passed the million-dollar
mark.

Mary Kay Thatcher, a lobbyist for the American Farm Bureau Federation, argues
against limits, saying big farms take bigger risks, log higher expenses and
produce more of the crop.

"It's not like these guys are getting rich from government payments," Thatcher
said. "They've had to have them in order to survive."

Yet among last year's recipients are wealthy people, companies and organizations
that could survive without government aid.

* Former Chase Manhattan Bank chairman David Rockefeller received $146,000 in
subsidies. Employees said the money goes into running the family's 3,000-acre
farm, not into Rockefeller's pocket.

* Agriculture Department records show checks sent to at least 20 Fortune 500
companies, including IBP, Chevron, Archer Daniels Midland and Caterpillar.

"The price-support program is to encourage production of the crops, and we are
just as much a part of that program as anyone else," said Ed Spaulding of
Chevron, which hires tenants to farm some of the oil-bearing land it owns in
central California.

* U.S. Rep. Doug Ose, R-Woodland, a developer ranked 22nd on Roll Call
magazine's list of the richest members of Congress with a net worth of $12.5
million, owns part of two companies that got about $149,000 in rice subsidies.

* Scottie Pippen, whose Portland Trail Blazers contract pays him about $14
million a year, received $26,000 for growing hardwood trees in Arkansas. When
Pippen bought the land in 1993, it already was enrolled in the conservation
program, according to USDA records.

* Ted Turner and his companies collected at least $190,000 in subsidies last
year for ranches he owns in Montana, South Dakota and Florida.

At least $17 million in crop subsidies went to government agencies including
airports, wildlife departments and prisons. Colleges and universities got $6.3
million.

The House Agriculture Committee already has endorsed a package that funnels more
money into the existing system and adds some new subsidies. Critics say it does
not curb payments to mega-farms or the rich. PHOTO: DAVID REICKS -- UNIVERSITY
OF ILLINOIS
The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, which receives more farm aid
than any other college, experiments on these fields.
PHOTO: TOM ROBERTS -- ASSOCIATED PRESS
Farmers gathered in August for a seminar on soybean aphid problems at the
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, which had received $710,000 in
federal farm subsidies in 2000.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 4, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

AIDS TESTS PLANNED FOR PIGS

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 15, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 408 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 3


The Florida Health Department announced today that it would conduct additional
tests on swine herds in Belle Glade, Fla., to determine whether the animals
might have been infected with the virus believed to cause AIDS.

The announcement came in response to a finding last month by a biochemist that
blood from some of the pigs may have contained antibodies to the virus for
acquired immune deficiency syndrome.

The biochemist, Dr. John Beldekas of the Boston University School of Medicine,
said today he was conducting additional tests to determine more precisely the
reason for his findings.

Dr. James T. Howell, Florida's chief public health officer, said that while he
did not think the pigs had AIDS, the additional tests would be conducted as a
precautionary measure.

Dr. Beldekas is one of a small group of researchers who believe that AIDS may be
caused by factors other than the virus.

Last month, Dr. Beldekas traveled to Belle Glade, a poor community with a high
incidence of AIDS, to draw blood from sick pigs living on a nearby farm. One of
Dr. Beldekas's samples indicated the presence of antibodies to the African swine
fever virus, a fatal pig disease that has not yet appeared in North America. The
finding led Dr. Beldekas and other researchers to theorize that the swine fever
virus might be related to AIDS in humans.

The finding compelled the Department of Agriculture to quarantine two farms and
collect blood from 150 pigs. But preliminary tests, department officials said,
indicated that none of the pigs was infected with swine fever.

The Agriculture Department said it would issue a statement Wednesday on its
findings. Officials said they had also authorized Florida farm officials to lift
the quarantine in Belle Glade.

Dr. Beldekas said today that the tests may have been in error. ''There is a
possibility that there was a laboratory mixup,'' he said. ''It's unlikely, but
it is a possibility. We're all human. I'm a one-man operation. It's something
that inadvertently happens.''

Dr. John K. Atwell, deputy administrator of the department's Veterinary Services
division, said he had asked Dr. Belekas to issue a statement.

''My reaction is obviously since there is no African swine fever down in Belle
Glade and all of our tests have been negative, something wrong had to occur,''
he said. ''I thought a statement from him that possibly a laboratory error had
occurred would clear the air for us all.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              121 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 2, 2017 Monday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Memoranda: Require food service employees to
obtain first aid training in CPR and the Heimlich maneuver

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following Memoranda
updates:



 Colleagues, when the House returns for the upcoming legislative session, I will
introduce free-standing legislation intended to require food service employees
of retail food establishments to obtain first aid training in CPR and the
Heimlich maneuver. The term "retail food establishment" would be defined to mean
"any public eating or drinking place which serves food or beverages, with
charge, to the public for on-premises consumption and which is required to
register with the Department of Agriculture in accordance with 3 Pa.C.S. §5734."




 Briefly, my legislation would require employees of food establishments where
food is served for on-premises consumption to secure training and certification
in emergency first aid. Such first aid training would include instruction in the
Heimlich maneuver, pursuant to a training program approved by the Department of
Health as described in the Red Cross Manual 32-1138 and CPR pursuant to a
training program provided by the Red Cross or a similar organization, as
approved by the Department of Health. The Department of Health would be required
to consult with the Department of Agriculture to determine whether any or all
employees of retail food facilities under 3 Pa.C.S. §5703 should be exempt from
the first aid training and certification requirement.





 As provided in the proposal, a proprietor of a food establishment could
designate at least one food service employee who holds a valid first aid
training certificate to be present at all hours during which food or beverages
are sold or offered for sale. In such cases, training and certification could be
waived for all other food service employees. The training and certification
requirement could also be waived in cases of undue hardship, and when a local
health authority would determine that a food service employee's work assignment
renders first aid training impracticable or unnecessary. As stipulated in the
legislation, no food establishment, proprietor of a food establishment or food
service employee would be civil or criminally liable for a good faith
application of emergency first aid by a trained and certified food service
employee.



 Furthermore, the legislation would require proprietors of retail food
establishments to post graphic displays of the Heimlich maneuver in conspicuous
areas of the food establishment. The posting would depict, in both words and
pictures, the signs to look for to determine if an individual is choking and the
method for performing the anti-choking procedure. Other provisions of the
legislation enumerate the powers and duties of the Department of Health and
local health authorities.



 I thank you in advance for joining me as a sponsor of this legislative
proposal.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 2, 2017 Monday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Memoranda: Require food service employees to
obtain first aid training in CPR and the Heimlich maneuver

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following Memoranda
updates:



 Colleagues, when the House returns for the upcoming legislative session, I will
introduce free-standing legislation intended to require food service employees
of retail food establishments to obtain first aid training in CPR and the
Heimlich maneuver. The term "retail food establishment" would be defined to mean
"any public eating or drinking place which serves food or beverages, with
charge, to the public for on-premises consumption and which is required to
register with the Department of Agriculture in accordance with 3 Pa.C.S. §5734."




 Briefly, my legislation would require employees of food establishments where
food is served for on-premises consumption to secure training and certification
in emergency first aid. Such first aid training would include instruction in the
Heimlich maneuver, pursuant to a training program approved by the Department of
Health as described in the Red Cross Manual 32-1138 and CPR pursuant to a
training program provided by the Red Cross or a similar organization, as
approved by the Department of Health. The Department of Health would be required
to consult with the Department of Agriculture to determine whether any or all
employees of retail food facilities under 3 Pa.C.S. §5703 should be exempt from
the first aid training and certification requirement.





 As provided in the proposal, a proprietor of a food establishment could
designate at least one food service employee who holds a valid first aid
training certificate to be present at all hours during which food or beverages
are sold or offered for sale. In such cases, training and certification could be
waived for all other food service employees. The training and certification
requirement could also be waived in cases of undue hardship, and when a local
health authority would determine that a food service employee's work assignment
renders first aid training impracticable or unnecessary. As stipulated in the
legislation, no food establishment, proprietor of a food establishment or food
service employee would be civil or criminally liable for a good faith
application of emergency first aid by a trained and certified food service
employee.



 Furthermore, the legislation would require proprietors of retail food
establishments to post graphic displays of the Heimlich maneuver in conspicuous
areas of the food establishment. The posting would depict, in both words and
pictures, the signs to look for to determine if an individual is choking and the
method for performing the anti-choking procedure. Other provisions of the
legislation enumerate the powers and duties of the Department of Health and
local health authorities.



 I thank you in advance for joining me as a sponsor of this legislative
proposal.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     August 15, 1999, Sunday, Home Edition

Black farmers doubt USDA probe will end aid bias;
 Critics say agency should look at big picture, not just five isolated cases.

BYLINE: Alan Judd, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Local News; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 574 words

Federal authorities are investigating whether black farmers in two Georgia
counties were denied disaster relief because of their race.

But black farmers who recently settled a $ 2 billion discrimination suit against
the U.S. Department of Agriculture contend the investigation is too narrowly
focused and should be broadened to examine whether the withholding of disaster
aid is a prevalent problem.

"That is typical of the USDA," said J.L. Chestnut, a civil rights lawyer in
Selma, Ala., who represented the farmers in the discrimination case. "They're
looking in selected counties when the problem is universal. I doubt they can
find a county where blacks live and there is not discrimination in the awarding
of disaster aid."

Agriculture officials declined to identify the counties where their
investigation is focused. Laura Trivers, a USDA spokeswoman, would say only that
the department's civil rights office and inspector general are examining
allegations about disaster relief practices in two Farm Service Agency county
offices in Georgia and three in Arkansas.

"We take such complaints very seriously, and we will investigate them
thoroughly," Trivers said.

Officials with the agency's state office in Athens did not respond to requests
for an interview. The state Agriculture Department said it has no role in the
investigation.

Black farmers say the problem lies in the USDA system for distributing aid. In
each county, an advisory committee of farmers --- typically wealthy and white,
black farmers claim --- decides how to disburse a lump sum of money allocated to
its county.

After weather-related disasters such as droughts or floods, the committees
typically settle claims by white farmers first, said Melvin Bishop, president of
the Georgia chapter of the Black Farmers and Agriculturalists Association.

"When it comes to black farmers, they aren't contacted until the money has
already run out," said Bishop, who raises beef cattle in Putnam County.

Willie Adams, a beef and poultry farmer in Greene County, said black farmers
suffer from a cycle of racism. The USDA committees justify giving less disaster
relief to black farmers because they generally have smaller farms, Adams said.
But that's the case, he said, only because black farmers often have trouble
getting loans to expand. Then when disasters hit, he said, they don't get enough
aid to resume their previous level of farming, which causes them to qualify for
even less assistance the next time around.

"We only get the crumbs," Adams said. "We don't get the benefits we're due."

The USDA admitted to discrimination in disaster relief when it settled the black
farmers' class-action lawsuit last spring.

Under that settlement, the department will pay as much as $ 2 billion to about
20,000 black farmers, each of whom will receive $ 50,000, plus $ 12,500 to pay
taxes. In addition, their debts to the USDA will be written off.

But the settlement doesn't prevent the USDA from continuing discriminatory
practices, said Gary Grant, national president of the North Carolina-based Black
Farmers Association.

"One of the biggest complaints we have is no one has been terminated for the
actions they've taken," Grant said. "So why should the folk be changing now? . .
. The department has admitted it's guilty, but has not done one thing to rectify
it.

"What have we got here?" he said. "A bittersweet victory that yields nothing."

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Willie Adams, a beef and poultry farmer in Greene County, says black farmers
suffer from a cycle of racism. He sued the USDA for discrimination in lending
practices. / Steve Deal / Staff

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              124 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 9, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

CHIMPS STOLEN FROM AIDS LAB

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section C; Page 14, Column 1; Science Desk

LENGTH: 350 words

DATELINE: ROCKVILLE, Md., Dec. 8


Animal rights activists have stolen four baby chimpanzees to be used for AIDS
and hepatitis research from a medical laboratory here, representatives of an
animal rights group said today.

The animals were stolen from the SEMA Inc. biomedical research laboratory. Dr.
Jere Phillips, veterinarian in charge at the laboratory, said today the
chimpanzees were discovered missing about 7:30 A.M. Sunday.

''They have been taken,'' Dr. Phillips said. ''It's under investigation now.''

He said officials have not determined exactly how or when the theft occurred.

Ingrid Newkirk, a spokeswoman for People for Ethical Treatment of Animals, said
another group named True Friends had claimed responsibility for taking the
animals.

''We are their mouthpiece,'' she said. ''What they say is what we say. They are
busy and have animals on their hands at the moment.''

She said the chimpanzees were taken because they were slated to be used for AIDS
and hepatitis research and that animals at the lab were not given proper care.

Dr. Phillips disputed her assertions.

''Our facility is accredited by the American Association for Accreditation for
Laboratory Animal Care. We are routinely inspected by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture,'' he said. He said the last inspection was about a month ago.

Dr. Phillips said the 14-year-old facility, which is privately run but gets
money from and does research for the National Institutes of Health, has about
600 primates on the premises for research on hepatitis, influenza and chemical
carcinogens.

He said the AIDS research to date ''has been very low key.''

He said the chimps that were taken had not been used in any experiment yet.

The police in Rockville said the laboratory is on property owned by the National
Institutes of Health, the news agency Reuters reported. The news agency said the
group Ms. Newkirk represents had said it would make public films and records
seized at the laboratory. The group said the records would show that dozens of
animals had died at the laboratory and that others had gone mad while sealed in
isolation chambers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              125 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 24, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

AROUND THE NATION;
Lack of Insurance Imperils Farm Concert

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 168 words

DATELINE: AUSTIN, Tex., June 23


The singer Willie Nelson said today that a concert July 4 to benefit family
farmers would be canceled unless liability insurance could be bought.

''So far, no one has come forth to say, 'Well, we'll insure for X amount of
dollars,' '' he said. ''We're ready for someone to come forward.''

Mr. Nelson told a news conference that he was ''fairly confident'' the insurance
would be secured in time for the concert, a sequel to the Farm Aid concert last
September.

He said the concert was moved from its original site, the University of Texas
Memorial Stadium, because nobody would offer liability insurance and because
ticket sales were slow. He said liability insurance at the first Farm Aid
concert cost only $30,000.

The Texas Agriculture Commissioner, Jim Hightower, said a company originally
offered to insure Farm Aid II at Memorial Stadium for $200,000 but later
withdrew the offer.

The proposed new site, Southpark Meadows, is a 60-acre outdoor amphitheater
about six miles south of Austin.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              126 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

Penn State agricultural offices in crosshairs

BYLINE: Robert Swift,, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 400 words


March 03--HARRISBURG -- Pennsylvania State University is making contingency
plans to close its network of agricultural extension offices should missing
state aid for the current fiscal year not be provided before May, a top campus
official said Wednesday.

Penn State Provost Nick Jones, Ph.D, and presidents of three other universities
receiving state aid warned of a looming fiscal crisis due to the state budget
stalemate. Dr. Jones appeared at a Capitol press conference with leaders of
Temple University, Lincoln University and the University of Pittsburgh. They
spoke after testifying at Senate and House budget hearings.

Dr. Jones said everything is on the table, including potential student tuition
hikes, cutting expenses and curbing travel, to offset the absence of $224
million in state aid. Penn State is also without $48 million in state aid for
the ag extension offices in all 67 counties and agricultural research.

The extension offices provide information and research to farmers, businesses
and communities in areas ranging from 4-H programs to certifying food safety and
managing water, soil and forest resources.

The absence of state aid can affect 1,100 agriculture faculty and extension
office jobs, thousands of volunteers and more than 100,000 people who use the
programs, including 4-H students, said Dr. Jones. The absence of this state aid
jeopardizes Penn State's ability to draw an additional $91 million in federal
and county funds for the extension offices, he added.

"It's really a very dif-

ficult position we find ourselves in," Dr. Jones told

lawmakers.

Pennsylvania has operated under a partial $23 billion state budget since late
December that doesn't provide enough funding to cover the entire fiscal year
through June for public schools, the corrections department and a range of other
programs. Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf vetoed $7 billion from a budget bill passed
by Republican lawmakers saying it lacked enough revenue to support the spending.

The lack of bipartisan agreement on the main budget has stalled action on a
separate appropriations bill for the four universities. That bill requires a
two-thirds vote in the House and Senate and Mr. Wolf's signature to be enacted.

Contact the writer:

rswift@timesshamrock.com

___ (c)2016 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160303-YT-Penn-State-agricultural-offices-in-crosshairs-0303-20160303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Tribune


                              127 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                          November 11, 2015 Wednesday

South Carolina: Clemson Extension notifying farmers of flood assistance

LENGTH: 386 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Columbia: Clemson University, The State of South Carolina has issued the
following news release:



 The charitable organization Farm Aid is working with Clemson University
Extension and other organizations to distribute grants to farmers affected by
this year&rsquo;s flooding.





 Additionally, South Carolina Commissioner of Agriculture Hugh Weathers led the
creation of Plant It Forward SC, a flood relief fund for farmers. Plant it
Forward SC is an initiative by S.C. Advocates for Agriculture with support from
the S.C. Department of Agriculture, Clemson University, S.C. Farm Bureau and
Palmetto AgriBusiness Council. Information on donating or receiving funds is
available online at www.plantitforwardsc.org.



 Farm Aid activated its Family Farm Disaster Fund to aid in the immediate relief
effort for South Carolina farmers afflicted by flood and has raised more than
$15,000 in emergency assistance so far. Every dollar raised will support farmers
who have experienced damages due to flooding and strengthen local and national
farm organizations that can provide the resources and expertise that farmers
need to recover, Farm Aid said.



 &ldquo;Our hearts go out to the South Carolina farmers who saw their precious
crops washed away by rushing waters,&rdquo; said Farm Aid&rsquo;s farm advocate
Jennie Msall. &ldquo;We understand both the financial and emotional toll that
disasters, such as this, can have on an individual. That is why we are proud to
join in the relief effort to help South Carolina family farmers rebuild their
farms and livelihoods so they can get back to the important work they do for all
of us.&rdquo;



 Farm Aid is working with several regional and national organizations that are
on the ground with farmers in South Carolina to distribute emergency grants to
farm families affected by flooding and to develop resources that help farmers
navigate their farm recovery options, from mental health resources to federal
funding opportunities. Other organizations working with Farm Aid include
Carolina Farm Stewardship Association, Farmers Legal Action Group, Federation of
Southern Cooperatives, GrowFood Carolina, Lowcountry Local First, RAFI-USA and
Sustainable Midlands.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Knight Ridder Washington Bureau

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 18, 2009 Friday

California dairies unhappy with USDA aid plan

BYLINE: Michael Doyle, McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 737 words


Dec. 18--WASHINGTON -- Disappointed Central Valley dairies can now start tapping
a $290 million aid package unveiled Thursday by the Agriculture Department.

The much-anticipated program will provide dairies with one-time payments meant
to offset economic losses due to plunging milk prices and rising production
costs. As dairy policies often do, it also exposes sharp divisions among
regions.

"Unfortunately, once again, it appears that the politicians in the Midwest have
a little more sway in this program," said Michael Marsh, chief executive officer
of the Modesto-based Western United Dairymen.

An individual dairy might receive up to about $19,200, based on current
estimates. Farmers whose records are already on file with the Agriculture
Department could have money wired into their bank accounts as early as Christmas
Eve.

While acknowledging the payments can be "a help," Marsh stressed California
dairy farmers wanted a different program that didn't cap payments based on farm
production. The Agriculture Department program presented Thursday effectively
penalizes California and other Western states with large dairy herds, Marsh
said.

"As a dairyman, I'll take whatever they want to give us ... but this is not a
fair and equitable program," Fresno County dairy farmer Pete De Groot said,
adding that he thought the distribution of funds was "outrageous."

By contrast, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack characterized the program as help
"during these tough economic times," and it won praise from the Minnesota
Democrat who chairs the House Agriculture Committee, Rep. Collin Peterson.

"This is an essential stopgap measure," Peterson said.

The $290 million is part of the Dairy Economic Loss Assistance Program, which
also includes a $60 million federal cheese purchase. While the dairy industry
had united in seeking help, as milk prices plunged 27 percent between late 2008
and early 2009, nailing down details proved tricky.

Led by Tulare County, California produces more milk than any other state.
California's dairies also tend to be much larger than those in the Midwest and
elsewhere. This disparity invariably complicates congressional efforts to craft
dairy subsidies and programs.

In October, when Congress was rushing to finalize the Agriculture Department
spending bill, Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer temporarily blocked the legislation
over concerns it would shortchange California's larger dairies.

Boxer's move won her a meeting with the agriculture secretary. Boxer
subsequently declared the conversation to be "very encouraging," and she
indicated Vilsack had pledged funds would be distributed in a "regionally
equitable" way. Precisely what this meant was left up in the air.

Nonetheless, the final program limits payments based on production. Dairy
producers in states with smaller herds feared that without the limits,
Californians might soak up most of the money.

"This is a clear example of going against congressional intent," Boxer spokesman
Zachary Coile said Thursday. "This announcement does not meet the test of
regional equity that was promised by the secretary."

Coile added that the $60 million cheese purchase program should help some.

The direct payments will amount to an estimated 32 cents per hundredweight. A
hundredweight is equivalent to 100 pounds. The Agriculture Department will
estimate a dairy's annual production based on what was produced between February
and July 2009.

Payments will be capped at a maximum annual production of 6 million pounds for
each dairy operation. At 32 cents per hundredweight, a dairy producing 6 million
pounds could receive about $19,200.

With individual California dairy cows producing about 22,000 pounds of milk a
year, this limit amounts to a herd of roughly 272 cows.

The average California dairy herd is about 825 cows. In Wisconsin, the nation's
No. 2 dairy state, the average herd size is only about 87.

"California has probably been hit harder than any other state," De Groot said,
"but they're giving the same amount of money to small herds."

To see more stories from the McClatchy Washington Bureau, go to
http://www.mcclatchydc.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, McClatchy Newspapers
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091218-WA-DAIR-AID-20091218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WA


                 Copyright 2009 Knight Ridder Washington Bureau


                              129 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 24, 1991, Thursday, Final Edition

Bush Considers More Aid for Soviets;
Gorbachev Seeking $ 4.5 Billion in Loan Guarantees, Other Food Help

John E. Yang, Guy Gugliotta, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A43

LENGTH: 630 words


President Bush is considering granting at least part of Soviet President Mikhail
Gorbachev's request for $ 3.5 billion in additional U.S.-guaranteed loans to buy
American grain and $ 1 billion in other humanitarian aid to help avoid food
shortages this winter, administration officials said yesterday.

The request, which came in a letter from Gorbachev to Bush that officials said
arrived at the White House Tuesday night, is part of Gorbachev's appeal for a
total $ 11 billion from the world's leading industrialized democracies.
Gorbachev's goal is to keep this year's Soviet grain supplies at the same level
as last year, according to lawmakers who met with Soviet trade officials last
week.

Bush would like to have a package of assistance ready to offer Gorbachev when
the two leaders meet in Madrid next Tuesday, according to administration
officials. Bush and Gorbachev will be in Spain to help open a Middle East peace
conference, sponsored jointly by the United States and the Soviet Union, on
Wednesday.

Officials from the State, Treasury and Agriculture departments are drafting an
aid plan and focusing on two areas: additional credits for purchases of U.S.
grain, and technical assistance such as help in creating wholesale markets,
setting up model farms and improving food distribution systems, White House
press secretary Marlin Fitzwater said yesterday.

"That's essentially where we're going," Fitzwater said, adding that a decision
will be announced "relatively soon."

Since December, the United States has pledged $ 2.5 billion in food aid to the
Soviet Union, most of it in U.S.-backed loans to buy grain from American
farmers. Administration officials also have discussed seeking congressional
approval to take money allotted for foreign aid in the current fiscal year and
use it to provide technical assistance to the Soviet Union, according to
congressional budget aides.

A Soviet trade delegation outlined their country's food needs late last week in
a series of meetings with congressional agriculture leaders. The group included:
Yuri Chumakov, deputy minister for foreign economic relations; Victor Akulenin,
a member of the Commission for Food Procurement; Oleg Klimov, general director
of "Exportkhleb," a food exporting organization; and Alexander Yakovlev, deputy
trade representative to the United States.

The Soviets said they would use the additional credits to buy corn, wheat,
soybeans and soybean meal -- commodities they have purchased in bulk from the
United States for years -- to make up for shortfalls in this year's Soviet grain
harvest, according to House Agriculture Committee Chairman E "Kika" de la Garza
(D-Tex.).

Chumakov said this year's Soviet grain harvest is about 170 million metric tons,
about one-fifth less than the average yield of between 220 million and 240
million metric tons, according to Rep. David R. Nagle (D-Iowa). Agriculture
Department officials who recently returned from the Soviet Union, however, said
the shortfall was not much different from other recent, disappointing harvests.

Further, Agriculture Secretary Edward R. Madigan told Bush Tuesday that "while
there will be hardships during the coming winter, there is no expectation of
famine," according to Fitzwater.

The latest mission to Moscow, St. Petersburg and Kiev confirmed earlier findings
that the main food supply problem is distribution, not production. "They have
food around the country, they just don't always have it in the right places,"
Fitzwater said.

Political tensions among the Soviet republics also may exacerbate distribution
problems amid squabbling over control of the system, according to congressional
aides who have studied the problem. In addition, the political uncertainty has
encouraged food hoarding.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, MUSCOVITES REACH FOR EGGS AT POORLY STOCKED GOVERNMENT STORE.
SOVIETS ARE SEEKING U.S. AID TO AVOID WINTER FOOD SHORTAGES. AFP

TYPE: FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              130 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 18, 2007 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Agriculture: Help targets drought, wildfires, heavy snow ;
Lucas works on bill to aid state farmers;
If approved despite lawmaker resistance, it would cover only a portion of
losses.

BYLINE: Chris Casteel, Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 694 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - Rep. Frank Lucas, who has been trying for nearly two years to
secure disaster aid for the nation's farmers, has been working behind the scenes
on a relief package that would mean "substantial" help for Oklahoma producers
hit by drought, wildfires and heavy snow.

Lucas, R-Cheyenne, said he has been pushing to get money included in the
emergency spending bill that Congress must pass in the next few weeks to fund
the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.

"I've been working on this non-stop," Lucas said. "I think there is a real
window of opportunity for money to be added to the military appropriations
bill."

Lucas, whose district includes most of western Oklahoma and the farming and
ranching communities there, recently introduced relief legislation similar to a
bill that died in the past Congress. The bill provides a system of distributing
aid for a number of disasters.

As high as $4 billion

In an interview last week, Lucas said the cost of the bill could be as high as
$4 billion.

He said the legislation would not cover multiple disasters for an individual
farmer. Instead, he said, farmers and ranchers would have to pick one fiscal
year out of the last three - including the one that began Oct. 1 - in which they
suffered the worst loss. The aid in his bill would cover only a percentage of
that loss, he said, not the entire amount.

"If you're a wheat farmer in western Oklahoma, you might pick (fiscal year) 2005
or 2006" because of the drought, Lucas said. "If you're in Cimarron County and
your cattle are under a snowdrift, you might pick '07."

Fast and efficient

He said his legislation uses procedures employed in the past to distribute
disaster aid and would make the delivery to farmers fast and efficient. Lucas
said the chairman of the House Agriculture Committee told him recently his bill
would probably be the most effective of those proposed.

Because Oklahoma farmers and ranchers have been victimized by disasters
including drought, snow and wildfires in the past three years, the state's
producers would receive a "substantial" amount of money, Lucas said.

Several lawmakers in the House and Senate pushed for disaster relief late last
year. However, major spending decisions were delayed when the Republican
Congress failed to pass the appropriations bills for the Agriculture Department
and most other government departments and agencies.

Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., said he would push for disaster aid on the emergency
spending bill for the military. Congress is expected to take up that measure in
the next few weeks.

Dorgan and about a dozen other senators recently sent a letter to President Bush
asking for a meeting on the issue of disaster relief. The letter states:

"Although the vast majority of the producers we represent carry crop insurance
to help them manage the risks inherent in agriculture, crop insurance was never
designed to cover repeated years of devastating weather or livestock losses
sustained by ranchers. As a result, many farm and ranch families badly need an
agricultural disaster relief package if they are to stay on the land."

Wrong message?

Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Muskogee, who opposed a Senate disaster relief package
debated late last year, raised the issue of crop insurance, arguing that the
disaster aid proposal sent a message to farmers that they didn't have to buy the
protection.

Coburn and other fiscal conservatives may object to any disaster aid being part
of the war funding bill since it would be considered emergency spending and
wouldn't be offset by spending cuts in other areas.

Lucas said the disaster aid money would be added to the federal debt and
predicted that support "will be a challenge for fiscal conservatives" in both
parties.

He said Democratic leaders also may try to hold down the cost of the aid package
to be consistent with their calls for fiscal discipline.

Portion of losses

In the last Congress, Lucas' legislation was less expensive than other
proposals, including ones pushed late last year in the Senate. He emphasized
last week that his proposal would only cover a portion of farmers' losses.

"These government programs will never make anybody whole," he said.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            March 4, 1993, Thursday

AROUND DEKALB Family Reading Club under way

BYLINE: Compiled by staff writers Donna Williams Lewis, Greig Guthey and Betsy
White.organizations; families; meetings; avondale/estates; horticulture; awards;
television; colleges; costs

SECTION: EXTRA; Section A; Page 2

LENGTH: 288 words


The annual Family Reading Club Program of the DeKalb County Public Library is
now under way. Families are encouraged to pick up pledge folders as soon as
possible from any county library branch.

Families can pledge to read for five, 10 or 15 minutes together each day,
keeping track of their time in the pledge folder.

The program runs through May 15 when a closing event will be held at the Decatur
Library for families who have completed their reading commitment. Each family
will enjoy games and will be recognized for its achievement with a certificate,
bookmark and sticker.

Avondale Estates: Tree City USA

Avondale Estates is one of 41 cities in Georgia selected as a Tree City USA for
1993, officials said.

It is the ninth year the city has received the honor from the National Arbor Day
Foundation in cooperation with the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Forest
Service and the National Association of State Foresters.

"They are aware of the value of trees and their contribution to their city from
an aesthetic and an environmental point of view," said Dan Dossin of the Georgia
Forestry Commission, who said trees provide, among other things, a cooling
effect, a natural filter for pollution and homes for wildlife.

Cable firms offer 12 scholarships

High school seniors interested in studying business or communications at a
Georgia college can get scholarships of $ 1,000 a year from a consortium of
local cable companies. Twelve such scholarships will be awarded to seniors with
B averages or better, based on academic achievement, community involvement,
career goals and other factors. At least two of the scholarships are reserved
for students from DeKalb County. For information, call 923-2262.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH930770368

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              132 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Delaware State News

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 23, 2007 Thursday

Aid sought for farmers; Minner requests federal funding for drought losses

BYLINE: Kate House-Layton, Delaware State News, Dover

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 341 words


Aug. 23--DOVER -- Gov. Ruth Ann Minner on Wednesday announced her request for
drought disaster funds for Delaware farmers from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

Gov. Minner sent the request letter to USDA Secretary Mike Johanns.

"Protecting our farmers is vital to the success of our agriculture industry,"
Gov. Minner said.

"The crop losses brought on by this year's dry conditions have had a significant
impact on most of Delaware's farmers and my request will hopefully provide them
with some relief."

State Secretary of Agriculture Michael T. Scuse and the state Farm Service
Agency's Delaware emergency board recommended the request based on estimates
that 90 percent of the state's farmers sustained crop losses in excess of 30
percent of their expected production.

The governor also received minutes of the emergency board's Aug. 14 meeting
minutes on drought conditions for all three Delaware counties and rainfall and
temperature data for the crop year.

Richard Bergold, state executive director of the emergency board and Farm
Service Agency, said this year's drought and summer heat substantially affected
corn, soybeans, green beans, lima beans, corn silage, sorghum, hay and pasture.

The recent rain, he said, is not enough to repair some of the damage, and
irrigation costs money.

"It's way too late for corn," Mr. Bergold said.

The rain, he said, could help second crop soybeans, but farms are approaching
the end of the growing season.

Mr. Bergold was not sure how much Delaware would receive in relief funds.

Farmers would have to apply and qualify within eight months for loans to help
them recover from the loss, he said.

To see more of Delaware State News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newszap.com/dover Copyright (c) 2007, Delaware State News, Dover
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070823-DS-FARMERS-AID-20070823

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DS


                       Copyright 2007 Delaware State News


                              133 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 26, 1993, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Farm Aid: 'Iowa corn,' a Clinton and criticism

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 255 words


Farm Aid VI co-hosts Tom and Roseanne Arnold were crowd favorites in Ames, Iowa,
Saturday as they sang the Green Acres theme song, Johnny B. Goode and Whole
Lotta Shakin' Going On.

"I am pure Iowa corn - proud of it," Ottumwa-raised Tom told the crowd of
40,000. "You can say that again," Roseanne echoed.

On a more serious note, Neil Young criticized the Clinton administration, as the
president's brother looked on. Young was upset Farm Aid had deteriorated into "a
party."

He was especially critical that Clinton had not sent Vice President Al Gore or
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy to a Friday subcommittee meeting in Ames on
how the USDA can better respond to family farmers' needs.

"Where is Gore? Where is Espy?" Young asked. "I'm not too happy to be here."

Since the first Farm Aid, more than $ 10.8 million has been raised for about 100
farm-related groups in 43 states.

"We're tired of helping," Young said. "Helping is not what we're about. I
thought when we got rid of Bush and Reagan there was going to be a change.  Then
we wouldn't need any more Farm Aids. I don't have respect for the
administration."

Other stars at Farm Aid VI included Lyle Lovett, John Mellencamp, Bruce Hornsby,
Bryan Adams, Lou Diamond Phillips, Yakov Smirnoff.

Headliner Willie Nelson was more hopeful, saying, "There is a change coming."

Roger Clinton, the president's brother, said he personally paid more than $
6,000 to bring his band to Ames to show farmer support. "It's a damn shameful
situation," he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Larry Kaplan

TYPE: People

BEHIND THE SCENES WITH THE FAMOUS AND THE FASCINATING

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              134 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 11, 1991, Monday, Final Edition

New Farm Export Chief

From news services and staff reports

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A7; THE FEDERAL PAGE ; TAKING POINTS

LENGTH: 136 words


Duane Acker, former president of Kansas State University and a foreign aid
expert, has been named to head the Agriculture Department's main farm export
agency, the Foreign Agricultural Service.

Acker succeeds Rolland E. "Bud" Anderson, a career agency employee who held the
job since mid-1989. Anderson, because of an illness in his family, had asked to
be reassigned, the department said.

Most recently, Acker has been head of the department's Office for International
Cooperation and Development. Before that, he was assistant to the administrator
for food and agriculture at the Agency for International Development in the
State Department.

While at AID, Acker concurrently served as a distinguished professor at Kansas
State University, in Manhattan. He was president of K-State from 1975 to 1986.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              135 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      July 16, 1993, Friday, City Edition

Clinton warns aid won't pay all losses

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; FLOOD NOTEBOOK; THE MIDWEST FLOOD; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 558 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; EAST ST. LOUIS, Ill.



Midwest floods may cause $ 5-billion to $ 10-billion in damages, President
Clinton said Thursday, but he warned people not to expect government to pay  for
everything.

"There is a big distinction between aggregate loss and what is normally
compensable by federal programs," he said.

Some aid, such as low-interest loans, would not cover full losses. Some aid
requires matching money from state and local government. Some types of losses
may not be covered at all.

Clinton will fly to St. Louis on Saturday on his third visit to the flooded
Midwest. He will meet with governors and other officials.

The $ 2.5-billion Clinton has requested for emergency flood relief could
increase, the president said after meeting flood-state lawmakers on Capitol
Hill. But Clinton did not say by how much.

The largest chunk, about $ 1-billion, would go to disaster relief  administered
by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The bill also includes  spending for road
and bridge repairs and rebuilding of damaged dams and other  flood control
works.

Gambling goes on

as river rises

EAST ST. LOUIS, Ill. - The Mississippi River rose, rolling storm clouds
blackened the sky and Loesteen Jenkins fed quarters into slot machines on the
floating Casino Queen.

"The way I look at it is, life goes on," said Jenkins, who won nearly  $ 200.
"There's always something going on somewhere. People are having  funerals
everyday. But life doesn't stop."

The 57-foot-tall riverboat gaming hall normally takes cruises from its  mooring
facing the St. Louis Arch and skyline, but now the river is so high it  can't
make it under a bridge. "We'd go right through it," said Michael  Gaughan, owner
and operator.

Floodgates protecting a tunnel that served as the casino's entrance had to  be
closed, but a makeshift walkway and ramp have kept a strong flow of  customers.
About 5,000 gamblers show up daily despite the flood, Gaughan said.

Scott Nobbe, who farms in Waterloo, 20 miles south of here, took a break  from
the quarter and dollar slots to watch the swirling river from the  observation
deck. His trip to the riverboat was in part a reward.

"I've been helping people move livestock out of the bottom," he said,
describing the effort to get about 200 hogs away from a levee. "I don't feel
guilty."  How to help

Here are some relief agencies collecting money for flood victims. Checks  should
be earmarked for Midwest flood victims:

American Red Cross, Disaster Relief Fund, P.O. Box 37243, Washington, DC  20013.
Credit-card donations: (800) 842-2200. Spanish-language: (800)  257-7575.

American Friends Service Committee, 92 Piedmont Ave. N.E., Atlanta, GA  30303.
Telephone: (404) 586-0460.

Disaster Relief Fund of B'nai B'rith, 1640 Rhode Island Ave. N.W.,  Washington,
DC 20036.

Catholic Charities USA, Disaster Response, Midwest Flood Relief Processing
Center, 13331 Pennsylvania Ave., Hagerstown, MD 21742.

Church World Service, Box 968, Elkhart, IN 46515.

Episcopal Church Center, Presiding Bishop's Fund for World Relief, 815  Second
Ave., New York, NY 10017.

Southern Baptist Brotherhood Commission, 1548 Poplar Ave., Memphis, TN  38104.
(901) 272-2461. Accepting donations for water purification equipment.

World Relief, P.O. Box WRC, Wheaton IL, 60189. (800) 535-5433.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              136 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             July 8, 2006 Saturday

Farm Aid back for 19th concert

SECTION: Z_LIFE

LENGTH: 990 words


The seeds of Farm Aid were planted in Philadelphia in 1985 when Bob Dylan,
performing in the Live Aid benefit for Africa, said something should be done to
help American farmers.

Now Farm Aid is coming to the region for its 19th fundraising concert, to be
held Sept. 30 at the Tweeter Center in Camden, N.J.

Farm Aid co-founder Neil Young made the announcement Thursday at Reading
Terminal Market, a downtown Philadelphia landmark known for its fresh produce.

Organizers said the location makes sense because half the land in Pennsylvania
and New Jersey is used for agriculture, and the area boasts more than 200
farmers' markets.

Benefit concerts have been held in a dozen states since 1985. The Philadelphia
region is the second area in the Northeast to host one; two were held in the
Washington area in 1999 and 2000.

This year's lineup includes Young and his Farm Aid co-founders, Willie Nelson
and John Mellencamp. Dave Matthews, who joined the Boston-based organization's
board of directors in 2001, will also perform.

Farm Aid's goals include supporting family farms, fighting corporate agriculture
, advocating fair prices and encouraging people to buy food grown locally. The
organization has raised more than $29 million over two decades, officials said.

Young, who grew up in small town in Canada surrounded by farms, said the
problems faced by family farms seem to get ''swept under the rug.''

''It is unfortunate that we have to continue doing this,'' Young said. ''I
really hope that we don't have to do Farm Aid forever.''

Russell Crowe's wife delivers their second child

Danielle Spencer, wife of Oscar-winning actor Russell Crowe, gave birth Friday
to the couple's second child.

Tennyson Spencer Crowe was born at Royal North Shore Hospital in Sydney,
weighing about 8 pounds, said Crowe's Australian manager, Grant Vandenberg.

''Mother, father and baby are doing extremely well,'' he said.

It is the second child for the celebrity couple and a brother for 2-year-old
Charlie.

Crowe -- who won an Oscar for his role in the 2000 film ''Gladiator'' -- married
Spencer in a star-studded Australian wedding in 2003.

Crowe, who was born in New Zealand and raised in Australia, had said he planned
to be in the delivery room with a video camera when the baby was born.

The 42-year-old actor has said fatherhood changed his life.

''I'm very involved in being a dad,'' Crowe told TV show ''Entertainment
Tonight'' in May 2005. ''My days, if they start in the morning with a cuddle
from my son, are just so much more glorious than they were prior to that.''

Downey Jr. intends to write his memoirs

Robert Downey Jr., whose own life story at times has been gripping, intends to
write his memoirs.

The 41-year-old actor has signed a deal with HarperEntertainment, an imprint of
HarperCollins Publishers, the company announced Thursday. The book is set to be
released in 2008.

The publisher, which did not disclose the terms of pact, promised a ''candid
look at the highs and lows of his life and career.'''

Downey suffered from recurring drug and alcohol problems in the 1990s, prison
time, court-ordered rehab and probation that ended in 2002.

He stars as a drug user in the new movie ''A Scanner Darkly,'' which opened
Friday.

Kidman, Urban attract gawkers in Nashville

Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban watched a holiday fireworks display from the
rooftop of a popular pool hall in Nashville, Tenn., and a lot of gawkers watched
them.

Fresh off their whirlwind Australian wedding and honeymoon, the 39-year-old
actress and 38-year-old country singer snapped photos of the Fourth of July
display from Buffalo Billiards near the riverfront.

Before the fireworks, they were in a small room in the back of the billiards
club, set off by velvet ropes and several security guards.

But patrons could see into the room.

''Girls and guys alike could be seen text messaging friends and leaving giddy
voice mails upon noticing the famous couple,'' said David Yunker, a copy editor
for The Tennessean newspaper who was in the pool hall.

Kidman and Urban, both raised in Australia, were wed June 25 in Sydney. They are
now living in Nashville, where Urban records.

Faulty lamp cause of fire in Osbourne mansion

Flames that scorched Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne's English country mansion near
London were the result of a faulty lamp, the fire service said.

Neither the couple nor their children, Amy, Jack and Kelly, were at the house in
Jordans, 26 miles west of London, when the fire broke out Thursday morning, a
family spokesman said. Paramedics treated a member of the household staff for
smoke inhalation.

Kelly Osbourne, 22, had left shortly before the blaze started.

''We were able to prevent the fire from spreading,'' said Fraser Pearson, a
spokesman for the Buckinghamshire Fire and Rescue service. ''It was relatively
small.''

The blaze, which caused minor fire and smoke damage to the entrance hallway of
the mansion, was the latest in several domestic mishaps to befall Ozzy Osbourne,
who earned fame as a heavy metal rocker in the 1970s, and his wife in recent
years.

The couple had to flee their home last year when a fire broke out in the living
room. In 2004, Ozzy Osbourne unsuccessfully tackled a thief as he raided the
house and stole a large amount of jewelry, and in 2003, he broke his collarbone,
several ribs and a neck vertebra in an all-terrain vehicle accident on the
grounds of the estate.

Kristofferson, Jennings inducted into RockWalk

Kris Kristofferson and his late friend, Waylon Jennings, have been inducted into
Hollywood's RockWalk.

''I guess it's an honor,'' said Kristofferson, 70, in a telephone interview
before putting his hands in wet cement Thursday at the sidewalk gallery on
Sunset Boulevard. ''I wish Waylon were here to enjoy it, or hate it. I guess if
you hang around long enough they give you these things.''

The RockWalk was established in 1985 to honor musicians who have made a
significant contribution to the history of music.

|-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            December 2, 2001 Sunday

FARM ILLINOIS

SECTION: MARKETPLACE; Pg. 53

LENGTH: 471 words


*  From the field

Sharon Covert of Tiskilwa, member of the Illinois Soybean Checkoff Board, who
recently traveled to Botswana to set up a new initiative to deliver soy protein
to those with HIV/AIDS:

"The soy checkoff board believes investing in this will help develop new
markets. We traveled to Africa to create partnership with soy industry groups
and the Botswana government to promote the development of a soy foods
manufacturing industry. While there, we did visit the new national food and
technology research center that has just been built. We hope to work with the
center for soy foods manufacturing.

"We want to create new local foods that are fortified with soy protein. Illinois
farmers want soy to be recognized as an excellent source of protein. We're also
working with Botswana officials to conduct feeding trials with those affected
with HIV/AIDS, and we're adopting an orphanage for feeding soy protein.

"While we know the food industry uses 70 percent of the soybeans grown, this new
use for the undernourished of the world would not be competing with that. The
population we're serving has little or no access to protein. The U.S. Department
of Agriculture says that 40 percent of current ag exports go to countries that
formerly received food aid assistance. Our program is designed to improve the
diet and nutrition in Botswana and at the same time make a commercial venture
out of adding more protein to their diets."

*  Farming the Web

The state Agriculture Department's Web site (www.agr.

state.il.us/) has undergone a major overhaul and the result is a site with lots
of useful information. It offers an update on Ty-Walk facilities, information on
the next Illinois Products Expo, a program to cap unused wells and a new
quarantine for Asian longhorned beetles. Ag events are listed as well as soil
temperature maps.

*  Coming up

*  Illinois Farm Bureau members may get a close look at what form the next
federal farm bill will take when they attend their 87th annual meeting in St.
Louis today through Wednesday. U.S. Rep. Larry Combest, a Texas Republican and
chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, will speak at the annual meeting
along with Jack Block, former U.S. agriculture secretary; Adam's Mark Hotel, St.
Louis.

*  Illinois Fish Farmers Co-op grand opening of the Fish Processing Center, 11
a.m. Tuesday, Pinckneyville. Info: (618) 357-FISH.

*  Illinois Swine Health & Management Conference, 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.
Wednesday, Extension Building, Illinois State Fairgrounds. Info: Larry Firkins,
244-8056.

*  ABCs of Horse Nutrition, 7 p.m. Dec. 10, Greene County Extension Building,
Carrollton. Speaker is Kristen Janicki, visiting Extension Equine Educator.
Info: 942-6996.

*  Cow-calf feeding workshop, 7 p.m. Dec. 11, Greene County Extension Building,
Carrollton. Info: 942-6996.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: FARMLAND WATCH SEPARATE DUE TO NFDW

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN. LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           August 11, 1993, Wednesday

Ga. farmers ready to reap drought aid

BYLINE: By Jingle Davis STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section D; Page 3

LENGTH: 127 words


Southern farmers who watched their crops shrivel and die in the long drought
this summer welcomed Tuesday's announcement by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture that federal aid will be forthcoming.

"We're waiting to see what form it will take," said Judi Lewis, who runs a
Bulloch County farm south of Statesboro with her husband, Eddie, and son, Brian.
"Even with low-interest loans, it's hard to borrow your way out of debt."

In Georgia, 154 of 159 counties were declared drought disaster areas by U.S.
Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy. Only Atkinson, Brantley, Brooks, Clinch and
Ware counties in South Georgia were excluded. Rainfall there was adequate.

Also included in Mr. Espy's declaration were most of North Carolina and all of
South Carolina.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932250334

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              139 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             October 4, 2009 Sunday
                                 FOURTH EDITION

Farm Aid hopes to reform farming The 'good food' movement wants to help family
farmers reach more people, more directly.

BYLINE: by Georgina Gustin o ggustin@post-dispatch.com > 314-340-8195

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1178 words

DATELINE: 0


St. Louis - Farm Aid, the longest-running benefit concert in the country, calls
it the "good food" movement.

But by any name, the growing American appetite for locally raised food has
conferred upon farmers a kind of celebrity status - or, at least, placed them at
the center of the American conversation about food.

"As the good food movement was emerging, we began to see that we could show
people that family farmers are the people who provide that food," said Glenda
Yoder, an associate director with Farm Aid. "We could bring attention to farms."

That attention, organizers hope, will help Farm Aid in its mission to keep
family farmers on their land - and, in the process, reshape the American food
system.

Farm Aid was founded in 1985 when Willie Nelson banded together with Neil Young,
John Mellencamp and Bob Dylan to help farmers who were losing their farms and
livelihoods in the farming crisis of that decade. For the first time, St. Louis
will host the event, which begins this afternoon at the Verizon Wireless
Amphitheater.

The inaugural Farm Aid concert was held in Champaign, Ill., drawing 80,000 and
raising nearly $7 million to help farmers stay afloat and feed their families.
Since then, the Farm Aid organization has been working to keep the plight of
farmers in the public eye.

"It did a lot to raise consciousness about agriculture," said Pat Westhoff, a
director with the Food and Agricultural Policy Research Institute at the
University of Missouri. "It's still doing that even today."

And today, Farm Aid organizers say, the biggest threat to the independence of
many family farms is the corporate consolidation that arose with so-called
factory farming in the decade that followed the farm crisis of the 1980s.
According to a 2007 U.S. Department of Agriculture report, large-scale and
nonfamily farms dominate American agriculture, accounting for 75 percent of the
value of production.

"We've seen a further concentration of production in many farming enterprises,
especially over the last 20 years," Westhoff explained. "More production is
happening on fewer farms."

That trend is continuing to push farmers with mid-sized operations out of
farming, Farm Aid and other farm advocates say.

"Big companies will expand, while independents go out of business," said Rhonda
Perry, of the Missouri Rural Crisis Center, a farm and rural advocacy group.

Farm Aid and its funded groups are pushing for changes in regulations and
policies that will help them achieve a larger goal - set up regional food
systems that would allow local farmers to reach consumers more directly. Such
systems are essential, food and farm advocates say, for the "good food" movement
to reach more people.

In that effort, Farm Aid and the groups it funds are pushing the U.S. Department
of Agriculture to enforce antitrust laws that would prevent meat packers from
controlling the supply of beef and, ultimately, the price ranchers are paid for
their cattle. They also are calling for the federal government to stop giving
direct loans to new and expanding large-scale factory poultry and hog farms. And
they're calling for the government to set a price floor for milk so dairy
farmers, coping with a decline in demand and high production costs, can survive.

"You can't have regional food systems if you don't address consolidation
issues," said Mary Hendrickson, a professor of rural sociology at the University
of Missouri. "Farm Aid is interesting because they're working on credit issues,
structural issues, and they're trying to encourage regional food systems at the
same time."

A regional food system would, in theory, mean rearranging or partly replacing an
infrastructure that's been geared to a global, industrialized system. Some areas
of the country have successfully established them.

"We need to start looking at the next level, the next horizon," said Walker
Claridge, who farms near Columbia and sells his products at the Maplewood
Farmer's Market. "That's getting our state and Department of Agriculture to set
up systems that help local farmers move stuff around in an efficient way."

Missouri, for example, has more farms - roughly 108,000 - than any other state
but Texas, so there's ample capacity. (Illinois has more than 76,000 farms.)

"We're not interested in every farm being five acres and selling at their local
market," Perry explained. "We already have a base of family farms. We're
interested in ways the traditional family farm can increase the production of
high quality, affordable, healthy food directly to local markets."

The vast majority of the 2.3 million farms in the country are called "family
farms," according to the Department of Agriculture. But many of those would not
fit Farm Aid's definition of a family farm: an operation managed and owned by a
family, or person, who has control over management decisions. Many family
farmers have lost that control, the organization says.

"We know that because of the system of consolidation and agricultural policies,
they're pushed into certain practices," Yoder explained.

Yoder and other advocates acknowledge that a network of regional food systems
has limitations, and they don't support a wholesale replacement of the status
quo. But, they believe, empowering family farmers would return some balance to a
system that's gotten lopsided.

"We're already reliant on a global food system," Claridge said. "What we need to
do is work to have a good equilibrium, so that we're producing commodities on a
large scale, and small farmers can produce within a region."

Claridge will be attending his eighth consecutive Farm Aid concert today. Two
benefit dinners, a festival in Tower Grove park, a farm policy forum, and
today's concert-based booths and food stands, are rounding out the Farm Aid
weekend.

"I'm so excited that instead of talking about what's going on in other regions
of the country, now it's Missouri and St. Louis and Illinois' turn," he said.
"We've gotten too far away from who grows our food and where it comes from. ...
Every year in the places where Farm Aid has been you start to see change."

Farming by the numbers

The U.S. Department of Agriculture defines a farm as any operation with a $1,000
in sales or more. From 1978 to 2007, the number of farms with sales less than
$2,500 grew from 460,535 to 900,327. In the same period the number of large
farms, with sales greater than $500,000, went from 17,973 to 116,286.

Farms in U.S.

1978 2,257,775

1987 2,087,759

1997 2,215,876

2007 2,204,792

Missouri farms

1978 114,963

1987 106,105

1997 110,986

2007 107,825

Illinois farms

1978 104,690

1987 88,786

1997 79,112

2007 76,660

family-owned farms

By 2002, million-dollar farms accounted for 48 percent of total agriculture
sales, compared with 23 percent in 1982. Most of these farms - 84 percent - are
family farms, which means, according to the department's definition, that the
farm operator and relatives of the operator own the business.

U.S.

1978 1,965,860

1987 1,809,324

1997 1,922,590

2007 1,906,335

Missouri

1978 101,807

1987 94,574

1997 99,050

2007 94,818

Illinois

1978 89,658

1987 75,409

1997 67,182

2007 65,748

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photos by Stephanie S. Cordle  o  scordle@post-dispatch.com  Carol
Brabo of Vesterbrook Farm in Clarksville, Mo., picks kale Wednesday for a St.
Louis-area restaurant.  Brabo hopes to apply to Farm Aid for help for the family
farm.  Mike Brabo of Vesterbrook Farm in Clarksville, Mo., picks okra Wednesday
for a restaurant order. He and his wife, Carol, own the farm.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 8, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

TECHNICAL AID FOR WORLD'S FARMERS

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 735 words

DATELINE: ROME


Millicent Fenwick, the American representative at the four United Nations
agencies based in Rome, likes to give a small example of how aid to the poor can
be effective.

In Bangladesh, Mrs. Fenwick said in an interview, a group of 20 poor women were
given a loan of $170 by the International Fund for Agricultural Development. The
women used the money to buy cows to start a small dairy business and put
themselves on the road to modest economic well-being.

''I think that IFAD, bar none, is one of the most hopeful agencies that we
have,'' Mrs. Fenwick, a former New Jersey member of Congress, said. ''What does
IFAD do? It is not handouts to alleviate suffering, it is attention paid to the
poor and the landless.''

But in the fund's offices these days, there is a mood of considerable concern.
The chief worry comes from a growing reluctance on the part of several member
governments, pressed with budgetary problems of their own, to make substantial
contributions. The United States, for example, has already failed to authorize
$40 million of a $180 million pledge made during a conference in 1980 because,
according to American officials, Congressional criticism of the fund made it
unlikely that the money would be approved.

End of U.S. Support Feared

Earlier this year there were worries at the fund over reports that the United
States was considering ending its contributions.

At a conference in February to plan for another replenishment of money for the
organization, the Amerian delegation agreed that about $1 billion more was
needed for the next three years. But a dispute has arisen between Western
contributors and the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting
Countries over how much each group should contribute. American officials have
said privately that if the OPEC countries refused to increase their share,
United States participation could indeed be terminated.

''The situation is very serious,'' Abdelmuhsin al-Sudeary of Saudi Arabia, the
president of the fund, said in an interview here before the replenishment
meeting. ''We reduced our lending this year, and if the replenishment is not
finalized in the next few months, then we will not be able to have lending
operations next year.''

Technical Assistance Provided

The four United Nations-related agencies based in Rome together spend some $2.3
billion a year in projects relating to agriculture. The parent agency is the
Food and Agriculture Organization, which collects information about farming from
its 152 member nations and gives technical assistance, mostly to developing
countries.

The United States has over the years had its quarrels with what might be called
the agricultural aid empire in Rome, particularly with the F.A.O.

Unlike a number of other agencies in the United Nations system, the F.A.O. has
rarely allowed politics to interfere in its work, Western diplomats and
officials say. In part, perhaps, this is because most of the Eastern European
countries and the Soviet Union, which are unwilling to provide the information
on their agricultural systems required by the organization, are not members.

Still, the United States has complained that the F.A.O. has failed to control
its budget, has allowed its bureaucracy to become too large and has not provided
enough information about how its money is being spent. In 1981 the United States
and several other Western countries voted against approving the organization's
budget.

Improvement Reported

Since then the situation seems to have improved, American officials say. The
F.A.O.'s budget increase was held this year to less than 2 percent.
Investigators from the State Department's Agency for International Development
went to the organization to examine its programs and, American officials say,
dissatisfaction diminished when more information was supplied about what the
agency was doing.

It is clear, however, that the Reagan Administration is looking closely at the
agricultural parts of the United Nations system and this has caused jitters
within the Rome-based agencies. Some officials here believe the issue is not
simply one of spending money, but of a philosophy of foreign aid as well. The
belief is that the Administration, squeezed in its foreign aid programs by the
huge Federal deficit, favors direct aid programs on the ground that they have
greater political benefit.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of U.N. official conferring on planting techniques

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              141 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 27, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

FARMERS FEAR A LEAN YEAR FOR AID

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section 4; Page 2, Column 3; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 892 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The farm-belt Republicans in Congress were some of President Reagan's firmest
allies during his first term. They are also among the most energetic backers of
reducing the budget deficit; indeed, those up for re-election next year expect
to campaign on their deficit-cutting efforts. But the President's plan to save
money by making fundamental changes in farm support programs is not what they
had in mind, certainly not this year.

''Given what's happening in rural America, the Administration's timing is
abominable,'' said Mark Andrews of North Dakota, one of several farm-state
Republican Senators up for re-election next year. ''This isn't the year to begin
tampering with agriculture's safety net.''

Many small and middle-size farmers are demanding more Government help. Last
week, thousands of them demonstrated in Chicago and in St. Paul, where 13,000
farm foreclosures are expected in the next 18 months in Minnesota alone if
income does not rise immediately.

Congress must produce an omnibus farm bill this year to replace the Food and
Agriculture Act of 1981. The Administration is using the opportunity to seek
drastic cuts in the system of farm subsidies and price supports, which is still
basically the same as that established by the New Deal in the 1930's.

Soon after his budget is submitted on Feb. 4, the President, through Agriculture
Secretary John R. Block, is expected to propose, in effect, phasing out subsidy
payments to grain and cotton farmers over the next five years. He is also
expected to ask for the gradual elimination of milk price supports and the
reduction of price support loans. These loans guarantee that a farmer's crop
will not be worth less than he borrowed to grow it: if the market price is too
low at repayment time, he simply gives the crop to the Government. Mr. Block
contends that if the loan rate is kept below the market price, farmers will sell
their grain and it will not pile up in the Government's warehouses. Mr. Block,
with the enthusiastic support of David A. Stockman, the budget director, also
wants new limits on the subsidies and loans a farmer can collect each year. He
is also to ask for revisions in Farmers Home Administration loan programs,
shifting much of this credit to commercial banks and providing Government
guarantees for it.

If Congress accepts these proposals, Mr. Stockman predicts, a start will be made
in fiscal year 1986 toward reducing the cost of the farm aid programs, which has
ranged from $10 billion and $19 billion annually over the past three years. If
all the Administration's legislation is accepted, he says, at least $3.8 billion
could be saved next year, $5.8 billion in 1987 and $9.5 billion in 1988.

But these plans come when farmers are still in the worst agricultural recession
since the 1930's. While the rest of the economy has been robust, farm exports
have lagged and profits have declined for three years in a row. On top of this,
many farmers are struggling to pay off loans at interest rates of 15 percent or
more, and the hundreds of small banks that hold these loans are in peril as
bankruptcies soar.

Some Republicans up for re-election next year have already separated themselves
from the Administration's proposal. ''It's not going to hurt me because I'm not
going to back the President,'' Senator Charles E. Grassley of Iowa said. ''It's
a foregone conclusion that his farm bill and his budget aren't going to fly in
Washington, so we won't have to deal with them.'' The best the President can
hope for this year, he said, is a freeze on subsidies and price supports.

Senator Andrews said he would fight for a freeze on aid levels, which, he said,
would be quite acceptable to North Dakota farmers. Senator Don Nickles of
Oklahoma, who represents more than 72,000 farmers, said he favored lowering
spending on agriculture but not by cutting farm aid programs.

Senate majority leader Bob Dole, a Kansas Republican up for re-election in 1986,
is interested in looking for money-saving changes in the farm program, an aide
said. ''But nobody is going to embrace the Administration's proposals with open
arms,'' the aide added. ''Senator Dole is well aware that you really can't cut
those aid parts out too fast, certainly not this year.''

But the President can expect some help early next month from Senator Jesse
Helms, the recently re-elected North Carolina Republican who heads the Senate
Agriculture Committee. The Senator, an aide said, will soon introduce his own
bill that will call for many of the changes the Reagan Administration wants.

Even so, the first agricultural item Congress has in mind, Senator Grassley
said, is immediate and generous emergency credit aid for farmers. Both houses
are expected to concentrate on that matter before they even look at the
Administration's proposals. Still, Congress will have to consider them early
this spring, when it reconciles its own budget with the President's.

During debate on the 1981 Farm Act, the once- monolithic, nonpartisan farm bloc
split apart over how to divide the farm assistance pie among the different
commodity producers. That may not happen this year, a longtime House Agriculture
Committee aide predicted recently, because most of the farm-state Congressmen,
regardless of party, will be united in fighting the Administration's plan.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              142 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      August 7, 1995, Monday, ALL EDITIONS

Federal legal aid may be killed;
Lobbyists, GOP go after agency

BYLINE: Bill Rankin; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS, Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 549 words

DATELINE: Chicago


The Legal Services Corp. has long been called a cat with nine lives. But now,
targeted for elimination by the GOP-controlled Congress and an unusual alignment
of two powerful lobbying groups, the corporation that provides legal aid to the
poor may be gasping its last breath.

As the American Bar Association holds its annual meeting here this week, the
380,000-member group is mobilizing one last lobbying campaign to save the
corporation from budget-cutters in Washington.

"This is the most fundamental service to the poor and impoverished," ABA
President George Bushnell said Saturday. "We can't afford to shut them out of
court. If we do, their frustration level could rise to the point where
insurrection and rebellion will be their only answer."

Congress, with the blessing of President Richard Nixon, created the LSC in 1974
to underwrite legal aid for the poor in civil cases. The corporation provides $
7.6 million of the $ 9.5 million budget for the Georgia Legal Services Program,
which provides legal aid to all of Georgia except the five-county core of metro
Atlanta. Atlanta Legal Aid receives $ 2.2 million in federal funding to support
its $ 5 million budget.

The groups mostly help indigent clients settle landlord, child custody and
employment disputes outside the courtroom, but they also have had high-profile
cases in Georgia. Atlanta Legal Aid represented clients who accused Fleet
Finance Inc. of abusive lending practices. Many settled their cases, but the
initial lawsuits led to an investigation by the state attorney general's office.

A few years ago, Georgia Legal Services represented many of the female inmates
who said they were harassed and abused in the state prison system.

The LSC has an annual budget of $ 415 million, but last week the House of
Representatives voted to cut that by a third. The House also has voted to
disband the corporation by 1999.

Steve Gottlieb, director of Atlanta Legal Aid, said the new budget cuts would
force him to lay off 15 to 20 of his staff and to close the south Fulton County
office, which also serves Clayton County.

During the 1980s, President Ronald Reagan repeatedly tried to gut the LSC but
was thwarted by a Democratic-controlled Congress.

Now the Republican-controlled Congress wants to eliminate the program, and that
campaign is bolstered by two of the country's more influential lobbying groups:
the Christian Coalition and the American Farm Bureau.

The Farm Bureau, led by some of the nation's largest growers, is upset with the
corporation for its representation of migrant farm workers in labor disputes in
California, Florida and Texas.

The Christian Coalition placed the LSC on its hit list this spring. It declared
the corporation "anti-family," saying it represents women in divorce cases and
then helps get them on welfare.

Phyllis Holman, director of Georgia Legal Services, said that is an unfair
characterization. The LSC, she said, helps only a few women get divorces and
these are the victims of spouse abuse.

Perhaps just as significant as the budget cuts, the House has imposed
restrictions on the type of law the Legal Service lawyers can practice. They
would be barred from filing class-action lawsuits, lobbying and representing
prisoners and illegal immigrants.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              143 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             March 6, 1992, Friday

COMMODITY BRIEFS

BYLINE: From Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 320 words


BALTICS TO GET US AID

WORTH $ 15 MILLION

WASHINGTON - The Baltic countries will get a total of $ 15 million in U.S. aid
to buy corn, wheat and soybeans, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Edward Madigan said
in a statement Thursday.

The USDA said it will provide $ 5 million each in food aid to Lithuania, Latvia
and Estonia under PL480, the U.S. government's long-term low-interest loans
program.

The aid will be in addition to 100,000 metric tons in corn recently donated by
the USDA to each of the three Baltic states.

The aid will be used for "both food and animal feed," Mr. Madigan said in a
statement. However, he did not provide details.

COURT UPHOLDS RULING

STOPPING TIMBER SALES

SAN FRANCISCO - The Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld a ruling halting
all future Bureau of Land Management timber sales in western Oregon that would
affect the northern spotted owl, unless the BLM complies with the Endangered
Species Act.

The court agreed Wednesday with a lower court that the BLM's land management
strategy associated with preserving owl habitat "was itself 'agency action'
requiring the BLM to submit the strategy for consultation with the U.S. Fish and
Wildlife Service before allowing any timber sales in those forests."

Environmental groups hailed the decision for the Lane County Audubon Society of
Eugene, Ore., which sued the BLM in 1990 after it adopted a timber management
plan without consulting the Fish and Wildlife Service, which listed the owl as a
threatened species.

MINING ACCIDENTS KILLED

600 S. AFRICANS IN '91

JOHANNESBURG, South Africa - More than 600 miners died in South African mines
last year, said Mineral and Energy Affairs Minister George Bartlett.

Gold mine accidents claimed 461 miners, while 42 died in coal mines and the
remaining 101 in other mines, Mr. Bartlett said in response to a question tabled
in Parliament Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: COMMODITY BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              144 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    June 27, 1990, Wednesday, Final Edition

Agencies' Spat Blocks Plan for Reducing Coca Crops;
State Dept. Bid to Help Bolivians Grow Soybeans Could Hurt U.S. Farmers,
Agriculture Says

BYLINE: Guy Gugliotta, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A17; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 1073 words


A spat between the Agriculture and State departments has blocked a crop
assistance program that could help wean Bolivian farmers from growing coca, the
raw material used in making cocaine.

The Agriculture Department says the aid could harm the export competitiveness of
U.S. soybeans. The State Department says the program can encourage Bolivian
farmers to grow something besides coca.

The dispute could have important implications in the international drug war.
Bolivian farmers, plagued by a months-long slump in the price of coca leaf, for
the first time are abandoning the crop in large numbers and looking for
alternatives.

In an effort to investigate the matter, a House panel has scheduled hearings
today to discuss the $ 136.7 million U.S. aid program in Bolivia and the
relationship between Bolivian soybeans and the drug war.

"If we've had a calculated policy to prevent the shifting of crops away from
coca because of a few bushels of soybeans, we're making a big mistake," said
Rep. Dan Glickman (D-Kan.), chairman of the House Agriculture subcommittee on
wheat, soybeans and feed grains. "If what was alleged was true, it would be a
classic example of the government working at cross-purposes."

Glickman's office has documented two instances in which the Agriculture
Department and the State Department's Agency for International Development (AID)
clashed over the allotment of aid money destined for Bolivian economic
development.

In both cases, in 1988 and early this year, the Agriculture Department
successfully argued that under U.S. law the aid program could not be used to
encourage production of commodities that might potentially compete with U.S.
exports. Soybeans are an export crop both in the United States and Bolivia.

Controversy over these interchanges surged in early June after a report in the
Washington weekly law newspaper Legal Times said the Agriculture Department had
blocked the Bolivian soybean programs after succumbing to the lobbying efforts
of the 34,000-member American Soybean Association.

Agriculture Department sources said no one in the department hierarchy had
spoken directly about Bolivia with the soybean lobby at any time this year. In a
separate interview, soybean association officials also said they had not
discussed Bolivia with the department.

The Agriculture Department acknowledged, however, that it had opposed and
successfully blocked AID in consultations over two assistance programs to
Bolivia.

The sources noted that blocking such programs is an administrative action that
occurs almost automatically whenever the Agriculture Department judges that aid
might promote products that could compete with U.S. exports. The United States
is expected to export 16.6 million tons of soybeans in fiscal year 1990.

American Soybean Association President James Lee Adams, speaking in a telephone
interview from his Georgia farm, said that although no one in his organization
had directly lobbied the department about Bolivia this year, he and other
association officials had been "going in for quite a few years" to discuss
soybean development projects "not only in Bolivia but in other countries."

Adams said the association regards any soybean producer as a potential
competitor in "the long term." Bolivia, the poorest country in South America,
projects 52,000 tons of soybean exports this year.

"We deny categorically that we're in favor of drugs; that's not the question,"
Adams said. "But, frankly, we don't see how increased soybean production can
decrease coca production."

The State Department agrees that soybeans are not directly replacing coca
cultivation in Bolivia, for most Bolivian coca is grown in the hilly central
Chapare region, an area unsuited to soybeans. Soybeans are grown in sub-tropical
lowlands near the province of Santa Cruz several hundred miles away.

The department argues, however, that soybeans clearly represent an opportunity
for Bolivian farmers who would like to grow something besides coca. "It's true
you can't grow soybeans where you grow coca," U.S. Embassy spokesman Bruce
Wharton said in a telephone interview from La Paz, Bolivia's capital. "But it is
alternative development."

And, as such, soybean cultivation clearly comes under the umbrella "Andean
strategy" adopted by the Bush administration to promote the war against
international cocaine trafficking.

The United States formally endorsed the strategy in the Declaration of Cartagena
signed at a Feb. 15 "drug summit" by President Bush and the presidents of
Bolivia, Peru and Colombia, the three countries where nearly all the world's
coca and cocaine are produced.

The agreement specifically mentions the desirability of "alternative
development," "crop substitution," "broad-based rural development" and promotion
of "non-traditional exports" as alternatives to coca cultivation and processing.

Such plans lay moribund for years, however, because there was no crop or program
that farmers could grow that was as lucrative as coca. Bolivia, with an
estimated 165,000 acres planted with the shrub, is the world's second coca
producer after Peru. U.S. law enforcement officials estimate that the Bolivian
industry is worth $ 550 million to $ 600 million per year.

Since August, however, a crackdown on Colombia's cocaine bosses has put a
continent-wide damper on the business. Colombian entrepreneurs, who purchase
most of the coca leaf in South America, have been forced into hiding, leaving
growers in Bolivia and Peru without a buyer.

Prices of coca leaf in the Chapare began to tumble late last year, and by March
1990 had dropped to $ 7 per hundred pounds. Growers must sell at $ 30 per
hundred pounds to break even. For the first time, "alternative development"
began to look attactive.

The U.S. Embassy's Wharton said prices had come up since the beginning of June
to $ 20-$ 25 per hundred pounds, but growers were still rushing to take
advantage of a voluntary crop substitution program run by the Bolivian
government. Wharton said some 11,250 acres of coca had been plowed under so far
this year, nearly twice as much as in all of 1989.

Both Bolivia and the U.S. Embassy regard the recession in coca leaf sales as a
golden opportunity to put a significant dent in coca cultivation and get large
numbers of coca farmers out of the Chapare and into another line of work.

Soybeans and other forms of "alternative development" are the hook.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, TWP

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              145 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             October 1, 2006 Sunday

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 563 words


SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (AP) - The Environmental Working Group, an advocacy group
based in Washington, says South Dakota farmers are "chronically dependent on
disaster aid."

The criticism comes while South Dakota and other Plains states are in the throes
of a drought - and before a possible congressional vote on more aid.

South Dakota ranks third, behind Texas and North Dakota, in total disaster aid
the past 21 years and second in the number of farmers who have gotten disaster
aid in at least 11 of those years, according to the Environmental Working Group.

Bryce Lindskov's family farm and ranch near Isabel has gotten disaster payments
16 of the past 21 years.

"If it weren't for disaster programs, there wouldn't be no towns out here, there
wouldn't be no schools out here, there wouldn't be nothing," he said.

The only alternative to disaster aid might be a faster exodus from rural South
Dakota, said Spencer farmer Calvin Heitzman.

South Dakota farmers have received disaster aid over many years because of
highly variable weather, said Lisa Richardson, executive director of South
Dakota Corn.

"We live where we have severe drought, severe floods, severe winters. You know,
Mother Nature, we have it all," she said.

Heitzman said variable moisture resulted in some 7-bushel-an-acre corn on his
place last year, while other fields yielded 70 bushels.

The Environmental Working Group said the federal government's system of payments
to farmers hit by drought is "dysfunctional."

The group studied U.S. Agriculture Department records on drought aid and other
natural disasters between 1985 and 2005.

Richardson said the Environmental Working Group's criticism actually is part of
a wider attack on the farm safety net. "They truly want to get rid of farm
policy overall," she said.

Environmental Working Group President Ken Cook said the group favors a safety
net and a $6.5 billion aid package now before Congress. But policy makers should
acknowledge the reality of farming on the edge of the Corn Belt instead of just
declaring an "emergency" whenever it's dry, he said.

Cook's group has opposed helping farmers and ranchers, said Russ Levsen,
spokesman for Rep. Stephanie Herseth, D-S.D.

"They don't understand South Dakota, and Stephanie will continue to fight for
our state's farmers and ranchers." Levsen said.

Sen. Tim Johnson, D-S.D., it should be no surprise that repeated droughts have
meant multiple disaster payments. "Nonetheless, I am always prepared to look at
ways to improve disaster aid implementation," he said.

Sen. John Thune said drought aid is needed, especially this year, but added that
he hopes the next farm bill addresses how disaster payments are made.

The farm bill will lay the foundation for farm payments, including disaster
programs.

The new farm legislation should try to help farmers find sources of income that
would wean them off disaster aid, according to Cook. Such aid should be based on
real losses, not on the size of a political constituency, he said.

"We have this ad hoc disaster system that requires building up political
momentum by waiting for disaster elsewhere," he said.

There are some problems with the current payment system, said farmer Mike
Goldammer, of Mitchell.

"You've got people farming 20,000 acres or whatever, and they abuse it.
Everybody knows that. But the middle-of-the-road guy is the one who's getting
his butt kicked," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            July 30, 1998, Thursday

Disaster aid available for farms hurt by weather

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; BRIEFLY; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 195 words



The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency will offer federal
disaster assistance to eligible family farmers. Losses must have been caused  by
record high temperatures and drought conditions that occurred from May 1
through June 24 and beyond. Emergency loan applications are available at 30407
Commerce Drive, San Antonio, FL. For information, call 588-5211.

Enrichment centers offer

packet for medical data

   The Spring Hill Regional Hospital Enrichment Center, 1244 Mariner Blvd.,
Spring Hill, and the Brooksville Regional Hospital Enrichment Center, 711
Benton Ave., Brooksville, will act as a distribution point for "File of  Life"
packets. The packet lists a resident's medications, medical conditions,
allergies, emergency contacts and other information on a card that is kept in  a
person's wallet or purse. Another card is placed in a magnetic holder  displayed
on the front of the refrigerator door. The goal is to make available
information that might save a life in an emergency. The packets are free at  the
centers. For information, call Spring Hill at 686-4991 or Brooksville at
754-5120.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              147 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 2, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. IS SENDING AID TO FARMERS HURT BY DROUGHT

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 1, Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 923 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 1


A multibillion-dollar Federal program to give financial relief to tens of
thousands of farmers in the drought-seared Southern and Middle Atlantic states
was put into action today, a week after the Administration said it could not
legally take such action.

The Agriculture Department announced a program that resembles a package of
relief measures that are quickly advancing in Congress.

Democrats in the Senate, which approved its package today, said they believed
the Administration responded to the farmers' plight only after Congress acted on
legislation of its own. They said the Administration's action would not stop the
Congressional efforts.

Legal Uncertainty Cited

But Agriculture Department officials said they did not act sooner because they
were not certain that the nation's farm law allowed them to do so.

The Government will move surplus stocks of grain from the Middle West to the
East and South, Agriculture Secretary Richard E. Lyng said. Livestock producers
who have lost pastures and hay crops to the drought will be eligible to buy the
grain, and the Government will pay half the purchase price.

Aides to Mr. Lyng said the cost would run to hundreds of millions of dollars.

Support Payments Accelerated

The Agriculture Department also will make available now, rather than after
harvest, more than $1 billion in income support payments to farmers nationwide
who have signed up for the Government's farm programs. Farmers in the South and
Middle Atlantic regions are expected to receive half the payments, department
analysts said.

The package approved by the Senate today would give drought-afflicted farmers
surplus stocks of Government-owned feed grains, with the Government bearing all
the cost. The Government would also transport Government and donated hay to
livestock producers without charge. The House Agriculture Committee passed a
similar proposal earlier this week.

The flurry of activity over relief plans for stricken farmers came as the
Agriculture Department's chief meteorologist said the drought region had
expanded to 10 states, now including parts of Tennessee and Florida.

Moreover, crops in nearly a dozen other states are being damaged from withering
heat that struck the Mississippi Delta region and several Great Plains states
this week. Since July 1, heat has been blamed for the deaths of 85 people in 15
states.

Mr. Lyng said 189 counties in Alabama, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina
and Virginia have been designated agricultural disaster areas. Parts of northern
Florida, southern Pennsylvania and Georgia are also expected to be so
designated.

Mr. Lyng said that a large proportion of the South's peanut, tobacco and cotton
crops were covered under the Government's crop insurance program and that
thousands of farmers would receive financial aid under that program. In some
states, as much as 50 percent of some crops have been lost and insurance
payments could reach $300 million or more, according to Agriculture Department
economists.

'Every American Can Be Proud'

Mr. Lyng praised those who have helped by donating hay and grain. ''Every
American can be proud of how neighbors are assisting neighbors in need,'' Mr.
Lyng said. ''It's a remarkable achievement and one that should warm all of our
hearts.''

In Columbia, S.C., today about 100 people expressed their gratitude for hay and
corn donations at a rally put on by a relief group that is trying to raise money
to buy feed grains.

The Congressional drought-relief measures would provide farmers with surplus
stocks of grain at no cost to feed their cattle, while the Government will
charge farmers half price. Under the Congressional plan, growers of cotton,
peanut, corn and soybeans would also be eligible to receive disaster payments in
the form of surplus crops instead of cash.

The measure is designed to reduce record surpluses and save the Government
millions of dollars each month in storage costs. Reducing the surpluses would
also relieve the downward pressure on commodity prices that has afflicted
American farmers for more than five years.

Cost Estimates Vary

Senator Pete V. Domenici, the New Mexico Republican who heads the Budget
Committee, said on Thursday that the Senate relief program could cost as much as
$1.5 billion. But Senator Jim Sasser, Democrat of Tennessee, who is a co-sponsor
of the relief measure, said today that the cost would be $300 million to $600
million.

All cost estimates, however, could soar if the weather does not improve in the
next few days, said Dr. Norton Strommen, the Department of Agriculture's chief
meteorologist. Improvement may be on the way, he said, citing a cold front in
the Plains that could move into the Southeast and bring showers and lower
temperatures. ''It could begin to stabilize or reduce the decline we've seen in
crop conditions over the last four weeks,'' he said.

Senator Sasser criticized the Administration as slow to respond to the farmers'
need. ''The Administration was giving farmers in my state and other states
nothing but rhetoric,'' he said. ''They had the tools to be of assistance to the
drought-stricken areas. Mr. Lyng did not want to use his discretionary authority
to act. Our legislation makes it mandatory that he act.''

Officials of the Agriculture Department said lawyers, program officers and other
specialists had been working on a drought-relief package for several days. ''We
finished yesterday, and we announced today,'' said one official. ''We moved as
fast as we could.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              148 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            December 17, 2006 Sunday

Editorial | Farm Aid;
Grow less, reap more

SECTION: CURRENTS; Pg. C06

LENGTH: 650 words


Every five years, Congress pays homage to the American farmer. Then it gives
away the farm.

The forum is the farm bill, due for renewal again in 2007. Legislators love the
bill's vote-getting ideals: securing family farms; bolstering rural economies;
ensuring safe food; preserving the land.

Those would be worthy goals - if fulfilled. But current farm policy fails.

What President Franklin Delano Roosevelt envisioned as a temporary boost to
insulate farmers from an occasional bad year has swelled into one of the
nation's budget-busting entitlements. It benefits a privileged few in selected
states.

In the last decade, the federal government paid out more than $172 billion in
farm aid. In 2005 alone, with agricultural profits at a near-record $72 billion,
government provided $25 billion in aid - almost 50 percent more than welfare
families received, according to a Washington Post investigation. In 16 of the
last 17 years, Congress added billions more in drought, flood and storm relief.

Congress guards farmers against low prices, even when prices are high. It
rescues them from disaster, even after subsidizing insurance against crop
failures. It rewards landowners for acres once farmed, regardless of how they're
used today.

Historically, farm bills have been wasteful, discriminatory and protectionist.
In 2007, Congress must do better.

Luckily, a growing coalition of taxpayer, environmental, consumer, rural and
international interest groups has lobbied tirelessly since the bloated 2002 bill
passed. A farm bill shouldn't be just about farmers. The bill should balance
their needs with issues such as food safety, nutrition, community markets,
America's energy future, water and land conservation, and international trade
rules.

Two hopeful signs emerged over the summer. The Bush administration and House of
Representatives defeated a Senate proposal for $4 billion in narrowly focused
farm disaster aid. And Congress rejected a yearlong extension of the 2002 bill,
which would have delayed a richer debate. Perhaps Congress can break habits.

Meanwhile, Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns, former governor of Nebraska, has
been on a nationwide listening tour. He's developing reasonable alternatives to
current policy, which boils down to subsidizing five crops in eight states.

It won't be easy to change America's ways. Farm aid is addictive and exclusive.

Between 2002 and 2005, 93 percent of government subsidies went to wheat, rice,
corn, soybean and cotton producers, according to the Department of Agriculture.
This policy concentrates half of all subsidies into 25 congressional districts,
an unfair national distribution. (None is in Pennsylvania or New Jersey.)

Further, it channels too much money to crops processed into unhealthful foods,
particularly artificial sweeteners and partially hydrogenated oils. Fruits and
vegetables, the largest growing segment of U.S. agriculture and the crops most
associated with disease prevention, receive almost no money.

It's not just the wrong crops, but the wrong farmers getting the most money.

Large commercial farms, which constitute less than one-fifth of the nation's 2.1
million farms, received more than half of all payouts. The chase for more aid
has led to farm consolidation and driven up rural land prices. Far from
preserving the family farm, current policy increases costs for small operators
and deters start-ups.

That's true not only in the United States but also abroad. Subsidies encourage
overproduction. The U.S. surplus is sold on the international market,
undercutting prices and hurting the livelihoods of many of the world's three
billion poor farmers.

U.S. farm policy has strayed far from its intent. No longer a safety net, it
props up big growers at the expense of smaller farms, here and abroad. It drives
up land prices, forces consolidation, degrades the environment, and distorts
prices worldwide. It's time for change.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                             January 2, 2011 Sunday

SRSO with collaboration of USA Aid distributes seeds and fertilizers

BYLINE:  Gr.Gorar & Abdul Ghaffar Khoso

SECTION: Vol. III No. 1754

LENGTH: 291  words


Sindh Rural Support Program (SRSO) with the collaboration of USA Aid launched a
Sindh Agriculture Recovery Project to provide free sunflower seeds, fertilizer
and cash money to flood affected farmers at the Old Gudh of taluka Bakrani on
Saturday.

Addressing on the occasion, former MNA, Hizbullah Bughio said that the
government has provided relief to flood affectees for past 5 months without any
discrimination.

He said that during the super flood hundred thousand acres of agriculture land
of Larkana district have been affected.

Project Chief, Dr. Haji Khan Kerio said that American people have donated 15
million dollars by USA Aid to facilitate the flood affected marooned people of
Sindh and provided opportunity to small growers and flood affected farmers to
rebuild their agriculture resources and improve economical conditions. He
informed that 2795 people will get benefit from this program while 101150 acre
agriculture land of Sindh will be utilized for cultivation of sunflower crop
including 7000 acre agriculture land of Larkana district.

He further told that SRSO with the collaboration of USA Aid have introduced this
project for 7 districts of Sindh including Larkana, Thatta, Qambar-Shahdadkot,
Sukkur and others in order to improve the economical conditions of flood
victims. Earlier, DPO SRSO Saeed Ahmed Buledi while expressing his views said
that the newly launched project will change the fate of people of flood affected
farmers and it will be beneficial for farming community. On the occasion, Deputy
Chief SARP Nisar Ahmed Pathan, Abdul Hamid Bulo, MPA Ghulam Sarwar Siyal,
District Program Manager, Saeed Ahmed Buledi, EDO Agriculture Tharo Mal, DO
Agriculture Abdul Latif Joyo, Zulfiqar Chajjro and others also addressed.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 9, 1999, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Aid to Dairy Farmers May Be $5,000 Each

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 154 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 8


Dairy farmers could get up to $5,000 each in Federal assistance under a one-time
program financed with money that Congress set aside in last year's farm bailout,
the Agriculture Department said today.

The department's benchmark price indicator for milk dropped $6 per hundred
pounds on Friday, the steepest monthly decline ever, because of surging
production.

Dairy-state lawmakers earmarked $200 million for milk producers in the $6
billion farm-relief bill that Congress passed last fall. At the time, milk
prices were at record levels, so the Agriculture Department waited for them to
drop before releasing the aid.

Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman told the National Farmers Union in
Springfield, Ill., that the payment program would help many of the smaller dairy
farmers survive.

The payments, which will be directed to family-size operations, are limited to
the approximate production of a 150-cow herd.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              151 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  December 23, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Distribution dispute tangles relief package for Russia U.S. wants to ensure $885
million worth of food gets to needy

BYLINE: Barbara Slavin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 504 words


An $ 885 million U.S. food aid package to Russia announced with
great fanfare by the Clinton administration Nov. 6 has not been
finalized because of disagreements about how it will be distributed
to the Russian people.

Mindful of problems with past food aid to Russia, officials at
the U.S. Department of Agriculture said Tuesday they are proceeding
cautiously to try to ensure that food gets to those in need and
does not wind up being resold by profiteers.

"This year we're trying to help Russians through a difficult
period but we want a higher level of accounting and accountability,"
said Ellen Levinson, a government relations adviser for the law
firm Cadwalader, Wickersham and Taft and a longtime adviser to
private relief agencies on food aid.


The package includes 1.5 million tons of donated surplus wheat
and another 1.5 million tons of other commodities including rice,
beef and pork. An additional 100,000 tons of food is to be distributed
by private agencies. The European Union last week approved a $ 500
million food aid package.

Russia, whose 1998 grain harvest of 47 million tons is its poorest
in 45 years, appealed for the aid earlier this year. A spiraling
economic crisis has depressed the value of the Russian currency,
the ruble, and increased the price of imports threefold.

But some in Russia have reacted with ambivalence to the foreign
offers. The Russian critics charge that the Western offers are
motivated less by the plight of Russians and more by the sagging
income of Western farmers at a time of record surpluses and to
show political support for the battered Russian government. They
argue that the nation's long-term need is for investment in Russia's
agricultural system.

There is also concern that food will not wind up in the areas
where it is most needed -- in Russia's frozen north and far east
and state-run institutions, such as orphanages, hospitals, prisons
and the military.

"The most insistent need for food is in the army and the prisons,"
said Sen. Richard Lugar, R-Ind., a frequent visitor to Russia
who traveled there last month. "It's a mixed situation. There
will be some hungry people. Getting our food to those people is
going to be a stretch."

Chris Goldthwait, in charge of foreign sales for the U.S. Department
of Agriculture, said "at least two" staffers from the department's
Foreign Agricultural Service would be devoted to full-time monitoring
of distribution, and others would be added if needed.

Commercial Russian organizations are expected to handle sales
of much of the aid. The proceeds are supposed to be used for pensions
and other welfare needs.

Goldthwait said it will take about a month and a half for food
to arrive in Russia once a final agreement is reached.

Surpluses from previous Russian harvests are expected to tide
Russians over the winter. "Our analysis is that the worst needs
will be late in the spring" before the next harvest is in, Goldthwait
said.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              152 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 23, 2015 Monday

Arizona: Store Owner Sentenced to Prison and Forfeiture of Funds for Federal
Food Program Fraud

LENGTH: 590  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:


ANCHORAGE, AK--U.S. Attorney Karen L. Loeffler announced today that an Anchorage
store owner was sentenced by U.S. District Court Judge Timothy M. Burgess to 18
months' imprisonment, along with forfeiture of over $42,000 in criminal proceeds
in connection with a United States Department of Agriculture food aid program
fraud scheme which he operated out of his Anchorage store.

In late 2013, Africa and Middle East Market store owner Ayub Yusuf Eprahin, 45,
was charged by the federal grand jury with 15 counts of wire fraud and 11 counts
of U.S. Department of Agriculture Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
(SNAP) food aid fraud in connection with the illegal use of food aid debit
cards. Eprahin, who plead guilty in 2014, to two counts of wire fraud, contested
the overall loss amount of the scheme, claiming it amounted to only $42,000. In
day-long and contentious sentencing hearing, Judge Burgess found that Eprahin
had defrauded the United States Department of Agriculture of more than $335,000
over a period of 19 months. As part of that finding, Judge Burgess imposed a
sentence of 18 months' imprisonment, forfeited to the United States more than
$42,000 in funds seized from Eprahin, and imposed a term of three years of
supervised release.

According to Assistant U.S. Attorney Steve Skrocki, in November, 2012, Eprahin
was the owner of the Africa and Middle East Market and a participant in the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), formerly known as the "Food
Stamp Program" administered by the United States Department of Agriculture's
Food and Nutritional Service. The program is designed to provide authorized
nutritional foods to low-income families. The federal government pays the full
cost of the SNAP benefits and also shares with the states some of the
administrative costs. Under the SNAP program, authorized recipients are issued a
certain amount of benefits each month, which they may use to purchase eligible
food items. SNAP recipients typically receive their benefits in the form of a
credit on their personal electronic benefit transfer card. The rules of the
program prohibit the purchase of items other than food, and the card benefits
cannot be redeemed for cash. As a participant in the program, Eprahin received
computer issued payments based on unauthorized purchases made by participants
from his store.

As part of the scheme Eprahin permitted non-food items and cash to be redeemed
from participants in the program on a large scale. In so doing, Eprahin
represented to the SNAP program that the benefits were being redeemed to
purchase eligible food items when they in fact were not. Instead, Judge Burgess
found that the cards were being used like ATM cards with amounts being debited
for cash instead of food items required by the program and with some of that
cash being wired overseas. Judge

Burgess noted that Eprahin's actions negatively impacted the community, other
small businesses and the integrity of a government program designed to help and
feed people in need, finding the offense, "very, very serious as hundreds of
thousands were misused by not being provided to those it was supposed to help."

Ms. Loeffler commends the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and United States
Department of Agriculture, Office of Inspector General, who administers the SNAP
program, for their investigation of this case.
In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 14, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Senate Approves $8.7 Billion for Emergency Aid to Farmers

BYLINE: By DAVID E. ROSENBAUM

SECTION: Section A; Page 22; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 772 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 13


Driven by low crop prices, bad weather in many parts of the country and arcane
farm-state politics, the Senate gave final legislative approval today to an $8.7
billion package of emergency aid to farmers.

This is the second straight year Congress has spent billions to bail farmers out
of financial trouble, raising doubt about the political practicality of applying
free-market principles to American farmers.

The emergency assistance is part of a $69 billion spending bill to finance
agriculture and food programs in the current fiscal year.

The Senate approved the final version by a vote of 74 to 26. The opponents were
almost all Easterners from both parties who opposed the way it dealt with milk
prices.

The House gave its final approval to the measure on Oct. 1. President Clinton is
expected to sign the measure quickly. The Agriculture Department said checks
should begin going out to farmers within two weeks.

The new fiscal year began on Oct. 1, but the agriculture bill is only the sixth
of 13 spending bills for the Federal departments and agencies to clear Congress.
The President vetoed one of those, the bill for the District of Columbia, so
only four have become law.

The Government has been running on stop-gap legislation that will expire on Oct.
21 and will almost certainly have to be extended to keep Federal offices open
while the politicians work out their differences.

More than half the money in the bill approved today will go for food stamps and
other nutrition programs. Much of the rest is earmarked for uncontested
agriculture and rural development programs.

To get the final version through Congress, several potentially controversial
items were left out by the conferees who reconciled the bills passed by the
House and Senate. One would have allowed food and medicine to be shipped to
Cuba. Another would have prohibited the Food and Drug Administration from
approving abortion drugs like RU-486.

But senators from the East balked when the conferees excluded provisions that
would have blocked a new milk-pricing system favored by the Clinton
Administration and would have allowed the continuation of a special arrangement
that keeps a floor on milk prices in New England. Several other Eastern states
hoped to join the New England compact.

On Tuesday the Senate voted, 79 to 20, to cut off a filibuster by the Easterners
and bring the bill to a vote.

The dairy question led to strange political bedfellows. Liberal Democrats like
Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont and Frank R. Lautenberg of New Jersey voted
alongside conservatives like Rick Santorum, Republican of Pennsylvania, and
Robert C. Smith, the Republican-turned-independent from New Hampshire.

The emergency assistance itself had no opposition, though many senators argued
that $8.7 billion was inadequate in the face of Midwestern grain prices that are
the lowest in decades and the large crop losses from the drought this summer in
the East, floods in the South and crop disease in the upper Midwest.

Senator Tom Harkin, an Iowa Democrat who voted for the bill, compared it to
"throwing a leaking life raft to a drowning person."

"It helps a little bit," he added, "but it's not a long-term solution to the
problem."

The consensus in Congress is that additional emergency assistance will be needed
when the farm losses in North Carolina from Hurricane Floyd are tallied.

Farm politics is guided much more by regional interests than partisan ones. But
Democrats used the bill today to renew their attack on the Freedom to Farm Act
of 1996.

The law was one of the central elements of Republican dogma that party leaders
got enacted after they won control of Congress in the 1994 elections. It
abolished most of the Government price-support programs, in place since the
1930's, on the theory that farmers would fare better in an unfettered
marketplace.

Farmers were happy in 1996 and 1997, when commodity prices were high and they
were still entitled to what were called transition payments from Washington. But
when grain prices began to plunge last year, farmers turned to the Government
for help. And the politicians who represent them, regardless of party, obliged.

"The transition turned out to be more difficult than we anticipated," said
Senator Charles E. Grassley of Iowa, a leading Republican supporter of the
Freedom to Farm Act.

The problem, Mr. Grassley said, was not the principle of the law but the fact
that its authors did not anticipate such events as the devaluation of Brazilian
currency and the crash in Asian economies, which had a devastating effect on
American farm exports.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              154 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                              July 13, 2012 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

FEDERAL AID WELCOMED BY DROUGHT-STRICKEN STATES

BYLINE: Alan Bjerga, Bloomberg News

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A-9

LENGTH: 439 words


WASHINGTON -- State leaders welcomed a pledge of U.S. aid for the worst drought
in decades, even as the assistance paled in comparison to potential losses and a
forecaster said weather conditions may not improve in some areas until
September.

The Department of Agriculture on Wednesday named 1,016 counties in 26 states as
natural disaster areas, the agency's largest such declaration ever. Substantial
rains that would relieve the worst-hit areas may not arrive for months, said
Accuweather Inc. meteorologist Mike Pigott.

"When you are one of the biggest agricultural-producing states in the nation, a
monumental drought causes enormous losses," said Texas Department of Agriculture
spokesman Bryan Black. "The disaster relief assistance from USDA will help Texas
farmers and ranchers recover from devastating losses."

The federal action makes farmers and ranchers eligible for low-interest loans to
help weather the drought, wildfires and other disasters. The projected cost to
the federal government is about $4 million as loans are ultimately repaid,
according to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.

Still, with a budget-cutting farm policy bill going through Congress, and
prospects for other disaster aid slim, officials say the low-cost loans and
reduced penalties for grazing livestock on land set aside for conservation
announced Wednesday are better than nothing.

Moderate to extreme drought now covers about 53 percent of the Midwest, fueling
price gains that are the biggest this year among the 24 commodities tracked by
the Standard & Poor's GSCI Spot Index. The rallies are boosting costs for
companies from McDonald's and Coca-Cola to Archer Daniels Midland and Smithfield
Foods.

The area covered by the declaration includes most of the Southwest, which has
been affected by wildfires, as well as the Southeast and the southern and
eastern parts of the Corn Belt, mainly Illinois and Indiana. Iowa, the biggest
U.S. producer of the grain, is not included. Corn and soybeans are the two
largest U.S. crops.

The drought, which may be the worst since a 1988 dry spell that caused $78
billion in damages, is "beginning to have an impact on the corn crop in parts of
the Midwest," said Accuweather's Mr. Pigott, whose company is based in State
College, Pa. "The building heat and humidity could affect maturity and eventual
production."

Central Illinois, Indiana and Ohio are expected to remain under severe drought,
which may worsen as July continues. Some areas in the South are experiencing
multi-year droughts, including Texas, where all 254 counties are covered by the
declaration. Texas grows more cotton than any other state.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              155 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            May 26, 2010, Wednesday

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2A

LENGTH: 643 words


Magic Johnson brings HIV testing push to W.Va.

MORGANTOWN - Basketball legend Earvin "Magic" Johnson is bringing his six-month,
48-state campaign to promote testing for HIV to Morgantown.

Free testing for the virus that causes AIDS will be done across from the
Monongalia County Courthouse in Morgantown from 1 to 5 p.m. Thursday. Caritas
House is co-sponsoring the event with the national AIDS Healthcare Foundation.

Johnson's "Testing America'' campaign is aimed at raising awareness of the
importance and ease of testing.

Although the Centers for Disease Control began recommending routine HIV testing
for everyone between 13 and 64 four years ago, it has not been widely
implemented.

The CDC estimates that 1,500 West Virginians are living with HIV or AIDS.

Johnson announced he was HIV-positive in 1991. His current tour ends June 27 in
New York City.

USDA team euthanizing feral ducks in Elkins

ELKINS - The U.S. Department of Agriculture is killing a colony of feral ducks
along the Tygart Valley River.

USDA spokeswoman Carol Bannerman says Elkins homeowners requested that the ducks
be removed, so her agency signed an agreement with them. Crews sedated dozens of
ducks Tuesday, removing them to be euthanized.

But Mayor Duke Talbott isn't happy. He says the city decided earlier this month
to form a citizens committee that would work on solutions. Before they had the
chance, the federal government stepped in.

Resident Missy Anello had long opposed killing the birds and called the
euthanizations a nightmare. She'd collected hundreds of signatures from people
opposed to killing the ducks. Others argued that they were potential heath and
ecological hazards.

DEP set to fine Weirton for raw sewage flow

WEIRTON - The Department of Environmental Protection is planning to fine Weirton
for letting 8 percent of the city's raw sewage flow directly into the Ohio
River.

The amount of the fines hasn't been decided, but attorney Dan Guida said the DEP
told Weirton last week to expect them in a consent order to address the problem.

City officials revealed in March that sewage has gushed from an outfall on the
former Weirton Steel Corp. property for about 50 years.

Luxembourg-based ArcelorMittal now owns the property and says it will cooperate
on a safe and timely solution.

Guida says the DEP told the city the problem is high on its priority list.

The city could face additional fines if it fails to meet DEP benchmarks for
progress laid out in the consent order.

Diocese starts funding push for St. Mary school

WHEELING - The Diocese of Wheeling-Charleston is starting a $1.2 million
fundraising campaign to rehabilitate the century-old St. Mary Central School in
Clarksburg.

Bishop Michael Bransfield says structural issues need to be addressed.

Bransfield says the school is important to the community, and he wants it to
remain open and viable for future generations seeking a Catholic education.

Two parishes have created a $400,000 matching grant fund to help.

Principal Nicole Folio says work will begin this summer, starting with the
replacement of loose bricks around the top of the building. A new roof, windows
and other improvements will follow as money becomes available.

Ex-prison guard pleads guilty to child porn

A former West Virginia corrections officer has pleaded guilty to possessing
child pornography. The U.S. Attorney's Office says Joseph Dwayne Valentine, 40,
faces up to 10 years in prison when he is sentenced Sept. 22. Until then,
Valentine will be supervised under electronic monitoring.

Valentine, who entered his plea Wednesday, worked for the West Virginia Division
of Corrections before an investigation by the Bureau of Immigration and Customs
Enforcement led to his arrest. Authorities say they found hundreds of images of
child porn on Valentine's computer, as well as evidence he had purchased videos
from a website operated out of Latvia.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                              156 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             April 23, 2007 Monday

Does U.S. have to grow its food aid in America?;
Amount sent falls as shipping costs rise

BYLINE: Celia W. Dugger - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 894 words

DATELINE: KANSAS CITY, Missouri


Waiters in white aprons maneuvered through a noisy cocktail party here, offering
heaping platters of jumbo shrimp, lamb chops and crab-stuffed mushrooms to a
crowd of people in town for an annual food-aid conference dedicated to ending
world hunger.

As shipping and agribusiness executives, charity workers, lobbyists and federal
employees mingled, Charles Worledge, who works for Sealift, a major shipper of
U.S. food to the hungry, offered an insight essential to understanding the
politics of food aid.

''I thought this was a charity,'' he explained during the party, for which
another shipping company played host. ''It's not. It's a business.''

It was here in Kansas City, at the 2005 food-aid conference, that the Bush
administration pushed for a fundamental change in food aid that would have
diminished profits to domestic agribusiness and shipping companies. It proposed
allowing a quarter of the Food for Peace budget to be used to buy food in poor
countries near hunger crises, rather than buying only U.S.-grown food that had
to be shipped across oceans.

Secretary of Agriculture Mike Johanns spoke at the conference Wednesday to again
make the administration's case for the same idea, contending that such a policy
would speed delivery, improve efficiency and save many lives.

The U.S. Congress in each of the past two years killed the proposal, which was
opposed by agribusiness and shipping interests who stood to lose business, even
as it won support from some liberal Democrat representatives.

But there are signs that the frozen politics of the issue are beginning to thaw,
especially as evidence grows of flaws in the current aid system.

A Government Accountability Office report released on the eve of this conference
describes in stark detail a system rife with inefficiencies: The amount of food
shipped during the past five years has fallen by half as shipping and other
logistical costs have soared.

Only a little more than a third of federal food-aid spending actually buys food.
The United States feeds about 70 million people a year now instead of the more
than 100 million it fed five years ago.

Experts worry that the food-aid budget will feed even fewer of the world's 850
million hungry people as soaring demand for corn to make ethanol drives up the
cost of that staple, a mainstay of food-aid programs.

This year, some farm state lawmakers are considering backing a pilot program to
test buying food overseas.

While an alliance of 15 nonprofit groups involved in food aid has endorsed only
a pilot program for local purchase, Catholic Relief Services, which has a
million donors and links with 13,000 parishes, has embraced the Bush
administration's proposal.

At perhaps no time since the U.S. food-aid program was created during the
Eisenhower administration more than 50 years ago has there been more ferment
about its future among scholars, politicians and advocates for the poor.

The curious mix of altruistic and self-interested motivations that animate U.S.
food aid spring from its origins. Public Law 480 and the Food for Peace program,
adopted in 1954, provided a way to dispose of surplus grain, which was costly to
store, and at the same time feed the world's hungry people. The law mandated
that food for the program be grown domestically.

In recent years, the United States has bought more than half the food for its
aid programs from just four agribusinesses and their subsidiaries: Archer
Daniels Midland, Cargill, Bunge and Cal Western Packaging, the Agriculture
Department said.

Some researchers and advocates said that it was time to rethink the U.S.
approach to fighting world hunger.

''Are we committed to eradicating hunger because it's feasible, not terribly
expensive and our moral obligation as the richest society in human history?''
asked Christopher Barrett, a Cornell University economist and the co-author of
''Food Aid After Fifty Years.'' ''Or are we just trying to placate a few
agribusiness, shipping and NGO constituencies with a handout?'' referring to
nongovernmental organizations.

But some in Congress, as well as lobbyists for interest groups that benefit from
food aid, warn that untying aid from requirements that the food be grown in the
United States and mostly shipped on U.S.-flagged vessels would shatter the
political coalition that has sustained the program for decades and made the
United States the world's largest food-aid donor.

Still, even at the food-aid conference organized by the Department of
Agriculture and the Agency for International Development, some participants were
talking about approaches that would sound heretical to old-line champions of
food aid.

Marv Baldwin, president of the Foods Resource Bank, a Christian nonprofit group
dedicated to fighting hunger, described how more than a thousand farmers have
turned U.S.-style food aid on its head.

They are raising farm animals and growing crops on about 7,000 acres, or 2,800
hectares, across the United States. They donate their land and labor and the use
of their equipment, while church groups help raise cash for fuel and fertilizer.

But instead of shipping the crops and animals to poor lands to feed the hungry,
the farmers sell them in the United States. The Foods Resource Bank then spends
the money from those sales in developing countries to buy seeds and other goods
that poor farmers need to grow food for their families.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           April 28, 1993, Wednesday

USDA STILL SEEKING FUNDS TO PAY FOR SHIPPING FOOD AID TO RUSSIANS

BYLINE: STEPHANIE NALL; & WILLIAM DiBENEDETTO

SECTION: MARITIME, Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 447 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Agriculture Department still is trying to find money it can shift around to
pay for the cost of shipping food aid to Russia so it can avoid asking Congress
for special legislation, a USDA official said Tuesday.

Charles O'Mara, acting undersecretary for international affairs and commodity
programs, told the Senate Appropriations Committee's agriculture subcommittee
that the department is "actively working with other parts of the administration
to implement" the subsidized $ 700 million loan "as quickly as ossible."

President Clinton promised the food loan package during his meeting with Russian
President Boris Yeltsin earlier this month in Vancouver, British Columbia. The
USDA has borrowing authority through its Commodity Credit Corp. to make the
loan, but a statutory limit of $ 30 million for fiscal 1993 transportation costs
has stalled it.

If the USDA or another agency can invoke emergency provisions in the law and
move existing funds, the shipments can proceed and be moved on U.S.-flag
carriers. Provisions of cargo preference requirements set aside 75 percent of
the cargo for U.S.-flag vessels.

Another option would be for Mr. Clinton to declare an emergency and waive the
cargo preference requirements, allowing the shipments to move on much-
lower-cost foreign-flag vessels.

Christopher Goldthwaite, the USDA's acting general sales manager, said later
that the Russians had not formally asked for different transportation
arrangements, and he refused to say if a waiver is being considered.

U.S.-flag vessels are charging three to four times as much a ton, which upsets
farm state lawmakers because higher shipping costs leave less money to be spent
on grain.

Rep. Bill Barrett, R-Neb., a member of the Agriculture Committee, last week
offered three measures attacking cargo preference. They would:

* Urge the president to use his authority to waive cargo preference
requirements.

* Amend the 1936 Merchant Marine Act to eliminate cargo preference requirements
on any food or other humanitarian aid provided in the Vancouver package.

* Eliminate cargo preference on only the humanitarian agriculture aid promised
at Vancouver.

Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, wrote to Mr. Clinton asking that he waive cargo
preference requirements on the Russian shipments. Sen. Patrick Leahy, D- Vt.,
last month suggested the same.

But that view is not universally held.

Sen. John Breaux, D-La., one of the maritime industry's biggest backers in
Congress, doesn't think the situation in Russia warrants an exception to U.S.
cargo preference laws.

"We should not sacrifice our interests for their interests," Sen. Breaux said
Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              158 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 4, 2007 Sunday

Government officials rally to help counties: WINTER KILL

BYLINE: Margie Wood, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 449 words


Mar. 4--County, state and federal government agencies have been involved in
efforts to help rural counties in Southeastern Colorado buried by storms and
locked for weeks in bitter cold, but farmers in the area still face major
losses.

County governments, of course, were on the front line of efforts to open roads
so that ranchers could get to their snowbound cattle. The Federal Emergency
Management Agency says it will reimburse counties for 75 percent of their
extraordinary snow removal expenses.

But FEMA doesn't cover agricultural losses of individual producers. That is the
domain of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and USDA aid other than
low-interest loans has been denied -- to the dismay of state officials and
Colorado senators and congressmen. Cattle ranchers estimate they have lost
10,000 head and that more deaths may occur among cattle weakened by the bitter
winter.

FEMA was quick to authorize aid to counties trying to dig out of the storms,
getting a declaration of a snow emergency issued by President Bush on Jan. 7 to
cover storms that occurred Dec. 18-22 and a second storm Dec. 28-31. Counties
have been added until 24 counties in the state now are covered for one or both
storms.

Gov. Bill Ritter, who took office on Jan. 9 right in the middle of the emergency
efforts to save cattle, on Jan. 30 authorized $650,000 in state aid to eight
area counties -- Baca, Bent, Crowley, Huerfano, Kiowa, Las Animas, Otero and
Prowers -- to help with snow removal costs, which are expected to run into the
millions.

But as of last weekend, the farmers and ranchers in the hard-hit southern corner
of the state still were waiting for relief aid from the USDA. Representatives of
both Colorado's U.S. senators, Ken Salazar and Wayne Allard, met with ranchers
in Springfield, where they were told that state ag officials estimate losses
will reach $50 million to $100 million.

Allard, a Republican, has introduced a bill to require the USDA to cover some
livestock losses. Salazar has asked U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns to
consider livestock losses in addition to crop production losses, in order to
meet the threshold for USDA disaster aid.

Last week, U.S. Rep. John Salazar, D-Colo., announced that House Democrats will
attempt to attach $4 billion in agricultural disaster aid to the supplemental
defense budget bill expected to be moving through the House this month.

Copyright (c) 2007, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070304-PB-0304-Government-officials-rally-to-help-counties

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2007 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              159 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 July 27, 1998, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

U.S. DECLARES 66 PARCHED OKLAHOMA COUNTIES AS DISASTER AREAS

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A4

LENGTH: 413 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman declared most of Oklahoma a disaster area
Sunday because of devastating drought and excessive heat that has parched the
state.

Glickman said 66 of Oklahoma's 77 counties received the disaster designation.
Only the northeast corner of the state, near Missouri, has escaped serious
agricultural losses.

Texas, Florida and Georgia have already been declared disaster zones.

Glickman said April, May and June had been the driest in history for Texas, New
Mexico, Louisiana and Florida. He also estimated that 10 to 20 percent of all
farmers in North Dakota might be out of business because of "pre-existing
disaster problems."

"I mean, you're talking big numbers. And if the Texas situation continues, it
will particularly affect cotton and livestock producers, cattle producers. So
these are monumental issues and we will do our best to try to take care of
them," he said.

Under the disaster designation, the U.S. Department of Agriculture makes
low-interest loans available to farmers in the designated counties and
contiguous counties. To be eligible, farmers must have suffered a loss of 30
percent or more on any single crop.

The scorching weather continued Sunday in Texas. Dallas had the 21st day in a
row with the temperature above 100. Morning lows have not been below 80 for 24
days.

High demand and heat stress on pipes ruptured water mains in neighboring Fort
Worth on Saturday, the second day in a row, shutting off water to two hospitals
and the city's popular downtown tourist attractions.

Service had been restored throughout the city by Sunday, but all outdoor
watering was banned.

City officials will discuss on Monday when and how to lift the ban, water
department spokeswoman Mary Gugliuzza said.

"If everyone goes out and turns their sprinkler system on at the same time, that
could put quite a stress on the system again," she said.

Nationwide, the heat had been blamed for 141 deaths, including at least 93 in
Texas.

The heat is blamed for $ 1.5 billion in agricultural damage and more than 6,765
wildfires in Texas.

Meteorologists forecast little if any chance of cooling rain in the coming week
because of a large area of high pressure covering the South.

"The high pressure is pressing down on the earth, and suppressing the formation
of clouds that could perhaps develop into thunderstorms," said Michael Mach, a
meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Fort Worth.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              160 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             May 13, 2006 Saturday

Congress, Bush at odds on farm aid  ;
 20 House districts would get most of $1.6 billion

BYLINE: DORI MEINERT Copley News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 777 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Congress and the Bush administration are at odds over $1.6 billion in emergency
aid to farmers that senators included last week in a $109 billion funding bill
for the war in Iraq and hurricane victims.

While Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., and other farm-state lawmakers say the aid is
critical for farmers struggling from last year's drought and rising fuel costs,
President Bush has threatened to veto the bill because it's $14 billion more
than he requested.

In addition, Agriculture Department officials and several watchdog groups
complain that the emergency funding would be paid out only to a favored few.

More than half the $1.6 billion would go to farmers in 20 congressional
districts, including those of Illinois Reps. Tim Johnson, R-Urbana, John
Shimkus, R-Collinsville, and Ray LaHood, R-Peoria, according to the
Environmental Working Group.

That's because the emergency aid would be handed out to last year's farm payment
recipients - amounting to about 30 percent of what each received in 2005 -
perpetuating what critics see as an unfair distribution system. The money would
be in addition to annual subsidies.

"Even in the congressional districts where you have a substantial amount of the
money going in ... it's still not going to go to all of the farmers by any
means," said Ken Cook, president of the Environmental Working Group. "An average
of 38 percent of the farms in those top 20 districts will be left out. So even
within that there are serious inequities."

But Illinois Farm Bureau officials say the funding would go where it's needed
the most.

The Midwest, where farmers grow many of the crops favored under the current
system, was dramatically affected by increases in fuel prices, low crop yields
due to last year's drought and shipment disruptions because of Hurricane
Katrina, said Chuck Spencer, the bureau's director of national legislation.

"So I don't know that there's any surprise about it being the largest target for
relief," he said.

The $1.6 billion is part of a  $4 billion farm aid package included in the
emergency funding bill, which the Senate passed last week. It now goes to a
House-Senate conference committee.

While the House version didn't include the farm aid, House Agriculture Chairman
Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., has said he favors some emergency aid for farmers.

Durbin met with Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns in late April in an attempt
to persuade him to support the extra aid.

Illinois farmers suffered $433 million in losses as a direct result of the
drought, Durbin said. He also noted that an average, 1,000-acre farm, costs
$24,000 more to operate than in 2001, an increase he attributed to higher fuel,
fertilizer and pesticide costs.

Local House members offered more cautious support.

LaHood said that last year he supported emergency help for farmers that wasn't
included in the House bill. Relief money included by the Senate was rejected by
House leaders in conference.

"While I still believe our farmers need assistance to help recover from drought
damage, I believe we must find a way to pay for it and not just heap it on the
national debt," LaHood said in a statement issued by his office.

Shimkus noted that farmers can't pass on the increased costs of fuel and
fertilizer.

The arguments provide a glimpse of the upcoming battle over renewing the current
farm law.

The Environmental Working Group and Environmental Defense have joined with the
conservative Heritage Foundation and the libertarian Cato Institute to push for
major reforms in the system and to fight efforts to extend the current farm
program beyond its scheduled expiration in 2007.

"Even though we're told that farm subsidies are to help small, struggling family
farmers, the reality is that farm subsidies are America's largest corporate
welfare program," said Brian Riedl, a senior policy analyst for the Heritage
Foundation.

The reformers argue that the current farm program is unfair to farmers, consumer
and taxpayers. Most of the federal crop subsidies now go to those who grow just
a few crops, such as corn, wheat, rice and cotton.

The Environmental Working Group also argues that large commercial farm
operations receive a disproportionate share. In Illinois about 58 percent of the
federal dollars in 2004 went to just 10 percent of the recipients, according to
the group's database.

This week, two former agriculture secretaries - Republican Clayton Yeutter and
Democrat Dan Glickman - endorsed recommendations by the American Farmland Trust
to refocus the farm program so that it helps more farmers and livestock
producers, creates incentives for protecting the environment and avoids
challenges from trading partners.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Reps. Ray LaHood, left, and John Shimkus are among the 20 congressmen
whose constituents have the most to gain from the aid plan.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: WIRE. CNS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Watertown Daily Times (New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 3, 2007 Tuesday

Dairy farmers to receive $30 million in state aid

BYLINE: Chris Garifo, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 525 words


Apr. 3--ALBANY -- North country dairy farmers will be able to share in $30
million in financial support included in the 2007-08 enacted state budget, half
of what had been proposed by the state Senate.

"The original proposal was $60 million, but I'm pleased we were able to achieve
$30 million," said state Sen. James W. Wright, R-Watertown. "In general, the
governor and the Assembly were not supportive of it, so we had to negotiate on
it."

The aid was provided to help upstate dairy farmers deal with last year's
historically low milk prices, coupled with increased expenses for such crucial
items as fuel and animal feed.

The state Senate last month included the funding, to be disbursed through a
program administered by the state Department of Agriculture, in its budget
proposal. The plan was modeled on a similar aid program in Vermont.

Despite the support of Assemblyman Darrel J. Aubertine, D-Cape Vincent, a
longtime north country dairy farmer, the Assembly did not include the aid in its
budget proposal. However, Mr. Aubertine last month did introduce legislation
creating the dairy assistance program, including the full $60 million proposed
by the Senate.

"Obviously, it's less than we had hoped for," Mr. Aubertine said about the
compromise. "We had hoped for $60 million, but it's certainly going to be
important to our dairy farmers to help with crop expenses this spring."

Though the amount of money to be provided has been agreed upon, negotiators
still have to work out just how the money will be disbursed, Mr. Aubertine said.

"I hope it will be based on full year's production," he said.

Among the recommendations being considered are to cap the amount of milk
produced to be used in the disbursement formula at 4 million to 5 million
gallons, Mr. Aubertine said.

"But those are very preliminary numbers," he said.

Farmers can expect to get about 331/3 cents per hundredweight of milk, Mr.
Aubertine said. A hundredweight is 100 pounds, or 11.6 gallons, of milk.

A farmer with 50 milking cows produces about 1 million pounds of milk a year.
So, based on the 331/3 cents per hundredweight, that farmer would get slightly
more than $3,300 in aid.

"It's going to treat the small farms differently than the bigger farms," Mr.
Aubertine said. "If we had got the full $60 million, it would have been 50
cents, regardless of how big you were. We had planned on paying 50 cents per
hunderdredweight regardless of how many cows a farmer has."

The program is economic development aid using agriculture as a driver, Mr.
Aubertine said.

"Nobody's going to argue that this money isn't going to go back into the economy
of upstate New York," he said. "Farmers are going to spend every penny of this
locally getting their feed crops in the ground."

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.wdt.net. Copyright (c) 2007, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070403-WE-DAIRY-20070403

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WE


                      Copyright 2007 Watertown Daily Times


                              162 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 14, 1991, Saturday, Final Edition

Fuel Aid Unrelated To Food Stamps, Md. Judge Rules

From news services and staff reports

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B5; AROUND THE REGION

LENGTH: 189 words


A federal judge ruled yesterday that energy assistance grants made to low-income
people cannot be cited by the Agriculture Department as the basis for reducing
eligibility for food stamps.

The ruling, by U.S. District Judge Herbert F. Murray in Baltimore, affects about
202,000 Maryland welfare clients who receive both energy assistance and food
stamps. The lawsuit was filed six years ago by the state and the Maryland Legal
Aid Bureau after the federal government began requiring Maryland officials to
reduce food stamp allotments to people who received increases in their heating
assistance grants, which were counted as income.

"If the federal policy had not been challenged successfully, poor people in
Maryland would have to choose between having food or having heat during the
winter months, and we couldn't allow that," said Carolyn W. Colvin, Maryland
Department of Human Resources secretary.

Maryland Attorney General J. Joseph Curran Jr. (D) said Congress never intended
for the low-income people who receive help meeting their fuel bills to pay for
that assistance with cuts in their food stamp allotments.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              163 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 18, 2011 Friday

Redistricting here could aid agriculture interests

BYLINE: Erinn Connor, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 412 words


Nov. 18--With Pennsylvania's ongoing redistricting effort looking like it could
significantly reshuffle Berks County's legislative districts, some people who
live in the county's rural areas wonder if it will give them a stronger voice.

It won't hurt, judging by remarks that state Sen. David G. Argall made at the
Berks Agricultural Resource Network, or BARN, meeting Thursday during a speech
on redistricting's effect on those in agriculture.

The meeting was held at the Berks County Agricultural Center in Bern Township.

One of the more notable changes in the proposed map is a new House district.

The district would comprise a large swath of the county, wrapping around the
Reading area from Ruscombmanor and Alsace townships to Bethel and Upper
Tulpehocken townships.

"While it won't be a complete rural representation, it'll at least be a good
mix," said Argall, a Schuylkill County Republican who also represents part of
Berks.

The proposed redistricting plan he was talking about was prompted by population
shifts noted in the last census and would take effect in 2012.

Berks would still have all or parts of four state Senate and nine state House
districts, but they wouldn't be the same as they are now.

The new House district, the 5th, would be picked up from the Erie area.

Meanwhile, Berks would lose its part of the House's 125th District, which is
mostly in Schuylkill County.

BARN member Joseph Griffin asked Argall if there were any efforts being made so
rural areas could get more equal representation with urban areas in the
Legislature.

Argall said legislators have been introducing bills to do just that for 40 or 50
years, but he did not hold out much hope that any would ever pass.

He also defended the ongoing redistricting effort.

"It's a challenge for them," Argall said of those working on the plan. "Because
the districts are determined by population, it's hard to do much about it."

As for the agricultural community's political clout, Argall said it is not
always vocal about every issue but is passionate when it comes to hot-button
issues.

"This year, Sunday hunting has been a big issue," he said. "We've certainly
heard from a lot of people on all sides about that.

"When there's an issue that's important to the rural community, we'll hear about
it."

Contact Erinn Connor: 610-371-5042 or econnor@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2011 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111118-RE-Redistricting-here-could-aid-agriculture
-interests-1118-20111118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2011 Reading Eagle


                              164 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   August 28, 1994, SUNDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

ABUSES PLAGUING CROP-AID PROGRAM; STUDY FINDS LAX CONTROLS ON BILLIONS PAID TO
FARMERS

BYLINE: Louis J. Rose Of the Post-Dispatch Staff 1994, St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1315 words


The federal government has paid farmers billions of dollars in disaster aid for
crop losses under a program riddled with weak internal controls that left it
vulnerable to abuse and fraud, a federal investigation concludes.

The previously confidential report finds major defects at virtually every stage,
from the time farmers apply for help to when they get federal disaster-aid
checks from their county agricultural offices.

The investigators said safeguards were absent or so weak that they jeopardized
the integrity of the program. Some failings were human, others technical. For
example, local agricultural officials frequently handed out checks without
requiring farmers to prove the size of crop they lost, and computer programs
often were unreliable in monitoring claims, the report says.

A unit of the U.S. Department of Agriculture conducted the study. It focused on
the crop years 1990 and 1991 during which farmers got more than $ 1 billion in
disaster payments for crops lost to floods, drought or other weather-related
conditions.

But some federal officials say the problems uncovered in the study may have
spanned the period from 1988 - when Congress greatly expanded the program -
through last year's Great Flood.

Over the six years, the nation's farmers collected about $ 8.8 billion in
disaster aid. Missouri farmers got $ 265.8 million; Illinois farmers got $ 501.8
million.

In their review, Department of Agriculture investigators sampled 560
transactions in 30 county offices operated by the department's Agricultural
Stabilization and Conservation Service. They focused on 1990-91 records but also
examined some from 1992.

The sampling covered 18 states and included three Missouri counties - Lincoln,
New Madrid and Scotland - and four Illinois counties - Calhoun, Champaign,
Livingston and Wayne.

The report did not identify shortcomings in specific counties. Nor did
investigators set out to search for fraud or to calculate how much money the
government might have lost. Instead, they concentrated on evaluating internal
controls and suggesting changes to protect the system.

County offices and their three-member farmer committees have had a major role in
crop-disaster programs. Besides processing claims, they also issue checks.

The Post-Dispatch obtained the internal report earlier this month under a
Freedom of Information Act request. But the findings of a confidential interim
report had suggested some changes last September, even as the first claims were
being made from the Great Flood of '93.

"We immediately began making changes," said Grant Buntrock, who administers
disaster assistance as head of the stabilization and conservation agency. By
that time, many flood crop damage claims had been paid, but Buntrock ordered a
review using the new controls.

That review turned up instances where farmers got money they were not entitled
to, Buntrock said. He said some farmers had cheated to get more money, while in
other cases county employees had erred in making payments.

Buntrock has ordered local agricultural offices to collect the overpayments from
the farmers, he said. Big Volume, Big Rush

The Kansas City staff of the Financial Management Office, part of the
Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service, conducted the review. Among
the findings:

- Many county offices were unable to effectively handle disaster assistance
because they lacked time to train employees to handle the heavy volume of
applications.

- Computer data used in processing applications proved vulnerable to being
altered, either by accident or design. At risk were entries recording producer
shares, crop yields and insurance information.

For example, the report said one county improperly increased by 72 percent the
per-acre yield figure that should have been used in calculating soybean crop
losses.

- Agriculture employees often failed to get farmers to document production
claims and acreage involved in crop losses. Often, they accepted reports of
production and yield without examining supporting documents.

- Farmers collectively got about $ 957,000 more than they were entitled to
despite the system's limit then of $ 50,400 a year.

- County agriculture employees failed to make required spot checks on disaster
payments, intended to detect "error and fraud."

During the two-year period, Illinois farmers got $ 42.6 million in disaster aid,
the fifth highest state total. Missouri farmers wound up 12th, with $ 25.2
million. A Bumper Crop of Disaster Aid

Until six years ago, county agriculture officials dealt exclusively with crops
such as wheat, corn and cotton - so-called program crops - that had a
well-established history of production, yields and acreage data.

They expanded their horizons in 1988 when Congress made about 480 nonprogram or
specialty crops eligible for crop aid. Those are fruits, vegetables and other
crops that did not have federal price support.

Those crops frequently lacked production data by which employees could judge
claims. Some county offices ended up taking farmers at their word without
documenting loss claims.

The impact of making specialty crops eligible for disaster aid was dramatic -
and swift. By the end of 1989, producers of nonprogram crops had taken in $ 1.3
billion in disaster aid. Since then, disaster aid to farmers who have lost crops
has become almost an annual ritual.

The rapid increase in disaster spending caught the attention of federal and
congressional investigators. They say they have uncovered patterns of abuse and
fraud in disaster or crop insurance claims in several states, involving both
specialty and program crops.

Sen. Patrick J. Leahy, D-Vt., chairman of the Senate Agriculture Commiittee, has
been a leader in the drive to curb farm fraud.

"My committee's oversight activities have established that generous programs
designed to help farmers cope with serious disasters have too often been used by
farmers to help themselves to funds from the federal treasury," Leahy said
Friday.

"Neither honest farmers nor honest taxpayers should accept this type of fraud
and abuse. Those who defraud the program should be prosecuted as the criminals
they are."

In their 30-county review, federal investigators found about one in five claims
for disaster aid were not sufficiently documented to prove the extent of the
loss. Most of the deficiencies involved specialty crops.oapr

In some cases, farmers got aid after crops had been plowed under or without
evidence that they'd ever planted a crop.

The list of specialty crops covered by disaster aid has expanded to more than
1,200 crops. They include 120 kinds of flowers, four kinds of clover, oysters,
tropical fish, oregano, peppermint and ginseng.

While congressional and Agriculture Department officials have encouraged farmers
to buy crop insurance in recent years, most farmers have balked. Then whenf
disasters struck, Congress coughed up aid.

Donald F. Lloyd, an agriculture official in Washington, said the agency was
"exploring anything we can to maintain and increase the integrity of the
disaster-aid program. The problem is basically with our nonprogram crops. We
have a pretty good handle on the program crops because we get acreage reports
from the farmers in a timely manner."

Last week, the Senate took steps to reform the federal crop insurance program
and make it harder to provide federal bailouts for growers who do not buy crop
insurance. It passed a bill late Thursday that will have to be reconciled with a
version the House passed earlier.

Congress is considering a separate bill appropriating disaster aid for this
year.

"We got the flood in the Southeast in Georgia and Alabama," Lloyd said. "At this
point it's not that extensive, but we know we have something." Farmers in
Florida also are expected to file flood-damage claims.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, MAP, GRAPHIC; (1) Photo Headshot of Sen. (Patrick J.) Leahy (2)
Graphic/Map by Tom Borgman/Post-Dispatch - Federal Disaster Payments By Crop
Year - Bi-state counties included in a federal review. - Maps of Missouri and
Illinois show location of Lincoln, New Madrid and Scotland counties in Mo. and
Calhoun, Champaign, Livingston and Wayne counties in Ill., with chart showing
1990, 1991 and 1990 and 1991 total payments. 1990 and 1990         1991    '91
TOTAL MISSOURI Lincoln            $ 238,917     $ 210,125     $ 449,042 New
Madrid         $ 481,329   $ 1,324, 038   $ 1,805,367 Scotland           $
137,422     $ 158,816     $ 296,238 ILLINOIS Calhoun            $ 364,198      $
30,295     $ 394,493 Champaign           $ 19,902   $ 1,659,628   $ 1, 679,530
Livingston           $ 1,834   $ 3,800,400   $ 3,802,234 Wayne              $
696,550     $ 496,720   $ 1,193,270

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              165 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                             March 5, 1974, Tuesday

BYLINE: BY DAVID BINDER

SECTION: Page 1, Column 6

LENGTH: 195 words

Carnegie Endowment for Internatl Peace study, conducted by Roger Morris and Hal
Sheets, on relief efforts by US Govt and internatl agencies for '73 sub-Sahara
drought victims charges that gross neglect and outright failures contributed to
deaths of more than 100,000 people.  Asserts that AID officials and other relief
orgns had known that long-term drought was developing in region, but no
contigency plans were drawn.  Holds that 'pattern of neglect and inertia' by AID
and FAO caused emergency food and med supplies to reach nomads too late.  AID,
responding to charges, acknowledges that there had been no emergency plan for
region and that US relief effort in area, totaling $129-million, was not 'model
operation'.  Rejects charges of neglect and inertia.  Carnegie study makes
strongest charges on basis of '73 US PHS survey that found thousands of
inadequately fed nomadic children facing imminent death from measles, for which
vaccine was lacking.  Asserts that health findings, prepared by Center for
Disease Control, Atlanta, made clear acute malnutrition and rampant measles
epidemics were inevitable many mos before relief supplies were sent.  Map (M).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: 64-74

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Map

              Copyright 1974 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              166 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             July 2, 2016 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

SOUTH CAROLINA FARMERS CAN BEGIN APPLYING FOR $40 MILLION IN AID

BYLINE:  JEFFREY COLLINS  ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 460 words

DATELINE: WEST COLUMBIA, S.C.


When extension agent Charles Davis visits farms, he gets one question over and
over again - when will South Carolina farmers start getting aid for crops
damaged in last year's floods?

Finally, Davis and his fellow agents have the paperwork. The state on Friday
began taking applications for

$40 million in aid approved by lawmakers in May over Gov. Nikki Haley's veto.

The aid supplements crop insurance. It only covers

20 percent of losses from October's floods and subsequent months of waterlogged
fields and no farmer can get more than $100,000. But that extra money will be
vital to farmers who have tapped out their credit with months to go before
getting paid for this year's crops.

"We lost a heck of a lot of money in a short period of time," said Davis, the
Clemson University extension agent for Calhoun and Richland counties.

Up to

24 inches of rain fell over two days in parts of South Carolina. Much of the
state's cotton and peanut crop had not been harvested and simply rotted in the
stagnant water. Repeated heavy rains in the weeks after the floods kept fields
too wet to plant winter crops, taking another revenue stream from farmers and
eventually causing nearly $400 million in damage, state Agriculture Commissioner
Hugh Weathers said.

The application for state aid is available on the Department of Agriculture's
website. Farmers must have documented proof of their losses, show they plan on
farming again and sign a sworn statement.

Claims will be accepted through Aug.

15. If farmers request more than $40 million, the awards will be prorated,
Weathers said.

Officials are fanning out across the state to help farmers fill out their
applications. They will meet at community centers, farm sheds, restaurants and
extension offices from Dillon to St. George to Blackville throughout July.

South Carolina farmers saw more than just flooding disasters in

2015. The summer was hot and dry enough to wipe out another round of crops that
aren't included in the farm aid awards, Weathers said.

The farm aid bill turned into one of the biggest political battles of

2016. Dozens of farmers packed the Statehouse after Haley vetoed the bill, and
just five of 156 House members and senators voted to sustain the veto.

Weathers only briefly mentioned the political fight Thursday. "It is simply
designed to give them a lifeline," Weathers said. "This is not a bailout."

Haley said Thursday she still thinks farmers should not have been treated
differently and given aid not available to other small businesses that lost
everything. But she said she still wishes the state's farmers the best.

"It's not that I don't want the farmers to be successful. I do. But I am still
driving down the street and seeing businesses that have never opened back up
again," Haley said.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 23, 2015 Monday

Arizona: Store Owner Sentenced to Prison and Forfeiture of Funds for Federal
Food Program Fraud

LENGTH: 590  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:


ANCHORAGE, AK--U.S. Attorney Karen L. Loeffler announced today that an Anchorage
store owner was sentenced by U.S. District Court Judge Timothy M. Burgess to 18
months' imprisonment, along with forfeiture of over $42,000 in criminal proceeds
in connection with a United States Department of Agriculture food aid program
fraud scheme which he operated out of his Anchorage store.

In late 2013, Africa and Middle East Market store owner Ayub Yusuf Eprahin, 45,
was charged by the federal grand jury with 15 counts of wire fraud and 11 counts
of U.S. Department of Agriculture Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
(SNAP) food aid fraud in connection with the illegal use of food aid debit
cards. Eprahin, who plead guilty in 2014, to two counts of wire fraud, contested
the overall loss amount of the scheme, claiming it amounted to only $42,000. In
day-long and contentious sentencing hearing, Judge Burgess found that Eprahin
had defrauded the United States Department of Agriculture of more than $335,000
over a period of 19 months. As part of that finding, Judge Burgess imposed a
sentence of 18 months' imprisonment, forfeited to the United States more than
$42,000 in funds seized from Eprahin, and imposed a term of three years of
supervised release.

According to Assistant U.S. Attorney Steve Skrocki, in November, 2012, Eprahin
was the owner of the Africa and Middle East Market and a participant in the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), formerly known as the "Food
Stamp Program" administered by the United States Department of Agriculture's
Food and Nutritional Service. The program is designed to provide authorized
nutritional foods to low-income families. The federal government pays the full
cost of the SNAP benefits and also shares with the states some of the
administrative costs. Under the SNAP program, authorized recipients are issued a
certain amount of benefits each month, which they may use to purchase eligible
food items. SNAP recipients typically receive their benefits in the form of a
credit on their personal electronic benefit transfer card. The rules of the
program prohibit the purchase of items other than food, and the card benefits
cannot be redeemed for cash. As a participant in the program, Eprahin received
computer issued payments based on unauthorized purchases made by participants
from his store.

As part of the scheme Eprahin permitted non-food items and cash to be redeemed
from participants in the program on a large scale. In so doing, Eprahin
represented to the SNAP program that the benefits were being redeemed to
purchase eligible food items when they in fact were not. Instead, Judge Burgess
found that the cards were being used like ATM cards with amounts being debited
for cash instead of food items required by the program and with some of that
cash being wired overseas. Judge

Burgess noted that Eprahin's actions negatively impacted the community, other
small businesses and the integrity of a government program designed to help and
feed people in need, finding the offense, "very, very serious as hundreds of
thousands were misused by not being provided to those it was supposed to help."

Ms. Loeffler commends the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and United States
Department of Agriculture, Office of Inspector General, who administers the SNAP
program, for their investigation of this case.
In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          October 30, 1991, Wednesday

MADIGAN: BUSH TO UNVEIL SOVIET FOOD AID SOON

BYLINE: RICHARD LAWRENCE; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 566 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


President Bush will announce in the "very, very near future" a multipronged food
aid program to help the Soviet Union through the winter, Agriculture Secretary
Edward Madigan said Tuesday.

The announcement, he indicated, will be made jointly with Soviet President
ikhail Gorbachev, suggesting that it could be as early as today.

The two presidents met Tuesday in Madrid. Mr. Bush is scheduled to leave Spain
today to return directly to Washington.

Both President Bush at a Madrid press conference Tuesday and Mr. Madigan, in
remarks here, declined to disclose the magnitude of the food aid program.

But three congressional leaders separately indicated that Mr. Bush may scale
down Mr. Gorbachev's reported request of $ 3.5 billion in new U.S. agricultural
credit guarantees plus $ 1 billion in food donations and other emergency
humanitarian aid.

Rep. Kika de la Garza, D-Texas, the House Agriculture Committee chairman, said
his "guess" is that if Mr. Gorbachev asked for $ 3.6 billion in credit
guarantees, the administration would probably offer $ 1.5 billion.

Senate Minority Leader Bob Dole, R-Kan., raised the question of Soviet
''creditworthiness." The United States, he noted, has already extended $ 2.5
billion in farm credit guarantees to the Soviets in the last 10 months.

The Soviets already are "deep in debt," their economy "flat on its back," he
said. American taxpayers, he added, "don't want to be left holding the bag on
billions of dollars of credit."

Sen. Richard Lugar, Ind., the Senate Agriculture Committee's ranking Republican,
said whatever aid the United States provides will be a sort of ''rifle-shot"
approach, keyed to some big cities and "remote" areas.

Posing a further complication, Sen. Dole suggested that Mr. Bush's food aid
program will "have to be approved by the Congress," which is due to adjourn
shortly before Thanksgiving.

President Bush, he said, is "sensitive" to charges by Democrats that "if you are
not an American, President Bush will take care of you."

If Mr. Bush puts his food aid proposal to Congress, said Sen. Dole, ''Democrats
will have to either stop giving that speech or stop giving aid to the Soviets."

The question of Soviet creditworthiness, Mr. Madigan indicated, is a key factor
in the Bush administration's granting further credit guarantees to the Soviets.

The administration, he told a National Press Club luncheon, is still checking
whether the U.S. aid would meet "statutory" requirements. Last year, Congress
enacted a law generally setting strict creditworthiness criteria for U.S. farm
credit guarantees.

Earlier this year, the Senate and the House Agriculture Committee signaled that
they would not oppose $ 1.5 billion in credit guarantees that President Bush had
then proposed for the Soviets.

Whether Congress will do the same for any new Soviet food aid package is ''very
problematic," Sen. Dole said.

But, he added, "I think that we should look at the Gorbachev request
sympathetically."

President Bush said Tuesday that he and Mr. Gorbachev were trying to ''figure
out the best package we can that will come as close to meeting (Soviet)
requirements as possible for economic aid."

The food aid package, Mr. Madigan indicated, would include the offer of
technical assistance, ranging from the creation of "model farms" in the Soviet
Union to help in distributing produce.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: Graph: USSR WHEAT IMPORTS (1988-92) - US, CANADA, EC, AUSTRALIA,

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: GRAPHIC

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              169 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri) Issues
Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 276 words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAG-S-16-0032

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: March 9, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-16-0032 (2000003927) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after March 9, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near March 16, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Head Line: US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri) Issues
Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277 words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-16-0001

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: October 7, 2015

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-16-0001 (2000003642)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after Ocatober 7, 2015, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near October 14, 2015.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Head Line: US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri) Issues
Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277 words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-16-0001

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: October 7, 2015

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-16-0001 (2000003642)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after Ocatober 7, 2015, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near October 14, 2015.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    October 6, 1994, Thursday, City Edition

Smith is denied state aid for race

BYLINE: BILL MOSS

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 844 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



Jim Smith, who withdrew from the governor's race to run for agriculture
commissioner, faces a major financial hurdle in his new campaign.

A circuit judge Wednesday barred him from taking matching state money for  the
Cabinet race.

Judge Philip J. Padovano ruled that Smith's run for governor gave him the
advantage of heavy television exposure and boosted his name recognition.

"Jim Smith has been authorized to run for commissioner of agriculture, but  he
has not been allowed to obtain an unfair advantage by the expenditure of  public
funds he received in his previous race for governor," Padovano said.

Smith spent $ 2.2-million running for the Republican nomination for governor
and received $ 880,047 in public matching money.

Padovano's order gave incumbent Agriculture Commissioner Bob Crawford a  series
of victories on the campaign finance issues:

   Smith can't take public financing in this race because he spent  $ 2,219,859
in the gubernatorial campaign. The limit in the governor's race for  candidates
taking matching money is $ 5-million. The limit in Cabinet races is  $
2-million, which Smith already exceeded.

   Crawford is entitled to $ 219,859 in matching money, the amount Smith  spent
over the $ 2-million Cabinet cap.

   Smith must calculate how much of the $ 219,859 was public matching money  and
return that to the state treasury.

   If Smith got donations as a gubernatorial candidate from industries
regulated by the agriculture commissioner, he must give back the amount over  $
100. State law bars candidates for that job from taking donations of more  than
$ 100 from those regulated industries.

  "These contributions were not illegal when they were made in the race  for
governor, but they have become illegal now that Jim Smith has decided to  run
for commissioner of agriculture," Padovano said.

  Smith got into the race after the withdrawal of the GOP's original  nominee,
Frank Darden. Padovano said in court Friday that he was disturbed to  learn that
Republican Party chairman Tom Slade had talked about replacing  Darden with one
of the losing gubernatorial candidates on Aug. 6, two weeks  after the
qualifying period. Slade had testified in an earlier court  appearance that he
had not discussed the candidate swap until Sept. 8.

  Smith's attorney vowed to file an immediate appeal and said he will ask  the
judge to stay the order until the 1st District Court of Appeal resolves  the
case.

   The judge "granted Crawford everything he asked for, so obviously I am  not
happy with the result," said attorney Barry Richard.

   Smith said that if he doesn't win on appeal, "I think we have to fold  it up"

 in terms of raising money. The alternative, he said, is spending money  that
automatically accrues, to his opponent's benefit. Smith has only $ 16,000  on
hand now, including a $ 10,000 personal loan to his campaign.

  "I am absolutely stunned," he said of the ruling. "I've practiced a  lot of
law as attorney general for eight years, and this is the most  incredible ruling
I've ever seen. Obviously, he is incensed at Tom Slade, and  I am being
thoroughly thrashed, I think, because he's so upset with Tom."

  Slade was unrepentant. He questioned the political motivation of  Padovano.

  "The guy is a Democrat, his wife works for Lawton Chiles and we got a  bunch
of home cooking out of his courtroom," Slade said. "We got a political  decision
out of a political judge trying to judicially mandate Bob Crawford's
re-election."

  Padovano is married to Janet Ferris, a high-ranking official in the  Chiles
administration. Padovano could not be reached for comment Wednesday  night.

  "This thing is a slam dunk," said Lynda Russell, executive director of  the
Democratic Party. "The judge has made sure campaign finance will do what  it was
intended to do, not serve as golden parachute for failed politicians."

  Smith's candidacy has raised issues never tested before in court because  the
public financing law was enacted in 1991.

  Padovano referred in his ruling to the testimony of a surprise witness,  who
told the court on Friday that Slade had talked about a candidate swap two  weeks
after the qualifying period.

  "He explained that he put this word out only as a part of a campaign of
"disinformation' to confuse the Democrats and "mess with Crawford's head,' "
Padovano wrote. "This change in facts together with the new explanation came
about primarily as a result of the presence of Mr. Tom Clements," the man who
testified about his Aug. 6 conversation with Slade.

   Padovano said that while the law is unclear, its plain purpose was to  even
up campaign financing between candidates and allowing Smith to start  fresh
would defeat the law's purpose.

"To allow Jim Smith to start fresh at the beginning of a new campaign  spending
limit when he already has a $ 2.2-million head start in media exposure  would
defeat the purpose of the law," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; TAMPA TODAY

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Jim Smith

                            Times Publishing Company


                              173 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            June 30, 1998, Tuesday,

GOV. KING IS SEEKING FEDERAL AID TO HELP SODDEN FARMS RECOVER;
 THE $ 5.2 MILLION IN DISASTER RELIEF WOULD PROVIDE LOANS - NOT DIRECT AID - TO
FARMERS.

BYLINE: Clarke Canfield Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 693 words


June's heavy rains have destroyed as much as a third of the crops in southern
and western Maine, devastating scores of farmers and prompting the state to ask
for federal disaster aid.

The rains have flooded fields, left crops rotting, washed away fertilizers and
chemical sprays and otherwise wreaked havoc. More rain is forecast for today.

Doug Albert, owner of the 300-acre Albert Farm in Fryeburg, will lose most of
his potato crop on 150 acres. The rains turned his fields into lakes, and at
times the flooded Saco River put his potatoes 5 feet under water.

''We've lost about 80 percent of our potatoes,'' said Albert, who has been
farming for 34 years. ''I just had a guy in here from Presque Isle who said he's
been all over the country but never seen damage this bad.''

Gov. Angus King has asked Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman for $ 5.2
million in disaster aid for 11 of Maine's 16 counties. To meet the requirements
for aid, the rains must have destroyed at least 35 percent of the crops in those
counties, on average.

Albert Roach, state director for the Farm Service Agency, a part of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, said the disaster relief, if approved, will mean
little direct aid for farmers. Instead, it will provide primarily low-interest
loans to help farmers rebuild.

The 1996 federal Farm Bill, Roach said, changed the way disaster relief is
administered. Farmers now have to buy private crop insurance to protect
themselves. Many farmers - Albert included - are not covered.

''I feel very bad that there are some farmers who don't have crop insurance and
will be hurt very, very bad,'' Roach said. ''We're finding quite a few people
are falling through the cracks.''

The season got off to a promising start this spring, as mild weather allowed
farmers to plant early. The rains changed all that.

Heavy rains have fallen for weeks in the western and southern parts of the
state, flooding rivers and lakes and fields. The worst-hit areas have been along
the Saco River in York and Oxford counties and along the Sandy River in Franklin
County.

Farm agents have reported that entire fields in low-lying areas have been
submerged. When that happens, potato crops are destroyed, hay quality drops,
corn withers, strawberries rot.

Gary Raymond, the Farm Service Agency director for Franklin County, said some
farmers have replanted their beans and corn. But crop work for the most part has
come to a standstill, and entire strawberry fields have been abandoned.

In one instance, a field full of plastic-wrapped bales of hay flooded, causing
the bales to float into woodlands and down the Sandy River. One bale was found
10 miles away, stuck under a bridge in the town of New Sharon.

''To see the damage is enough to make you sick to your stomach,'' Raymond wrote
in his weekly farm report.

The losses go beyond the cost of crops, Raymond explained. Even for farmers who
can replant or salvage some of their crops, the rains washed away the expensive
fertilizers and pesticides they applied on their fields.

The loss of silage corn and hay will result in higher feed prices for dairy
farmers, who are already barely making a profit. Roach said he didn't know how
the losses would affect consumer prices, because the rest of the country has had
good harvests so far.

King, in a letter dated June 25, asked the government to declare as disaster
areas the counties of Androscoggin, Cumberland, Franklin, Kennebec, Knox,
Lincoln, Oxford, Sagadahoc, Somerset, Waldo and York.

Roach said it usually takes three to seven days for the department to respond to
a disaster request.

The National Weather Service predicts more rain today. The forecast then calls
for three consecutive days of fair weather, before rain possibly returns for the
weekend.

In northern and eastern Maine, meanwhile, the crops are doing exceptionally
well, Roach said.

He said weather conditions are ideal for potatoes, broccoli, blueberries and
other crops in Aroostook and Washington counties.

''The crops look as good as I've seen in 40 years,'' Roach said by car phone
while traveling through Aroostook County.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: color;

Staff photo by Doug Jones Doug Albert stands beside a potato fiel;

 on his farm in Fryeburg on Monday, as his son aerates the field on a tractor.
Albert, who has no private crop insurance, says he has lost about 80 percent of
his potato crop due to flooding.

                Copyright 1998 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              174 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 9, 2016 Thursday

State expands program urging food stamp users to buy produce

BYLINE: Justin Horwath, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 335 words


June 09--New Mexico is expanding a welfare program meant to encourage food aid
recipients to spend benefits on fruits and vegetables.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Wednesday it will grant $16.8
million nationally to encourage those on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance
Program, formerly known as food stamps, to spend benefits on healthy food. Just
over $2 million of that money will go to the New Mexico Farmers' Marketing
Association.

The money is also intended to benefit regional food producers in local
economies. Last year, the U.S. Department of Agriculture granted $99,999 to the
New Mexico Farmers' Marketing Association for the Double Up Food Bucks program.
State lawmakers allocated $128,000 to the program last year.

The program began in New Mexico in 2010 with 17 participating farmers markets,
Denise Miller, executive director of the New Mexico Farmers' Marketing
Association, said in a news release. She said the association expanded the
program last year to 34 farmers markets, allowing for participation in rural
communities.

Food assistance enrollees receive double the food stamp benefits if they spend
them at participating farmers markets in the state.

State lawmakers allocated $390,300 in state funding for the Double Up Food Bucks
program in the budget bill signed into law in February by Gov. Susana Martinez.
Miller said the funds will be used to expand the program to nearly 90 sites
across the state, including farmers markets, grocery stores, farm stands, mobile
markets and Community Supported Agriculture outlets.

The New Mexico Farmers' Marketing Association expects up to 25,000 food aid
recipients will use the program this year, for $1.2 million in local food sales
that will help support 800 small farms across the state.

Contact Justin Horwath at 505-986-3017 or jhorwath@sfnewmexican.com

___ (c)2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160609-SF-State
-expands-program-urging-food-stamp-users-to-buy-produce-0609-20160609

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              175 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            March 17, 2001, Saturday

USDA pays farmers for drought loss; 'Pressure': No state totals are released;
officials estimate the amount of aid could go as high as $2 billion

BYLINE: ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: Pg. a2

LENGTH: 290 words


WASHINGTON (AP) - The government began making $ 1.1 billion in payments Friday
to 160,000 farmers who lost crops to drought and other weather-related disasters
last year.

The totals could go higher, as the Agriculture Department said it will continue
taking applications from farmers who want aid. The department has been under
pressure from Congress to start sending checks to producers who already have
been approved for the assistance.

Congress put no limit on the total amount of aid, and some officials have
estimated it could reach $ 2 billion. USDA made $ 1.2 billion in disaster
payments for 1999 crop losses.

"American farmers are still feeling the pressure of low prices, and in many
cases the effects of natural disasters. These payments will assist farmers in
this difficult time," said Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman.

Texas, North Dakota, Nebraska and Kansas are among the states with the greatest
demand for the money, officials said. No state totals were released.

The payments cover a portion of the farmers' losses. Growers who lost their
entire crops would receive 42 cents for every dollar of their projected
production.

To be eligible for the program, farmers must have lost at least 35 percent of
their production.

No deadline for applications for the assistance has been set.

Many farmers need the government checks to start planting this year's crops,
said Rep. Larry Combest, R-Texas, chairman of the House Agriculture Committee.

"The producer's ability to complete financial arrangements is important to
moving forward with field preparations so that loans are secured, seed and input
costs are paid, and rural communities can begin the cycle of a new growing
season," Combest said.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001, Telegraph-Herald


                              176 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                June 24, 2001, Sunday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Farmers: USDA slow to stop wheat disease

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 851 words

DATELINE: ANTHONY, Kan.; WASHINGTON



Bureaucratic bungling by the U.S. Department of Agriculture has allowed the
spread of a plant disease that could prove as devastating to wheat exports as
foot-and-mouth disease has been to livestock, farm groups said.

Wheat growers in Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas say the USDA responded too slowly to
an outbreak of Karnal bunt at the southernmost edge of the nation's wheat belt
just as harvest was getting under way.

Karnal bunt is a fungus that is harmless to people but sours the taste and smell
of flour made from infected kernels. It also slightly cuts production in
infected fields.

The disease's main effect is economic: 80 countries ban imports of wheat grown
in infected regions.

That could be as crippling for American growers, who last year produced nearly $
6-billion of wheat, as would be the discovery of foot-and-mouth disease in U.S.
livestock, said Brett Myers, executive vice president for the Kansas Wheat
Growers Association.

The suspected Karnal bunt contamination was reported to the USDA on May 25, said
Michael Bryant, co-owner of the elevator in Olney, Texas, that found it.

But it took seven days before the USDA's Animal and Plant Inspection Service
confirmed the finding, and 15 days before it quarantined the first affected
counties.

Rep. Frank Lucas, R-Okla., has been pursuing the issue after a request from
growers for a Congressional investigation into the USDA's handling.

Rep. Condit meets

with police again

WASHINGTON - Police interviewed Rep. Gary Condit, D-Calif., a second time
Saturday in their search for a missing California woman he has described as a
"good friend."

The hourlong meeting took place mid afternoon at an undisclosed location, said
Terrance Gainer, Washington's executive assistant chief of police.

"The congressman was responsive to our inquiries," Gainer said.

But Gainer said police did not learn anything dramatic to help them in their
search for Chandra Levy, 24, of Modesto, Calif.

Gainer repeated Saturday night that Condit is not a suspect in Levy's
disappearance. But police wanted to talk to him again for any information he
might hold about Levy's habits or state of mind in the days before she
disappeared.

Levy was last seen April 30, in a Washington gym, a few days after she finished
an internship with the federal Bureau of Prisons.

Also . . .

CALIF. LOTTO HITS $ 140-MILLION: With time running out before the drawing,
people were lining up Saturday to buy what they hoped would be a winning ticket
for the biggest single-state lottery jackpot in U.S. history. Booming ticket
sales pushed the prize to $ 140-million. Early Saturday, 54,000 tickets were
being sold every minute.

AID FOR ALLISON VICTIMS: President Bush will make $ 500-million available to aid
victims of Tropical Storm Allison in five states, the White House said Saturday.
The money, to be released Monday, will be used by the Federal Emergency
Management Agency to aid people affected by the storm in Texas, Louisiana,
Florida, Mississippi and Pennsylvania.

UNIVERSITY CUTS NAZI CLASS: School officials worried that a course titled "The
Culture of Nazi Germany" would give Kennesaw State University an anti-Semitic
image have pulled the class from their fall catalog. The Georgia university has
been sued at least five times in the past decade by former professors claiming
anti-Semitism, said Ed Rugg, chief academic officer. Officials said the course
might be reintroduced for a later semester after a lengthy review.

DRUG COMPANY LOSES SUIT: One of the world's largest pharmaceutical manufacturers
lost a defamation lawsuit for misusing a woman's photo in a brochure for an AIDS
drug, prosecutors say. The woman sued Merck & Company and its New York
advertising agency, Harrison & Star, for improperly using her photograph in a
brochure for Crixivan, a drug to fight AIDS. The brochure described the woman as
a 19-year-old with two children and suggested she had contracted AIDS and herpes
through sexual promiscuity. The woman, a suburban housewife and mother in her
mid 30s, did not have herpes and contracted HIV from her husband.

9 HURT AT AMUSEMENT PARK: A ride at a New York amusement park toppled Saturday
evening, injuring nine people, police said. None of the injuries was considered
life-threatening, said Suffolk County police spokesman Mark Ryan. The ride's top
- a large disk to which swings are attached by chains - crashed to the ground
after the central column supporting the disk toppled over at Bullwinkles Family
Fun Center in Medford, about 50 miles from Manhattan. The cause of the accident
was under investigation.


EMERGENCY LANDING: A flight from Columbus, Ohio, to Hartford, Conn., made an
emergency landing in Pittston, Pa., Saturday because of smoke in the cockpit.
America West Express Flight 6583 landed at Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International
Airport about 10:30 a.m. The cause of the smoke was not immediately known, said
Benet Wilson, a spokeswoman for Mesa Airlines, which operates the flight for
America West. The Canadair CL-600-2B19 regional jet has room for 50 passengers.
No one was hurt.


LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                              177 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               November 7, 1998, Saturday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

MORNING BRIEFING

BYLINE: From Staff And Wires Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 33, MORNING BRIEFING COLUMN

LENGTH: 364 words



Fedex pilots put off strike vote

The pilots union at Federal Express, the world's largest air express package
carrier, has delayed mailing strike ballots to 3,200 members until Monday in a
bid to restart stalled contract negotiations.

This is the second time the Fedex Pilots Association has delayed sending the
ballots. Union leaders first said they would mail ballots in October.

A union spokesman said Friday that faster electronic counting methods give the
union more flexibility in mailing. It is asking members to authorize a strike
during the peak holiday shipping season.

Pay and scheduling are the major issues in the union's bid to get a first
contract at Fedex, a unit of Memphis, Tenn.-based FDX Corp.

Illinois farmers get aid

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has begun payments worth $ 236.8 million to
Illinois farmers to help offset losses from low commodity prices. A total of $
2.8 billion is being provided to farmers across the country. The USDA plans to
announce in a few weeks other provisions of this financial aid, including
disaster-relief payments.

Consumers borrow more

Borrowing by U.S. consumers rose at a faster-than-expected pace in September as
credit-card debt and personal loans accelerated, Federal Reserve figures showed.

Borrowing rose by $ 8.4 billion to $ 1.282 trillion after rising $ 4.4 billion
during August. Before Friday's report, analysts had expected an increase of $
4.7 billion for September.

Credit statistics are a gauge of changes in consumer spending, which accounts
for two-thirds of the U.S. gross domestic product.

Emerson will raise money

Emerson Electric Co. reserved the right Friday to raise up to $ 675 million over
the next two years through the sale of debt securities. The company filed its
intention with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Emerson wouldn't specify uses for the money. But an analyst said this week that
the company was poised to pick up its acquisition pace.

The company has $ 325 million left to raise from an earlier "shelf filing." Such
filings let a company register securities in advance and sell them as needed
over a two-year period.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              178 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                              June 5, 1989, Monday

NINE SHIPOWNERS BID FOR FOOD RELIEF CARGO

BYLINE: MARIE PRAT; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 521 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Nine vessel owners made offers Friday in the first U.S. government public bid
opening on freight rates for food-aid cargoes.

The bid opening at the Tunisian Embassy was observed by about 16 people,
including U.S. Department of Agriculture officials and ocean carrier
representatives. The Tunisian government sought bids on transportation of about
0,000 tons of bulk wheat.

The open tender for U.S.-flag shipping lines comes after years of government and
industry criticism regarding potential conflict of interest among shipping
agents.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture unveiled the change in a final rule published
in the Federal Register April 10. The rule went into effect May 25. It requires
that all freight bids financed by the U.S. government be opened in public with
"no negotiations, clarification or submission of additional information."

In the past, bids submitted to a destination country's agents or embassy were
opened behind closed doors with negotiations on freight rates allowed. Under the
new system, the destination government and the USDA will review the freight bids
coupled with bids on the commodity to determine the lowest cost.

"It's nothing unusual," said Rene Cohen of Bingham-Bigotte & Co., a New
York-based ship broker who watched the bid opening Friday. "The only thing is
there are not going to be any c ounter-offers."

The carriers offering bids were Gulfcoast Transit Co., Tampa, Fla.; Liberty
Maritime Corp. of New York City; Marine Transport Lines of Secaucus, N.J.;
Coastal Barge Corp. of Annapolis, Md.; Lykes Bros. Steamship Co. of New Orleans;
First Attransco Tankers Co. of New York; Trans Bulk Carriers Inc. of New York;
Crest Tankers of St. Louis; and Sea Hawk Management Inc. of Houston.

The bids listed both the possible loading ports and ports of destination. In
most cases, the load ports were either U.S. Gulf Coast or East Coast. One bid
included the St. Lawrence River west of Montreal.

Observers declined to comment on the host of rates offered in the bids,
preferring to take time to analyze them.

The bids varied widely with some companies making offers on only part of the
40,000 tons available for shipment.

Each bid gave a range of rates depending on coastal range, volume and other
factors. For instance, Lykes offered a basic bid of $ 69 a gross metric ton for
2,000 tons to 3,999 tons; $ 67 for 4,000 tons to 6,999 tons; and $ 65 for 7,000
tons to 9,000 tons. The Lykes bid listed U.S. Gulf ports for loading and the
full range of Tunisian ports for discharging the cargo.

Lykes also specified that the vessel, the Genevieve Lykes, must be able to load
and discharge at other ports en route.

Glenn D. Whiteman, deputy assistant administrator for export credits in the
USDA, said the freight bids will be matched up with commodity bids to be opened
today. By Tuesday, he said, the Tunisian government will suggest a carrier.

Mr. Whiteman said the open bidding was "deemed significant by some people.
Frankly, we didn't think it was that significant."

Mr. Cohen said it could ensure that the lowest bid will get the contract.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: Graphic: Food For Peace? - Food For Profit? United States of
America

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: GRAPHIC

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              179 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 30, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: 12-1NAG-17-S-0006

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: November 30, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation 12-1NAG-17-S-0006 (2000004438) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after November 29, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near December 7, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 8169262540


LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 30, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: 12-1NAG-17-S-0006

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: November 30, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation 12-1NAG-17-S-0006 (2000004438) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after November 29, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near December 7, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 8169262540


LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: 12-1NFG-17-S-0004

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: November 22, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation 12-1NFG-17-S-0004 (2000004433) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after November 22, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near Nobember 30, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 8169262540


LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: 12-1NAG-17-S-0003

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: November 9, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation 12-1NAG-17-S-000 (2000004418) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after November 9, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near November 16, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 8169262540


LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-17-0001

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: October 4, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-17-0001 (2000004335) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after October 4, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near October 12, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-17-0001

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: October 4, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-17-0001 (2000004335) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after October 4, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near October 12, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 278  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAG-S-16-0060

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: September 19, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-16-0060 (2000004320) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after Spetember  16, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near September 22, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 278  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAG-S-16-0060

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: September 19, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-16-0060 (2000004320) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after Spetember  16, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near September 22, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-16-0058

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: August 17, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-16-0058 (2000004265) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after August 16, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near Ausust 24, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 276  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-16-0056

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: July 28, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-16-0056 (2000004224)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after July 28, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near August 3, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 276  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAG-S-16-0054

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: July 25, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-16-0054 (2000004202) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after July 20, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near July 27, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2016 Monday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 276  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAG-S-16-0054

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: July 25, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-16-0054 (2000004202) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after July 20, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near July 27, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277 words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAG-S-16-0030

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: February 24, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-16-0030 (2000003905) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after February 24, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near March 2, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277 words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAG-S-16-0030

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: February 24, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-16-0030 (2000003905) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after February 24, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near March 2, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277 words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAG-S-16-0030

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: February 24, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-16-0030 (2000003905) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after February 24, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near March 2, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277 words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAG-S-16-0030

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: February 24, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-16-0030 (2000003905) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after February 24, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near March 2, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAG-S-16-0025

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: February 5, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-16-0025 (2000003874) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after Ferbuary 4, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near February 10, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-16-0024

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: February 2, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-16-0024 (2000003854) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after February  2, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near February 9, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 314

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAG-S-16-0020

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: January 13, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-16-0020 (2000003815)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 13, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 20, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 9, 2016 Saturday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAG-S-16-0018

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: January 8, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-16-0018 (2000003793)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 6, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 13, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 9, 2016 Saturday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAG-S-16-0018

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: January 8, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-16-0018 (2000003793)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 6, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 13, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 8, 2016 Friday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-16-0017

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: January 7, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-16-0017 (2000003791)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 6, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 13, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 8, 2016 Friday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-16-0016

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: January 7, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-16-0016 (2000003786) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 5, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 12, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 5, 2016 Tuesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-16-0016

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: January 5, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-16-0016 (2000003786) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 5, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 12, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 5, 2016 Tuesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-16-0015

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: January 5, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-16-0015 (2000003783) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after December 29, 2015, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 6, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 30, 2015 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-16-0015

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: December 30, 2015

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-16-0015 (2000003783) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after December 29, 2015, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 6, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 18, 2015 Friday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 278  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAG-S-16-0012

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: December 16, 2015

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-16-0012 (2000003769) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after December 16, 2015, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near December 22, 2015.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                            June 22, 2000, Thursday

FARM POST: POUNDS 4.7BN AID ATTACKED BY EU;
 COMMISSIONER ANGERED BY US PROMISE

BYLINE: John Duckers Business Editor

SECTION: Pg. 30

LENGTH: 540 words


European Union Farm Commissioner Mr Franz Fischler yesterday attacked a US
decision to give pounds 4.7 billion in aid to farmers, saying it conflicted with
American calls for a global cutback in farm support.

President Bill Clinton approved the aid to shield farmers from persistently low
prices.

The money was added on to legislation restructuring the crop insurance programme
at a cost to the US government of pounds 5.3 billion over six years.

'Providing supplementary support to US farmers severely undermines the
credibility of the frequent US statements on the need for a global reduction in
agricultural support,' said Mr Fischler.

He said US direct support to agriculture had increased by about 700 per cent
since 1996.

Mr Fischler's strongly-worded statement could be an opening shot in skirmishes
expected in Geneva, where World Trade Organisation talks on removing remaining
obstacles to open farm trade began in March.

'Time and again the US denounces other countries, in particular the EU, for
providing support to their farmers while at the same time, year after year, it
provides special financial packages for its own farmers,' Mr Fischler added.

By contrast, he said, the EU had passed a second major agricultural policy
reform in a decade, including a freeze on spending until 2006.

EU governments agreed last year on Agenda 2000 reforms which eroded internal
price supports for arable, beef and dairy products and compensated farmers with
higher direct-aid payments.

Mr Fischler said the EU would carefully monitor developments in US policy to
ensure it respected commitments made under the 1986-93 Uruguay Round of global
trade liberalisation talks. The EU would oppose any attempt by the United States
to circumvent its WTO spending limit by 'misclassifying' farm payments, he said.

The farm support issue has long been a sore point in the EU's relations with the
United States and the Australian-led Cairns group of major agricultural
exporting countries.

Washington regularly attacks the EU's Common Agricultural Policy, with its
annual pounds 25.6 billion budget.

Disputes over agricultural subsidies helped to sink attempts to launch a new
round of global trade liberalisation talks in Seattle last December.

Narrower WTO talks on farm trade did get under way in Geneva in March. The
United States and the Cairns group want those talks, which have no set
timeframe, to lead to the elimination of farm export subsidies, reductions in
trade-distorting domestic supports and lower agricultural import barriers.

The European Commission said the latest US aid package, together with those
approved in 1998 and 1999, amounted to more than pounds 20 billion in
supplementary aid to US farmers.

'Estimates for direct payments to US farmers this fiscal year suggest a payout
by the federal government of more than $ 32 billion (pounds 21 billion) or $
16,000 (pounds 10,660) per farmer - more than three times the average level paid
to EU farmers,' the commission said.

These payments represented only about one third of the total budget of the US
Department of Agriculture, and much of the rest was used for the direct or
hidden benefit of US agriculture, it said.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2000 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              207 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    November 17, 1994 Thursday FINAL EDITION

SACRED COW WILL THE GOP'S BUDGET SCYTHE PASS OVER FARM AID?

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A22

LENGTH: 363 words


If Newt Gingrich and his allies really want to dismantle Big Government, one
obvious step is to end federal subsidies of Big Agriculture.

Federal support for agriculture will cost about $10 billion in 1995. That's a
lot of money, and it's spread very unevenly. Wheat, rice and tobacco farmers get
aid, for example, while folks who produce beef and many vegetables don't.

The new Republican majority includes a natural leader of a push for free- market
economics in agriculture. Rep. Dick Armey of Texas, a former economics
professor, has long crusaded against "the staggering waste and inefficiency" of
"America's Soviet-style farm policy."

Mr. Armey, whose fresh thinking on budget matters has earned him influence with
his colleagues, neatly summed up the inanity of U.S. farm policy five years ago:
"While a sound economy should produce an abundance of goods that can then be
sold at a low price, our farm programs are designed to create a scarcity of
goods that can then be sold at a high price."

Alas, now that he's on the verge of real power as House majority leader, the
outspoken Mr. Armey is losing his voice on the topic of farm folly.

He announced this week that he would defer on agricultural issues - which are up
for a five-year review next year - to the new chairman of the Agriculture
Committee: Pat Roberts of Kansas, a state that produces more than a little in
the way of federally subsidized grains.

The Senate agriculture panel is as loaded down with farm-state lovers of the
status quo as the House one is.

What a letdown.

Here we were, all set to sit back and watch the revolution begin. Then, before
it even starts, the special interests win a big one.

Not perhaps what all those angry voters had in mind last week.

In their post-election rants against wasteful government spending, Mr. Gingrich
and his allies have aimed a lot of fire against welfare - by which they mean Aid
to Families with Dependent Children, food stamps and so on.

If they really want to attack waste, they also need to go after welfare for
non-needy parties, such as agribusiness.

Otherwise, they'll just be treating the voters as a bunch of rubes.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                  Copyright 1994 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 278  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-16-0057

Notice Type: Solicitation / Cancelled
Posted Date: August 11, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-16-0057 (2000004245) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after August 2, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near August 10, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-16-0016

Notice Type: Solicitation / Cancelled
Posted Date: January 13, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-16-0016 (2000003786) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after January 5, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near January 12, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                               May 6, 2002 Monday

Farm bill could be cash cow for Minnesota farmers

BYLINE: David Knutson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 733 words


Congress is poised to pass a farm bill that includes $73.5 million in new
spending and covers everything from trade policy to conservation measures,
nutrition programs and aid to farmers when commodity prices are down.

A conference committee last week reached agreement on the legislation, which is
expected to be passed by both the House and Senate and signed by President Bush.

The bill is a departure from the past farm bill -- the Freedom to Farm Act --
which relied more heavily on markets and included little federal aid to
producers. Poor commodity prices in recent years have forced Congress to
appropriate billions of dollars annually in emergency aid to producers.

The new law would include counter-cyclical payments -- when prices are low,
producers receive higher payments; when they are high, lower payments are given.

"I would say it's not heaven on earth, but it's real good for Minnesota," said
U.S. Sen. Paul Wellstone, during a teleconference call with state media last
week.

U.S. Sen. Mark Dayton, who sits with Wellstone on the Senate Agriculture
Committee, agreed, calling the new bill "a huge improvement over current law."

The two senators noted that the Northeast Dairy Compact -- a longtime agreement
that critics say boosted milk prices for producers in the Northeast at the
expense of those in the Midwest -- has been changed to include a national
price-support program.

"We've been admitted into the Northeast Dairy Compact along with the rest of the
country," Dayton said.

He estimated the new program could mean as much as $12,000 more income for the
average milk producer in Minnesota, he said.

"It's the best thing that's happened to dairy farmers for a long time," Dayton
said.

The bill also includes increased spending for conservation programs such as the
Conservation Reserve Program and wetlands restoration.

For rural Minnesota, the bill should mean a significant infusion of dollars,
Dayton said.

"This is the economic stimulus bill for greater Minnesota and for the heartland
of America," he said.

For the average consumer, evidence of the new legislation will be seen on
produce they buy in the form of country-of-origin labeling. Wellstone pushed for
the labeling to be included in the final bill.

"Consumers have every right to know what they are eating and where it was
produced," he said, noting that the use of pesticides and other factors vary
greatly in crop production around the world.

Al Christopherson, president of the Minnesota Farm Bureau, said a key element in
the legislation gives producers some ability to plan.

"It gives us a little degree of certainty as to what is going to transpire next
year," Christopherson said. "Lenders are always interested in that certainty."

Much of the debate in recent months over the farm bill involved regional
differences, he noted.

The dairy compact is an example, he said, of sections of the country wanting to
protect or do away with the status quo.

"We have felt for a long time that the dairy compact really favored the
Northeast and to some extent the South and was a disadvantage to us,"
Christopherson said. "The long and the short of it was that dairy policy needed
to be overhauled."

Other differences also came into play, he said.

Generally, southern farm operations tend to be much larger than those in the
Midwest, Christopherson said. As a result, there was some effort to limit their
eligibility for federal payments.

"(But) in the Midwest we were concerned that if indeed you had limits in the
South, you force them out of cotton and rice and into corn and soybean and then
into competition with us," he said.

Kristin Weeks-Duncanson, vice president of the Minnesota Soybean Growers
Association, said the farm bill is only part of the good news out of Washington
recently.

The energy bill recently passed by the Senate would require American refiners to
triple their use of ethanol by 2012. Minnesota soybean farmers rotate their
crops with corn.

But Christopherson -- who grows corn and soybeans and raises hogs on his farm
northwest of Willmar -- tempered his enthusiasm for the pending legislation.

"I've farmed for 30 years," he said. "I don't know that there has ever been a
farm bill deemed successful while we've been a part of it. It seems like the
success of a farm bill rises or falls depending on how the next farm bill treats
you."

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 3, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Farmers get emergency drought aid

BYLINE: Gary Fields

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 347 words

DATELINE: CHARLES TOWN, W. Va.


CHARLES TOWN, W. Va. -- Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman declared
88 counties in six mid-Atlantic states federal disaster areas
Monday, making farmers enduring the worst drought since the 1930s
eligible for low-cost loans.

The emergency declaration includes all 55 counties in West Virginia
and 33 counties in Kentucky, Maryland, Ohio, Pennsylvania and
Virginia.


Rainfall in those states has been about 14 inches below normal
for the past year, leaving fields dry and crops stunted. Adding
to the problems is a heat wave in parts of the Midwest and Northeast
that has been blamed for at least 218 deaths since July 19.

The disaster declaration makes farmers in the 88 counties eligible
for low-interest loans that would cover up to 80% of their losses.

Agriculture Department officials said other counties in those
states could be added to the list, along with parts of Connecticut,
New Jersey, Indiana, Massachusetts, Tennessee, New York and Delaware.

Glickman said low prices along with the drought are creating a
"double whammy" for farmers. He said the Clinton administration
and Congress would work to develop a long-term plan to give farmers
"a safety net" that includes more crop insurance and price relief.

West Virginia Agriculture Commissioner Gus Douglass estimated
that the state's 21,000 farmers have lost $ 100 million because
of the drought. He said 10% of them would go out of business as
a result.

Joe Hottel, who raises corn, wheat, soybeans and hay on his 8,500
acres in Burkittsville, Md., said the answer is not more loans
from the federal government. "We need higher prices or something
to get us through these times," he said.

Hottel said corn sold for $ 2.95 a bushel in 1974, and the price
now is $ 2.10. During the same period the cost of a combine has
increased from $ 35,000 to $ 210,000.

"I'm 57 and I've got some land, and now I'm borrowing against
the equity in my land to pay my farm loans," he said.

"I've got some major decisions to make in the next year. Do I
want to keep going?"

LOAD-DATE: August 03, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Roberto Borea, AP; Withered: Drought-stunted corn in
Frederick, Md.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              212 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              December 16, 1993, Thursday, North Suncoast Edition

Trial postponed for teens in rest-stop tourist killing

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; STATE DIGEST; THE STATE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 476 words

DATELINE: MONTICELLO; PENSACOLA; JACKSONVILLE; MIAMI; PLANTATION



A circuit judge Wednesday postponed to March the trial of four teenagers
accused of killing a British tourist at an interstate highway rest stop. The
trial, scheduled for Jan. 29, was pushed back to March 29. The defense lawyer
predicted even that date would not hold up.

County to let students leave school for religious training

PENSACOLA - Escambia will become the second county in Florida to give high
school students the option of leaving campus an hour daily for religious
instruction. Brevard was first. The hour will come out of non-academic time
under a policy the School Board adopted Tuesday. Classes will be conducted by
churches or other religious groups on their own property.

Gun buyback program to

try statewide expansion

JACKSONVILLE - A gun buyback program is going statewide on Dr. Martin Luther
King Jr.'s birthday next month. Bob Ingram, a leader in the Black Issues  Forum,
said Wednesday that the Jacksonville organization has been asked by the  Florida
General Baptist Convention to help set up a statewide program. In  Jacksonville,
individuals who turn in workable guns are paid $ 25, no questions  asked. The
guns are then turned over to the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office.  Since June,
about 1,000 guns have come in.

Computers used for AIDS network are stolen, erased

MIAMI - Two hospital security guards have been arrested in the in-house theft
of desktop computers bearing the records of 7,000 people who receive  AIDS
-related services. One of the stolen computers was sold to an unsuspecting
buyer; another was being used in the home of one of those arrested, police
said. Both hard drives, which carried the AIDS program information, had been
erased. AIDS activists feared the confidential information could be used
against the patients served by the South Florida AIDS Network. However, both
suspects, Edgardo Chacon-Diaz and Robert Gonzalez, denied they knew what was  in
the computers.

Gas cheat checks

Agriculture Commissioner Bob Crawford fills a gasoline can Wednesday in
Tallahassee as he announces the state will seek fines from three South Florida
stations that have been cheating customers. Crawford advised consumers to call
(800) 435-7352 to report suspected fraud.

One person killed, two wounded at car dealership

PLANTATION - Three men opened fire in a used car dealership Wednesday night,
killing one employee and wounding two other people, police said. The finance
manager of City Auto Repo Sales was killed and his wife wounded in the attack.
She was apparently at the business to pick up her husband after work. The
firm's sales manager also was wounded. Police did not release the names of the
victims. The suspects may have planned to rob the dealership, police said.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press; Agriculture Commissioner Bob
Crawford fills a gasoline can Wednesday in Tallahassee

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              213 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             March 15, 1999, Monday

Farmers won't get relief aid until June

BYLINE: BY JANELLE CARTER

SECTION: COMMODITIES/CHEMICALS/ENERGY; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 480 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Farmers counting on $2 billion in congressionally approved disaster aid will
have to wait until June to get it, Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said.

In a letter sent last week to Senate Agriculture Chairman Richard Lugar and
House Agriculture Chairman Larry Combest, Mr. Glickman said administering the
aid is ""far more complex than past natural disaster assistance programs.''

And he said the agency is inundated with aid disbursements during this
tumultuous farm year, including assistance packages of $50 million for hog
farmers and $200 million for dairy farmers.

""Getting these payments out as expeditiously and as fairly as possible is a top
personal priority for me,'' Mr. Glickman wrote Mr. Combest, R-Texas, fired back
that the delay was ""unacceptable.''

""There are now billions of dollars that should already be in the hands of
farmers and ranchers,'' Mr. Combest said, noting that farmers need the money as
they go into the planting season.

Many in Congress have complained that USDA is moving too slow in administering
aid to farmers. Congress approved the money as part of a $6 billion emergency
package late last year amid free-falling commodity prices. Prices have done
little to rebound since then - making some members of Congress angry at the slow
dispersal process.

Rep. Bill Barrett, R-Neb., has accused the agency of ""foot-dragging.''

""To see delay after delay stack up while our producers are in need of
assistance is unacceptable,'' Mr. Barrett said early this month.

Mr. Glickman said one of the things complicating the disbursement is that it
covers farmers who have suffered crop losses over several years before 1998 or
who had losses only in 1998.

""USDA must go through one additional step of determining which will pay the
applicant more before issuing final payments,'' he said.

Lawmakers on both sides of the Capitol, meanwhile, spent Wednesday looking at
ways to overhaul a crop insurance program for farmers, even while acknowledging
an uphill battle for money.

The USDA unveiled details for between $2 billion to $2.5 billion worth of
reforms, including raising coverage, making higher-level coverage more
affordable and covering multiyear disasters as well as livestock. Several
lawmakers have introduced proposals as well.

""Our proposal is specific and it is designed to fill the most glaring crop
insurance voids,'' Mr. Glickman said in a statement. ""It will make crop
insurance more affordable and worth buying.''

But it won't be easy as Congress faces pressure to use budget surpluses for
Social Security and Medicare. ""I've got to figure out what the tide will
bear,'' Mr. Lugar, R-Ind., said of attempts to get money.

About 79 GOP lawmakers sent a letter to House Budget Committee Chairman John
Kasich last week urging him to address crop insurance in his committee's budget
resolution.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              214 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Morris Daily Herald (Illinois)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

State Rep. Anthony talks about agriculture education funding cuts

BYLINE: Heidi Litchfield, Morris Daily Herald, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 390 words


March 24--MORRIS -- The proposed Illinois budget for fiscal 2017 that Gov. Bruce
Rauner put forward showed the funding for agricultural education zeroed out,
upsetting many in the agriculture education industry.

According to a news release sent by Jess Smithers, state coordinator of
Facilitating Coordination in Agricultural Education, 25 percent of all jobs in
Illinois are directly or indirectly related to agriculture.

"This proposed cut comes just as the demand for agricultural teachers is
exceeding the supply from out state universities by over 32 a year," the release
stated.

Andrew Bowman, chairman of the Illinois Leadership Council for Agricultural
Education, said in the release that the organization acknowledges the need for
drastic action on the part of the state government, but it strongly is opposed
to the agricultural education cut.

State Rep. John Anthony, R-Joliet, a member of the House Agriculture Committee,
said he supports agriculture education.

"I support ag education in the classroom 100 percent and I have personally
donated thousands of dollars to support local FFA chapters in my district,"
Anthony said.

He said he reached out to the governor's office after hearing concerns from
residents and said the governor is not eliminating funding for agriculture
education -- he instead is proposing giving the power back to each school
district to decide which specialized education is important.

"The governor hasn't eliminated funding for ag education," Anthony said.
"Instead, he's giving power back to our communities by taking all specialized
funding, including ag education, and pooling it into General State Aid."

General State Aid has not been paid 100 percent to school districts since 2009.
According to data from Illinois State Board of Education, pre-oration has paid
GSA to schools between 87 percent and 99 percent for fiscal 2010 through 2015.

Anthony said the governor's plan would fund General State Aid at 100 percent,
increasing local control.

"It's also worth noting that the governor's proposal includes a funding increase
for the cooperative extension, which support our 4-H program and other ag
education initiatives," Anthony said.

___ (c)2016 the Morris Daily Herald (Morris, Ill.) Visit the Morris Daily Herald
(Morris, Ill.) at www.morrisdailyherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160324-1MO-State-Rep-Anthony-talks-about-agriculture
-education-funding-cuts-0324-20160324

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MO


                       Copyright 2016 Morris Daily Herald


                              215 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 17, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. TO TEST FOR TIE BETWEEN AIDS AND SWINE FEVER

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 5, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 540 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 16


Federal medical researchers said today that they were preparing to test the
blood of AIDS patients for the presence of African swine fever in an effort to
prove or disprove a disputed theory that the lethal disease in humans is somehow
related to the swine virus.

They said they were also preparing to test blood serum collected from pigs in
Belle Glade, Fla., for the presence of the human AIDS virus as a result of a
disputed report that antibodies to the African swine disease were found in a
single pig there.

''The question of whether these two viruses are somehow related has come up
repeatedly for several years,'' said Dr. Harold Jaffe, chief of the epidemiology
branch in the AIDS program at the Federal Centers for Disease Control in
Atlanta. ''We feel the work that has been done does not support either African
swine fever playing a role in human AIDS or that the human AIDS virus can infect
swine. But it was our feeling that we should try to do some experiment that
would be definitive.''

Dr. Jaffe said a test for diagnosing swine fever in pigs would be adapted to
humans, and a test for diagnosing acquired immune deficiency syndrome in humans
would be adapted to pigs. He said the testing could begin before the end of the
month and the results should be ready several weeks later.

Theory Raises Controversy

Since 1983 a controversial theory about the cause of AIDS, based largely on
visual evidence, has been advanced by Dr. Jane Teas, a pathobiologist who was
formerly at the Harvard School of Public Health. In a letter to the British
medical journal Lancet, Dr. Teas suggested that African swine fever be
investigated as the possible cause of AIDS because the symptoms of human AIDS
patients closely resembled those of pigs infected with chronic African swine
fever.

Though the vast majority of AIDS researchers insist that the theory has no
scientific basis, it continues to attract attention among a small group of
scientists and homosexuals, who along with intravenous drug abusers are the
major group affected by AIDS in the United States.

Last year, Dr. John Beldekas, a biochemist at the Boston University School of
Medicine, tested the blood of AIDS patients and found evidence of the swine
fever virus in half the samples. Last September, the New York State Department
of Health tested blood from healthy donors and found that 4.5 percent of the
samples contained antibodies to the swine fever, indicating that the people
could have been exposed to the disease.

African swine fever, one of the world's most devastating livestock diseases, has
never been found in North America, according to the Department of Agriculture.
Last May, Dr. Beldekas reported finding antibodies to the virus in the blood of
a single pig from a farm in Belle Glade. After testing the blood from more than
150 animals on two farms near Belle Glade, the Agriculture Department concluded
that there was no swine fever in Florida.

Dr. Teas said today that she was worried that scientists from the Federal center
were pursuing the research with a predetermined conclusion. ''I worry that
people in Atlanta know absolutely nothing about pigs and that they are being
forced to do this for political reasons,'' she said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Dr. Harold Jaffe (AP)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              216 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 23, 1991, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES/OPTIONS;
Grain Prices Surge on Hope Of Further Aid for Soviets

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 18; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 394 words


Grain and soybean futures prices rose strongly yesterday after President Bush
raised hopes for new food aid to the Soviet Union by declaring "nobody is going
to starve" there this winter.

Wheat for December delivery rose 5 3/4 cents on the Chicago Board of Trade to
settle at $3.60 3/4 a bushel, a 17-month high. December corn ended 3 3/4 cents
higher at $2.54 1/4 a bushel; December oats rose 3/4 cent, to $1.34 1/4 a
bushel, and November soybeans climbed 8 cents, to $5.55 1/2 a bushel.

Mr. Bush received a Soviet request for emergency food aid yesterday from
Agriculture Secretary Edward R. Madigan, who recently visited the Soviet Union.

The President said he had not decided how much help he would approve but added
that the United States was open to humanitarian aid.

"Nobody is going to starve, and people are not going to be adversely affected in
their health for lack of medicine," Mr. Bush said.

The remark bolstered perceptions among grain traders that more United States
grain would soon be headed for the Soviet Union.

"It was taken as meaning we're going to feed them no matter what they need,"
said John Frazier, director of agricultural commodities trading with Gerald Inc.
in Chicago.

Mr. Bush also said, however, that he wanted to consult with United States allies
before offering aid to the Soviets.

Energy Prices Off

Energy futures dropped on the New York Mercantile Exchange, making traders
wonder whether a monthlong rally had run its course.

A sharp drop in November crude oil deliveries may have been exaggerated,
however, by the contract's expiration. Oil to be delivered later fell more
modestly.

November crude dropped 56 cents, to $23.48 a barrel; November home heating oil
fell 0.72 cent, to 69.46 cents a gallon; November unleaded gasoline slipped 0.21
cent, to 65.23 cents a gallon, and November natural gas tumbled 10.3 cents, to
$1.910 for 1,000 cubic feet.

Livestock and meat futures finished mixed on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange in
advance of two Agriculture Department reports.

The quarterly cattle-on-feed report showed a 6 percent decline in the number of
cattle being fattened for slaughter on feedlots on Oct. 1 compared with a year
ago. It was the largest third-quarter decline on record, and live cattle futures
prices were expected to react by rising as much as 1/2 cent a pound today.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              217 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                       May 22, 2003 Thursday CITY EDITION

BUSH SAYS EUROPE HINDERS AID EFFORTS
FAMINE, AIDS ARE NEGLECTED, PRESIDENT SAYS

BYLINE: RON HUTCHESON,Washington Bureau

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 475 words


NEW LONDON, Conn. -- President Bush took the offensive against America's
prickliest allies Wednesday, accusing European nations of hindering the fight
against famine and not doing enough to combat AIDS.

The tough talk, a week before Bush meets with European leaders in France for a
summit of the world's leading economic powers, signaled he isn't ready to soothe
hard feelings over his handling of the war in Iraq. Relations with France and
Germany are in a tailspin, and polls indicate that anti-American sentiment is
sweeping Europe.

Without mentioning any specific countries, Bush challenged European leaders to
follow his lead in spending more to fight AIDS in Africa. The House of
Representatives gave final approval Wednesday to Bush's $15 billion, five-year
plan for AIDS research and treatment in Africa and the Caribbean.

In a commencement speech at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy, Bush said he intended
to remind European leaders next week that "the clock is ticking" on AIDS and
urge them to "match their good intentions with real resources." The annual Group
of Eight summit of select industrialized democracies brings together leaders
from the United States, Canada, France, Germany, Britain, Italy, Russia and
Japan.

In Washington, one European Union official, who asked not to be identified
because he wasn't authorized to quarrel publicly with the U.S. president,
nonetheless expressed dismay.

"We've been involved in development in Africa for a long time, and I think we
are probably the major donor of all forms of aid to Africa," the E.U. official
said.

Bush used harsher language in criticizing European agriculture policies,
asserting that European opposition to genetically engineered crops could prolong
famine in Africa.

The European Union has banned the importation of genetically altered crops --
soybeans, corn and other plants that have been altered to thwart pests and
disease -- because of health and environmental concerns that Washington contends
are groundless.

U.S. agriculture companies have taken the lead in biotechnology, and the United
States filed papers last week asking the World Trade Organization to declare the
ban illegal. Advocates of genetic engineering say it can help end famine by
increasing crop yields, but many developing nations are reluctant to try it for
fear that they would be unable to export their agricultural products.

"We have the ability to confront this suffering. ... Yet our partners in Europe
are hindering this effort," Bush said. "European governments should join -- not
hinder -- the great cause of ending hunger in Africa."

He said Europe's concerns about genetically altered crops stemmed from
"unfounded, unscientific fears."

The E.U. official said European governments didn't counsel African nations about
importing genetically modified food.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               June 24, 2000, Saturday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Agriculture official says Florida is a disaster area

SOURCE: From wire reports

SECTION: CITY & STATE; AROUND THE STATE; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 142 words



Farmers in 59 of Florida's 67 counties, including every county in the Tampa Bay
area, are eligible for emergency, low-cost federal loans after agricultural
disaster areas were declared Friday in parts of four states by U.S. Agriculture
Secretary Dan Glickman.

Glickman announced the federal action in Florida, Alabama, Nebraska and New
Mexico.

In Florida, Glickman declared 41 counties agricultural disaster areas, then
listed 18 adjoining counties as equally eligible for benefits offered under the
federal disaster declaration program.

Farmers and ranchers have eight months to apply for the loans to help cover part
of their losses.

Included in the disaster areas were Citrus, Hernando, Hillsborough, Manatee and
Sarasota counties. Pinellas County was one of the 18 adjoining counties also
eligible for benefits.

- From wire reports


LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              219 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                          September 30, 1999, Thursday

EU MINISTERS ADOPT AGGRESSIVE APPROACH TO WORLD TRADE TALKS

SECTION: Pg. 28

LENGTH: 397 words


European Union Agriculture Ministers will go on the offensive to defend the
bloc's farm policy in the forthcoming round of global trade negotiations.

Finland, which holds the EU presidency, drew up a six-page document on the EU's
agriculture position to be passed on to EU Foreign Ministers when they meet on
October 11.

"The fact we have reached agreement with unanimity will be very important ahead
of Seattle," said European Farm Commissioner Mr Franz Fischler.

The next World Trade Organisation round, the Millennium Round, will begin in
Seattle in November.

The United States and the Cairns Group of farm exporters, which includes
Australia and New Zealand, have pledged to make agriculture a main focus and
attack the Common Agricultural Policy, which they view as a trade-distorting
anachronism.

EU Ministers have already mapped out a two-pronged strategy for the talks -
defending already agreed farm reforms and attacking what it perceives as
weaknesses in other countries' policies.

The EU has said it will hit back at US use of export credits and the existence
of commodity monopoly agencies, such as the Australian Wheat Board, among Cairns
Group members.

"The Council sees a need to take an offensive line within the forthcoming WTO
negotiations. It is imperative to introduce discipline on the use of export
credits," said the document drawn up by Finland.

It also said appropriate solutions must be found to other less transparent forms
of export support - including state trading and the provision of food aid.

US and Cairns Group criticism of the CAP is likely to centre on the EU's use of
export subsidies to compensate farmers for the difference between high internal
prices and lower world market levels, and its use of direct aid payments to
farmers.

The policy paper said it was essential the EU be allowed to continue its direct
aids, which were expanded under the recently-agreed Agenda 2000 reforms.

Any further reductions in its export subsidies would have to be matched by other
parties giving ground elsewhere.

Despite a public show of unity among EU Farm Ministers, some countries -
including Britain, Sweden and Denmark - are more disposed towards free trade and
wanted to keep the EU's negotiating stance as flexible as possible. France had
pressed for a more robust declaration to defend farm policies.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 1999 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              220 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           August 1, 1990, Wednesday

FOOD AID COST IS UNDER FIRE FEE-HANDLING SEEN AS ISSUE

BYLINE: ROSE A. HOROWITZ; Journal of Commerce Special

SECTION: MARITIME, Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 532 words


Critics of the system for shipping U.S. government-financed food aid cargoes
point outthat competing loyalties among the small community of agents and
brokers that represent recipient countries can drive up the cost of the program.

More money spent for ocean freight financing can mean less money for buying ood,
U.S. officials said.

Two years ago, the U.S. Department of Agriculture asked the U.S. attorney for
Washington, D.C., to investigate an alleged conflict of interest on the part of
Star Trading & Marine Inc., the biggest agent in the Food for Peace program.
That case, which is still under investigation, and other cases involving country
agents raise similar concerns, said David Dickson, director of the
investigations division at the USDA.

"The basic issue with this case and with several others over the years is, are
fees being mishandled? . . . and conflict of interest," he said in an interview.

Including three current cases, the USDA inspector general's office has conducted
about nine investigations concerning conflict of interest, commission payments
and other problems in the Food for Peace program since 1976, the office said.

One government official questioned why the USDA hadn't suspended or barred Star
Trading because of concerns about particular transactions, even though there
have been no criminal indictments yet.

"We were instructed by the IG (inspector general) to take no action until
(there's) a verdict," said Glenn Whiteman, deputy assistant administrator for
export credits at the USDA. He also said the USDA general counsel advised the
administrators that an agent in the program can't be barred without evidence of
guilt.

Country agents in the Food for Peace program often harbor competing loyalties.
Many agents in the program not only represent foreign countries and shipping
companies, but also may perform or help arrange discharging services, bagging
and stevedoring services.

They often collect money through a chain of services starting from the time a
ship leaves a U.S. port to its arrival and discharging of its food cargoes at a
foreign port, shipping executives and government officials said.

"When they arrange transportation, which hat are they wearing?" Mr. Dickson
asked.

Investigators also have examined commissions received by country agents that are
channeled back to an arm or agency of the foreign government, Mr. Dickson said.
The agents are appointed by a foreign country, subject to approval by the
Foreign Agricultural Service, an arm of the USDA.

"Is the 2.5 percent being used as a kickback?" M r. Dickson asked. The 2.5
percent figure is the maximum commission allowable under USDA regulations for
U.S.-flag ships.

On the Star Trading case, the Justice Department "asked for a number of
additional steps, which we're currently working on," said Mr. Dickson. "It's not
over by any means," said another key government official.

The criminal investigation of Star Trading grew from an earlier two-year study
by the USDA, following complaints from Star's competitors that the company had a
conflict of interest and should be suspended from acting as agent. Star has
denied the allegations.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: FOOD FOR PEACE? FOOD FOR PROFIT? United States of America.

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: GRAPHIC

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              221 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            August 18, 2015 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

BYLINE: Rick Nowlin

SECTION: HEALTH SCIENCE MEDICINE & TECHNOLOGY; HEALTH HAPPENINGS; Pg. D-2

LENGTH: 393 words


Seminars/lectures

* Oakmont Carnegie Library, 700 Allegheny River Blvd., is holding "Our Loved
Ones and Aging: The Need to Plan Ahead" at 6 p.m. Thursday. To register, call
412-828-9532.

* Monongahela Valley Hospital is sponsoring the following programs in its
Anthony M. Lombardi Education Conference Center unless otherwise indicated. To
register, call 724-258-1333.

- "Is Weight Loss Surgery Right for You?" 6 p.m. next Tuesday. Speaker: Hiram
Gonzalez.

- "Innovations in Medicine: Treating Knee Arthritis," 6 p.m. Aug. 26. Speaker:
Ari Pressman.

- "Talk With a Doc: Knee Pain Caused by Cartilage Injury," 7 p.m. Aug. 26, Mt.
Lebanon Public Library, 16 Castle Shannon Blvd. Speaker: Shaka Walker.

Classes/workshops

* Allegheny Valley Hospital is offering a Heartsaver First Aid CPR/AED program
on Saturday at its Destination Wellness health resource center, the Galleria at
Pittsburgh Mills, 590 Pittsburgh Mills Circle, Frazer. Part one runs from 9 a.m.
to noon and covers basic Heartsaver First Aid, with part two, addressing adult,
child and infant CPR, choking relief and automated external defibrillator AED
usage, running from 1 to 4 p.m. Cost: $35 per person for each part, $50 for
both. To register, call 724-274-5202.

* The Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture, Penn State Extension and
Pittsburgh Pro-Poultry People are sponsoring an Avian Influenza & Agriculture
Zoning Code Workshop from from 6 to 8 p.m. Aug. 27 at the Energy Innovation
Center of Penn State Center Pittsburgh, suite A, 1435 Bedford Ave., Hill
District. Speaker is Jennifer Johnson, domestic animal health inspector from the
Bureau of Animal Health and Diagnostic Services in the Region V office of the
state Department of Agriculture. Deadline is Aug. 26. Information: 412-482-3458.

Support groups

* Self Help Group Network, a service of PA 2-1-1 Southwest, provides a database
of support groups. Call 412-255-1155.

* The Chartiers Center, 437 Railroad St., Bridgeville, is holding a support
group meeting for caregivers with intellectual disabilities from noon to 1 p.m.
Aug. 26. The focus is on health concerns for those with intellectual
disabilities. Call 412-221-3302 ext. 124.

Blood drives

* To find a blood drive near you call:

- Central Blood Bank, 412-209-7000 or 1-800-310-9551.

- American Red Cross, 1-800-733-2767. For bloodmobile locations, check
http://www.redcrossblood.org.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              222 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            August 18, 2015 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

HEALTH HAPPENINGS

BYLINE: Rick Nowlin / Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: MAGAZINE; Pg. D-2

LENGTH: 395 words


Seminars/lectures

* Oakmont Carnegie Library, 700 Allegheny River Blvd., is holding "Our Loved
Ones and Aging: The Need to Plan Ahead" at 6 p.m. Thursday. To register, call
412-828-9532.

* Monongahela Valley Hospital is sponsoring the following programs in its
Anthony M. Lombardi Education Conference Center unless otherwise indicated. To
register, call 724-258-1333.

- "Is Weight Loss Surgery Right for You?" 6 p.m. next Tuesday. Speaker: Hiram
Gonzalez.

- "Innovations in Medicine: Treating Knee Arthritis," 6 p.m. Aug. 26. Speaker:
Ari Pressman.

- "Talk With a Doc: Knee Pain Caused by Cartilage Injury," 7 p.m. Aug. 26, Mt.
Lebanon Public Library, 16 Castle Shannon Blvd. Speaker: Shaka Walker.

Classes/workshops

* Allegheny Valley Hospital is offering a Heartsaver First Aid CPR/AED program
on Saturday at its Destination Wellness health resource center, the Galleria at
Pittsburgh Mills, 590 Pittsburgh Mills Circle, Frazer. Part one runs from 9 a.m.
to noon and covers basic Heartsaver First Aid, with part two, addressing adult,
child and infant CPR, choking relief and automated external defibrillator AED
usage, running from 1 to 4 p.m. Cost: $35 per person for each part, $50 for
both. To register, call 724-274-5202.

* The Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture, Penn State Extension and
Pittsburgh Pro-Poultry People are sponsoring an Avian Influenza & Agriculture
Zoning Code Workshop from from 6 to 8 p.m. Aug. 27 at the Energy Innovation
Center of Penn State Center Pittsburgh, suite A, 1435 Bedford Ave., Hill
District. Speaker is Jennifer Johnson, domestic animal health inspector from the
Bureau of Animal Health and Diagnostic Services in the Region V office of the
state Department of Agriculture. Deadline is Aug. 26. Information: 412-482-3458.

Support groups

* Self Help Group Network, a service of PA 2-1-1 Southwest, provides a database
of support groups. Call 412-255-1155.

* The Chartiers Center, 437 Railroad St., Bridgeville, is holding a support
group meeting for caregivers with intellectual disabilities from noon to 1 p.m.
Aug. 26. The focus is on health concerns for those with intellectual
disabilities. Call 412-221-3302 ext. 124.

Blood drives

* To find a blood drive near you call:

- Central Blood Bank, 412-209-7000 or 1-800-310-9551.

- American Red Cross, 1-800-733-2767. For bloodmobile locations, check
http://www.redcrossblood.org.

- Rick Nowlin

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              223 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      July 15, 1988, Friday, City Edition

Reagan urges speedy drought aid // President consoles farmers

SOURCE: New York Times; Washington Post

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 636 words

DATELINE: DAVENPORT, Iowa



DAVENPORT, Iowa - After touring corn and soybean fields stunted by    weeks of
searing heat, President Reagan urged Congress on Thursday to    swiftly pass
drought relief legislation.

     Reagan said any new bill should provide disaster relief to all    farmers
affected by the drought, including those who grow such crops as    soybeans,
fruit and vegetables that normally do not qualify for federal    subsidies.

     "I'm calling today for Congress to act quickly on comprehensive    drought
relief, disaster relief for all farmers, for all crops,"    Reagan said here at
a local Chamber of Commerce luncheon.

     The president also announced that he had directed Agriculture    Secretary
Richard Lyng to visit 10 parched states next week to look at      farms, rivers,
and forests.

     "From Montana to Texas, from California to Georgia and right here    in
Illinois, farms face the worst national disaster since the Dust Bowl    of the
1930s," Reagan said on Thursday in Du Quoin, Ill. before    traveling to
Davenport. "The heartland of America desperately needs    more rain. We can't
make it rain but we can help to ease the pain."

     This trip was important for Reagan not only for its political    signal to
Farm Belt voters, whose support will be critical to a    Republican victory in
the fall, but also for its personal significance    to him.

     Later, he returned to station WOC here and recalled how he was    hired to
broadcast college football games, at $ 5 a game plus bus fare    from his home
75 miles east in Dixon, Ill.        In a speech to a Chamber of Commerce group
here, Reagan noted that    WOC's motto was "Where the West Begins and the Corn
Grows Tall." But    he said had seen that the crops were not growing this year
and appealed    to Congress not to clutter a relief measure with unnecessary
amendments.

     Reagan traveled by helicopter from the Williamson County Airport in
Marion, Ill. to the Herman Krone farm in Du Quoin, about 100 miles    southeast
of St. Louis, and had an aerial view of crop damage as well    as a walk through
corn and soybean fields.

     "Having been born and raised in this part of the country, in the    state
of Illinois, I know how these fields would usually be at this    time of year,"
he said, standing in a field of stunted corn as the    2 mid-morning temperature
hovered near 100 degrees.

     The president made his remarks as the Senate panel gave its    tentative
approval to a $ 6-billion drought relief bill. The House    Agriculture
Committee tentatively passed a similar, $ 4-billion measure.

 Both panels planned to take another look at the legislation when    Congress
returns July 26.

     "This is a very significant safety net on which our farmers can    count at
this time," Richard Lugar of Indiana, the senior Republican    on the Senate
Agriculture Committee, said of his panel's bill. "On    average, farmers will
receive about 50 percent of the value that would    have been expected from
their crops."

     Lugar estimated that the Senate measure would cost $ 6.5-billion to    $
7-billion, but Senate Agriculture Committee aides said the cost could    run as
high as $ 8-billion.

     The House Agriculture Committee said its plan would cost about    $
2-billion less than the Senate version. Cost figures in both cases are    only
estimates because lawmakers do not have all the crop information    that must be
taken into account in working out the payment formulas.

 - Information from the Washington Post was used in this report.



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press; Farmer Herman Krone and his
son, Rick, show President Reagan stricken corn in their farm field

                            Times Publishing Company


                              224 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               June 21, 2000, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Clinton okays aid for farmers

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; IN BRIEF; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 529 words



President Clinton released a flood of money to farmers Tuesday, signing a $
15-billion package of cash payments and insurance subsidies that represents the
third big bailout of the agricultural economy in as many years.

The legislation ignored his administration's proposals to overhaul the
market-oriented farm program enacted by the Republican-controlled Congress in
1996.

The bill includes $ 8.2-billion to expand and cut the cost of federal crop
insurance over the next five years and $ 5.5-billion for payments to grain and
cotton growers this fall. An additional $ 1.6-billion is earmarked for other
farmers and lawmakers' special projects.

Largest state dinner

honors Moroccan King

Drum rolls and trumpet fanfare greeted King Mohammed VI of Morocco to the White
House on Tuesday. The king ended the day at the largest state dinner of the
Clinton administration.

Former Indianapolis 500 winner Bobby Rahal made the guest list of 425. Others
include: Rachel and Sharon Robinson, the widow and daughter of baseball great
Jackie Robinson; Washington Redskins owner Daniel Snyder; actor Ted Danson; sex
therapist and talk show host Ruth Westheimer; singer and dancer Paula Abdul;
actors Carol Alt and Teri Garr; and Alma Brown, the widow of former Commerce
Secretary Ron Brown.

The dinner ended with an orange sherbet dessert called "A Moroccan Oasis." The
sherbet was scooped from a circular band of white chocolate painted to resemble
a building with Moroccan architecture.

Also . . .

NO CUBA COMMISSION: The Senate on Tuesday thwarted an attempt by several
lawmakers to create a commission to re-evaluate U.S. policy toward Cuba with an
eye toward normalizing relations.

The commission proposal, an amendment to a defense authorization bill, was
rejected 59-41. Florida Sens. Bob Graham, D, and Connie Mack, R, both opposed
the 12-member commission.

 Mack and Graham were among many lawmakers who said that it was the wrong time
to create a commission with a presidential election looming on the horizon. The
commission's recommendations, they argued, could restrict the decisions of the
next president.

TOBACCO SUIT FUNDS RESTORED: Reversing a vote lawmakers took just one day
earlier, the House decided Tuesday not to block a significant source of funding
for the Justice Department's lawsuit against the tobacco industry. The House
accepted by voice vote an amendment to allow the Department of Veterans Affairs
to spend $ 4-million from general administration accounts.

MISSILE SHIELD TEST SET: The Pentagon set a July 7 target date for a $
100-million test of an anti-missile shield, while leaving open the possibility
that Defense Secretary William Cohen could recommend proceeding with deployment
of the controversial system by 2005 even if the July test fails.

MEDICARE PAYMENTS: President Clinton on Tuesday proposed increasing Medicare
payments to hospitals, nursing homes and other health care providers, as
evidence grew that cuts made in 1997 had harmed the quality of care around the
country. Clinton asked Congress to increase payments to providers by $
21-billion in the next five years and by $ 40-billion over 10 years.


LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              225 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 10, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

William Hess, 82, Microbiologist and Expert on African Swine Fever

BYLINE: By ERIC NAGOURNEY

SECTION: Section B; Page 12; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 360 words


William R. Hess, a microbiologist and a leading expert in African swine fever,
died on May 29 at the Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center in Lebanon, N.H. He was
82, and lived in Tuftonboro, N.H.

Dr. Hess spent his life researching how to prevent and control the kinds of
diseases that, if unleashed, can quickly ravage populations of domesticated
animals.

He was often abroad; but when he was not, he worked at the Animal Disease
Center, a top-security facility run by the United States Department of
Agriculture on Plum Island, off the North Fork of Long Island.

For years, recalled his son Brian, Dr. Hess would drive from his home in East
Marion, on the North Fork, to Orient Point, for the nearly two-mile commute by
boat to the island.

Plum Island is home to a collection of some of the most infectious animal
diseases in the world, and the Government goes to great lengths to insure that
they are not inadvertently carried to the mainland. Employees there work in
"negative pressure" laboratories designed to stop pathogens from escaping and
are required to disinfect themselves at the start and end of their work day.

Dr. Hess's speciality, African swine fever, is a rapidly spreading, usually
deadly disease found in pigs. Its presence has never been confirmed in North
America.

Dr. Hess worked on Plum Island from 1953 to 1988. In the mid-1980's he was part
of a team of scientists called upon to investigate a theory that the disease
might have a connection with AIDS. Some scientists said they had seen a
correlation between swine fever outbreaks and incidents of AIDS in Africa and
Haiti. But the theory was ruled out.

"We agreed that there was no connection between these two viruses," Dr. Hess
said in 1986.

Dr. Hess, who was born in St. Paul, received his doctorate from the University
of Minnesota. He traveled extensively in South America, Africa and Asia, and,
with his family, lived in Kenya for three years starting in 1960.

In addition to his son Brian, of New York, he is survived by his wife, Caroline;
another son, Robert, of Sag Harbor, N.Y.; two brothers, Lewis and Joseph, and
four grandchildren.



http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: William R. Hess

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              226 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 23, 1988, Thursday, Final Edition

Farm Drought Aid Plan Drafted;
Task Force, White House Agree on Package for Distressed Farmers

BYLINE: Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A21

LENGTH: 534 words


A bipartisan congressional task force and the administration agreed yesterday on
outlines of a plan to provide federal aid to farmers affected by the drought
that is spreading across the Farm Belt.

Most of the package entailed disaster assistance that Agriculture Secretary
Richard E. Lyng is authorized by law to provide. The plan stressed that the
government should protect farm and ranch incomes "in an efficient and equitable
manner" and that consumers should be assured of a continued adequate food
supply.

Rep. E (Kika) de la Garza (D-Tex.) and Sen. Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.), chairmen
of the House and Senate agriculture committees, indicated that the outline would
be amended to deal with drought problems as they develop.

Much of the wheat crop in Montana, North Dakota and Minnesota is in poor shape.
Crop and pasture damage extends from the northern Plains states through the
Midwest and parts of the South.

Lyng and the Agriculture Department's chief weatherman, Norton D. Strommen, gave
the task force little hope that the dry, searing weather would break soon.
Strommen said he could foresee little relief from the intense heat and dryness
parching the Midwest as the corn crop enters a crucial period.

"Corn will be approaching the critical stage in the early part of July. The next
two weeks will be critical, and on through July," he said. "There is a longer
window for soybeans. Soybeans can be planted after wheat is harvested, but they
need two inches of rain to establish themselves."

Lyng added, "This could be, if this weather continues, such a catastrophic thing
that rural communities could suffer severe [economic] damage."

Leahy, sharply criticizing food processors and retailers against using the
drought as a pretext to raise prices, warned that Congress would watch the
situation.

Leahy noted that in recent days both beef prices and pork prices have been
declining. "Food retailers need to be aware that we are watching," Leahy said.

Leahy said that food prices eventually will rise as the drought reduces farm
output. But he called it "selfish, unreasonable, dishonest, misleading" for food
merchants to seek "windfall profits" from the disaster.

Task force members, noting that livestock producers have been hit hardest and
earliest by the drought, urged Lyng to use his authority to provide
government-owned grain at reduced rates and to expand another cost-sharing feed
purchase program.

Lyng earlier took other steps to allow haying and grazing on land removed from
production to reduce surpluses or to enhance soil conservation.

Sen. Richard G. Lugar (R-Ind.) urged the secretary to use special care in
determining which farmers may eventually be designated for financial aid. "There
are certain sections of all of our states that have been favored with rain," he
said. "I hope we can fashion equitable income protection and not an overlay of
money for everybody."

Lyng said such steps were taken to compensate drought victims in 1986 in the
Southeast. He also gave assurances that any administration aid plan would
include "nonprogram" farmers, such as dry bean and vegetable growers, whose
crops receive no federal price support protection.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, HARRY KNAUFF WALKS IN CORNFIELD IN PEBBLES, OHIO, AS THE ALREADY
STUNTED CROP NEARS A CRUCIAL PERIOD IN EARLY JULY. UPI

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              227 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 29, 1991, Friday, Final Edition

H.M. Gabbert Dies at 85;
AID Official

SECTION: METRO; PAGE C7; OBITUARIES

LENGTH: 598 words


Howard Markland Gabbert, 85, a retired official of the Agency for International
Development, died of complications following stomach surgery at a hospital in
Tucson. A Washington resident from 1956 to 1989, he lived in Green Valley, Ariz.

Mr. Gabbert retired in 1969 as associate coordinator of the Food for Peace
program. He was with AID for eight years. Before that, he was director of the
State Department's food resources division and a private consultant in
California.

He began his career in 1931 as a soil scientist with the U.S. Department of
Agriculture in California and Oregon. He continued that work with the State
Department, for which he worked until 1954 on development projects in Paraguay
and El Salvador and as director of U.S. operations in Costa Rica.

He then worked as a private consultant until joining the Foreign Operations
Administration, a predecessor to AID. He joined the latter agency when it was
organized in 1961.

Mr. Gabbert was a native of Ventura, Calif., and a graduate of Stanford
University. As a young man, he was the leader of a jazz orchestra that toured on
the cruise ships of the old Dollar Steamship lines in the Far East.

His first wife, Marjorie Gosnell Gabbert, died in 1988.

He is survived by his wife, Marie Hampton Gabbert of Green Valley; three sons
from his first marriage, Howard M. Gabbert II of Tucson, James J. Gabbert of San
Francisco and J. Stephen Gabbert of Alexandria; and six grandchildren.

SID L. SCHWARTZ

Filmmaker

Sid L. Schwartz, 79, a retired filmmaker with the Department of Agriculture, the
Atomic Energy Commission and the Department of Energy, died of a heart attack
Nov. 18 at the Ramses Hilton Hotel in Cairo. A resident of Silver Spring, he was
on vacation when he was stricken.

Mr. Schwartz was born in New York City. He attended St. John's College. He was a
publicist and broadcaster in New York until World War II, when he served in the
Army Air Forces as a photographer and filmmaker.

After the war, he worked for an Air Force filmmaking unit in New York. In 1949,
he joined the Department of Agriculture and moved to the Washington area. He was
a scriptwriter and director at Agriculture until 1965, when he transferred to
the Atomic Energy Commission as deputy chief of the audiovisual branch.

After the commission was abolished in 1974, he worked for the Energy Research
and Development Administration and then the Department of Energy. He retired in
1979.

Mr. Schwartz was a member of Temple Israel in Silver Spring, the Anti-Defamation
League of B'nai B'rith and the American Israel Public Affairs Committee.

Survivors include his wife of 55 years, Sylvia Schwartz of Silver Spring; a
daughter, Ellen C. Schwartz of Ann Arbor, Mich.; a brother, Noel Schwartz of
Nesconset, N.Y.; and two grandchildren.

BRIDGET MARY JONES CASEY

Hairstylist

Bridget Mary Jones Casey, 93, a retired hairstylist and a member of the parish
of St. Ann's Catholic Church in Washington, died of heart and lung ailments Nov.
8 at the Sacred Heart Home in Hyattsville.

Mrs. Casey was born in County Tipperary, Ireland. She came to the United States
in 1923 and settled in Washington.

She joined the staff of Emile's Beauty Salon in Washington when she arrived. She
became the chief hairstylist, and she was known professionally as "Miss
Beatrice." Her clients included Evelyn Walsh McLean, owner of the Hope Diamond.
She retired in 1977.

Her husband, Raymond Paul Casey, whom she married in 1929, died in 1957.

Survivors include a daughter, Noreen Casey Emerson of Bethesda; and 11
grandchildren.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: OBITUARY

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              228 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               July 16, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

SENATORS SAY ADMINISTRATION DEEPENS CRISIS IN AGRICULTURE

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 23, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 375 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 15


Farm-state senators from both parties said today that the Reagan Administration
was sending American agriculture into a deeper economic depression by failing to
activate provisions in the new farm law designed to increase agricultural
exports.

''This committee passed a bill out of here last year that was keyed to
increasing our exports,'' said Senator Mark Andrews, Republican of North Dakota.
''Unfortunately, this has not happened yet, and we want to know why. Without
those exports, this law is not going to work.''

The criticism indicated the growing uneasiness on Capitol Hill over the gloomy
prospects for reducing the nation's huge grain surplus, which depresses prices.
The comments came at a hearing of a Senate agriculture subcommittee on
international food aid programs and world hunger.

Daniel G. Amstutz, Under Secretary of Agriculture for International Affairs and
Commodity Programs, one of four Administration trade officials who testified,
said putting the new export trade provisions into place was far more complex
than simply shipping food to hungry nations.

The Administration, he said, seeks to use food exports as an economic stimulus
in developing countries. The farm law, he said, allows developing nations to
sell part of the food aid in their own currencies, with the proceeds used to
improve food production and distribution.

Export Subsidies in Law

Mr. Amstutz said such policies were preferred by many developing nations over
direct grants of food. ''These countries are afraid of the problems sudden
supplies of food aid can have on their own economies,'' he said.

The farm program that became law last year contained the most aggressive
strategy for increasing grain exports in United States history. The law sharply
lowered the prices the Government guarantees for wheat, corn, soybeans, rice,
cotton and other crops in order to make American grain more competitive in
international markets.

The law also provided the Department of Agriculture and the State Department
with financing plans and subsidies to develop new markets in developing
countries and to persuade cash customers like Japan to buy more American food.

But in May the nation had its first monthly deficit in farm trade in 15 years.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              229 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Easley Progress (South Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

Farmers urged to apply for grants

BYLINE: The Easley Progress, S.C.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 478 words


July 27--PICKENS COUNTY -- Farmers in Cherokee, Pickens and Oconee counties can
apply for South Carolina Farm Aid grants through Sept. 6 to help offset losses
due to the October 2015 flooding.

On July 20, the federal Farm Service Agency informed the S.C. Department of
Agriculture that the three counties qualify along with the previously announced
42 counties.

"When we heard this news, we immediately went to work to make farmers in these
counties aware of their eligibility," said Hugh Weathers, S.C. Department of
Agriculture. "Our goal is to help as many farmers as possible recover from the
devastation we saw in October."

The application and more information is available at http://agriculture
.sc.gov/SC-farm-aid/.

"Agriculture is very important to Pickens County. During last October's
excessive rain and flood events, the farmers of South Carolina experienced one
of the worst disasters seen in their industry," said Rep. David Hiott, chairman
of the S.C. House of Representatives Agriculture, Natural Resources &
Environmental Affairs Committee. "However, because of the SC Farm Aid program,
qualified farmers will have an opportunity to seek relief, and I highly
encourage farmers from Pickens and Oconee Counties to submit an application to
help recover uninsured crop losses."

The S.C. General Assembly approved $40 million in state aid to help farms in
flood-ravaged communities. Farmers can receive grants covering 20 percent of
their crop loss up to $100,000.

"While this won't make our farmers whole, we hope through this relief funding,
they can begin to recover," Weathers said.

To be eligible for the grant, farmers must have experienced a verifiable loss of
affected agricultural commodities of at least 40 percent as a result of the
October 2015 flooding; have a farm located in a USDA disaster declared South
Carolina county; and have a U.S. Department of Agriculture-Farm Service Agency
issued farm number.

Applicants will also be required to sign an affidavit, under penalty of perjury,
certifying that loss information is accurate.

Producers who have already submitted an application, but have additional farms
in Cherokee, Pickens, or Oconee counties, should contact SCDA.

To help farmers apply for assistance, the Clemson University Cooperative
Extension Service and SCDA will conduct regional educational workshops in
Cherokee, Pickens and Oconee counties. For workshop details and registration
information, visit agriculture.sc.gov/sc-farm-aid/educational-sessions/.

For complete application instructions and to access the application PDF form,
visit agriculture.sc.gov/SC-farm-aid/.

For more information about Farm Aid or to be put in contact with Farm Aid staff,
call Megan Heidkamp with SCDA at 803-734-2210.

___ (c)2016 The Easley Progress, S.C. Visit The Easley Progress, S.C. at
www.theeasleyprogress.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160727-1EA-Farmers-urged-to-apply-for-grants-0727-20160727

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1EA


                       Copyright 2016 The Easley Progress


                              230 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 24, 2003 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

U.N. Official Plans to Urge U.S. to Reconsider Its Food Policies

BYLINE:  By ELIZABETH BECKER

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Foreign Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 468 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 23


Jacques Diouf, the director of the United Nations Food and Agriculture
Organization, dedicated to helping solve the world's hunger problems, knows he
has a hard sell on Capitol Hill.

Mr. Diouf is here on a visit from his Rome headquarters, trying to keep alive
the issues that stalled trade talks in Cancun, Mexico, last week. Like many at
the talks, he wants Congress and the administration to reconsider the nation's
annual $22 billion in farm subsidies, which make it hard for farmers in poorer
countries to compete.

But he also wants to make a separate, difficult point: that the United States'
generosity with food aid sometimes undermines countries' abilities to feed
themselves.

The United States provides 41 percent of the food aid distributed by the United
Nations. But in an interview at his agency's Washington offices, Mr. Diouf said
hunger could be better fought if money were spent to help poor farmers dig wells
and canals for irrigation and lay better roads to bring crops to market.

"Giving money to farmers before a crisis is better than giving food after the
crisis hits," he said.

In the last 15 years, as rich countries increased their subsidies to their
farmers and slashed aid to the world's poorest farmers, poor countries have gone
from net exporters of food to net importers. With 70 percent of poor countries'
populations dependent on agriculture for their livelihoods, the change has
helped fuel a rise in malnutrition. In places like sub-Saharan Africa, one out
of three people suffer chronic hunger.

Mr. Diouf will meet with officials including Senator Richard G. Lugar,
Republican of Indiana, chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee; Andrew S.
Natsios, administrator of the United States Agency for International
Development; and Ann M. Veneman, secretary of agriculture.

But there is no immediate legislation before Congress, and both Republican and
Democratic politicians are publicly rejecting much of the criticism leveled at
the United States by the developing nations at Cancun. With the 2004 election on
their minds, many lawmakers said they were disinclined to question the
subsidies.

Mr. Diouf, an agricultural economist, said he would remind the lawmakers of the
cold war era, when presidents like Ronald Reagan spent as much as $1.3 billion
every year to help farmers around the world. Today, the United States gives some
$400 million to that effort.

But the resistance to his various messages may be high. At a Congressional
hearing today, Senator Max Baucus, Democrat of Montana, said he saw a bigger
problem in tariffs imposed on imports by some poor countries, which make the
exports of other poor countries less affordable.

"The vast bulk of market access barriers faced by farmers in developing
countries are imposed by other developing countries," he said.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              231 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           October 20, 1994, Thursday

Around the South Delta pinning hopes on massive U.S. aid Area along Mississippi
is nation's poorest

BYLINE: By Jim Yardley STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 668 words


Lake Providence, La. - Hope is a fragile brick to build on here. The blighted
stretch of boarded-up stores and shattered windows comes to a dead end at the
Mississippi River. The few open shops - a bakery, a discount store - survive
like dandelions sprouting from a cracked sidewalk.

This town - where seven of 10 children grow up poor, where grandmothers leave at
daybreak to dig potatoes for minimum wage - is the archetype of intractable
rural poverty. The Census Bureau ranks it one of the poorest spots in America.

Yet these days, that may be good news. "If they're looking for people in
poverty," said retiree Carl Bonner, "they can't overlook us."

"They" are the U.S. Department of Agriculture, which as early as Nov. 8 will
designate three communities as "rural empowerment zones." The three winners will
each bask in $ 40 million of federal aid and benefit from tax breaks targeted to
attract new industry.

Thirty other applicants will receive "enterprise community" status, which brings
just under $ 3 million each in benefits. The application process, emphasizing
local initiative and control, has drawn comparisons with foreign aid programs
for Third World countries.

"It's geared to the regions of the country that have been and currently are
economically disadvantaged," said Jim Brownlee of USDA.

Nationally, of the 221 communities or agencies that applied for the grants,
nearly two-thirds (143) are from the South, including the Alabama Black Belt,
South Georgia's lower Chattahoochee region and eastern Kentucky's hardscrabble
Appalachian counties.

"The bottom line is jobs and business development," said USDA Undersecretary Bob
Nash. "[Rural America] has been off the radar screen, out of sight and out of
mind. The television crews don't go there unless somebody kills somebody or
there's a catastrophe."

Perched on the western edge of the Mississippi Delta, Lake Providence is in the
heart of the poorest region in the country. Louisiana recently surpassed
Mississippi as the poorest state in the nation with more than 26 percent of all
families living below the poverty line. The rate in East Carroll Parish, which
includes Lake Providence, is nearly twice the state average.

The city's application is in conjunction with nearby Eudora, Ark., and
Greenville, Miss., which, not coincidentally, are the home states of President
Clinton and USDA Secretary Mike Espy, who will select the winners before
resigning in December. Locals hope some "home cooking" will help their cause.

Politics aside, Robbie Gibson said the application process has helped restore a
measure of hope in Lake Providence. Gibson, the city's coordinator for the
proposal, said "quality of life leaders" went door-to- door asking residents
about problems and solutions. To energize the effort, organizers will sponsor a
"Rally Against Poverty" tonight in Greenville and a Saturday march culminating
in Lake Providence.

If chosen, organizers plan to pump resources into education, health care,
housing, transportation and business development. Two outside manufacturing
companies, anticipating tax breaks, are considering building plants in East
Carroll. Money also would go to widening La. 65 to four lanes and building a
bridge over the Mississippi River.

Many residents support the grant application, but they blame the government for
lingering problems, particularly a welfare system they say discourages marriage
and work. "We've got to develop a new work ethic and show there's a better way
of life than drawing a welfare check," said Bonner, who believes new industry is
the answer.

Jeralene Evans, 53, earns $ 4.25 an hour bagging potatoes in Arkansas, not
including the $ 5 she pays for her round-trip ride. The seasonal work swells the
arthritis in her knees, but without it she could not survive on her $ 112
monthly food stamp allotment. She hopes Lake Providence catches a break.

"We work to keep the lights on," she said. "There's no economy or nothing here.
This town is dead."

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942950286

GRAPHIC: Photo: Lake Providence, La. boarded up old cotton gin. / MICHAEL DUNLAP
/ Special

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              232 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 19, 1987 Friday

Nelson plans Farm Aid concert

BYLINE: GREG McCUNE; REUT

LENGTH: 517 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


BY  GREG McCUNE
 Reuter
  WASHINGTON
 WILLIE NELSON , wearing customary faded jeans, sneakers, and hair in a
ponytail, told Congress yesterday he plans another Farm Aid concert this
fall to raise money for farmers because the situation in rural America is
still deplorable.

Appearing with rock star John Cougar Mellencamp at a Senate Agriculture
subcommittee hearing, Nelson said farmers tell him the rural crisis is
deepening and politicians should do something about it.

Nelson, who raised $8-million (U.S.) for farmers at two previous Farm
Aid concerts, said he hopes to hold a third Sept. 19 in Lincoln, Neb.

'We've still got a crisis on our hands. We're still losing hundreds of  family
farms a day. Rural businesses are closing. Schools and hospitals in  rural areas
are shutting down. A record number of agricultural banks are  in financial
trouble,' the entertainer said.

But the two musicians' claim that the farm situation is worsening runs
counter to new government forecasts which predict net farm income will
rise slightly this year, thanks mostly to massive government subsidies,
and agricultural exports are starting to recover after a five-year slump.

To the contrary, Nelson said the rural crisis centres, telephone
hotlines and other social services funded in 40 states by the proceeds
from Farm Aid are still flooded with appeals for help.

But Nelson and Mellencamp, who in the past have been accused of siding
with farm populists such as Iowa Democratic Senator Tom Harkin against the
Reagan administration, tried yesterday to stay out of the heated partisan
political battle over the direction of U.S. farm policy.

'I'm not here to get behind any one farm proposal,' Nelson told the  hearing.

But politicians knew a good photo opportunity when they saw it.
Senators Harkin and John Melcher, a Montana Democrat, unabashedly posed,
smiling with Nelson and Mellencamp for television cameras.

And the Democratic senators endorsed Nelson's call for a 'fair price'
for farmers.

Not to be outdone, Republican Senator Rudy Boschwitz of Minnesota tried
a little free market economics on Nelson.

'The marketplace in your industry, music, has been good to you,' he  told the
highly successful Nelson. 'And I think the marketplace will work  in agriculture
.'     Nelson and Mellencamp said they don't claim to be politicians, but have
seen evidence of the deterioration in rural America.

'The country used to be the place to go if you wanted to live a quiet,  stable
life. Today, that stability is gone for many rural Americans. It  has been
replaced by fear and heartbreak,' Nelson said.

Mellencamp, who is living this summer in South Carolina, added that in
the south the condition of black farmers is deplorable.

'It's shocking. It's this nation's embarrassment. These black farmers  don't
have a chance,' he told the hearing.

Mellencamp said some people turn to him for help because they are
desperate to save failing farms.

'I've got people calling me up wanting me to loan them money,'  Mellencamp said.

'It's like . . . what is this? You (the senators) are supposed to be  the
experts.'

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

Farm Aid T-shirt highlights Carolina cotton

BYLINE: Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 377 words


Sept. 05--RALEIGH -- Showcasing the need to find more sustainable, soil-friendly
cotton sources, Farm Aid has announced a partnership with Cotton of the
Carolinas to bring concertgoers a special edition organic Farm Aid T-shirt that
is grown, made and sold in the Carolinas.

Farm Aid brings attention to the challenges farmers face in bringing us good
food and fiber.

Farm Aid 2014, which takes place at Walnut Creek Amphitheatre on Sept. 13, will
feature performances by Farm Aid President and Founder Willie Nelson and board
members John Mellencamp, Neil Young and Dave Matthews with Tim Reynolds, as well
as Jack White, Gary Clark Jr., Jamey Johnson, Preservation Hall Jazz Band, North
Carolina's own Delta Rae, Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real, Carlene Carter,
Todd Snider, Insects vs. Robots, Raelyn Nelson Band and Jesse Lenat.

By tracing and telling the story of the entire supply chain, Farm Aid seeks
transparency from farm to table and from dirt to shirt. To learn more about the
process and pre-order a shirt, visit: www.farmaid.org/NCShirt.

Farm Aid also is working to highlight stories of family farmers as they seek to
produce the best product while protecting natural resources. The creation of
this shirt supports more than 500 jobs in a little less than 750 miles. In
addition to the special edition T-shirt, Farm Aid highlights other stories
through demonstrations and products at the HOMEGROWN Village and HOMEGROWN
Concessions®.

Farm Aid's mission is to build a vibrant, family farm-centered system of
agriculture in America. Farm Aid artists and board members Willie Nelson, Neil
Young, John Mellencamp and Dave Matthews host an annual concert to raise funds
to support Farm Aid's work with family farmers and to inspire people to choose
family farm food.

Since 1985, Farm Aid, with the support of the artists who contribute their
performances each year, has raised more than $45 million to support programs
that help farmers thrive, expand the reach of the Good Food Movement, take
action to change the dominant system of industrial agriculture and promote food
from family farms.

___ (c)2014 the Bladen Journal (Elizabethtown, N.C.) Visit the Bladen Journal
(Elizabethtown, N.C.) at www.bladenjournal.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140905-1BL-Farm-Aid-T-shirt-highlights-Carolina-cotton-0905-20140905

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BL


               Copyright 2014 Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.


                              234 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 17, 1992, Thursday

COBB AT WORK Name: Laura Mauldin

BYLINE: Dana Dratchprofiles; personalities; food; aid

SECTION: EXTRA; Section G; Page 9

LENGTH: 293 words


Age: 65

Home: Marietta:

Occupation: Case manager and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) food
coordinator for the Cobb County Emergency Aid Association Inc.

Nature of the job: "I coordinate food drives and go to the food bank to buy
food. I also do case management - working one-on-one with families, trying to
prevent homelessness."

Background: A former Sunday school teacher and regional distribution manager for
Scott Graphics, she was unemployed after her company relocated to Texas six
years ago. So she answered a newspaper ad to volunteer to work in a program that
became the first Cobb County USDA food distribution. Later, when the food
coordinator was leaving, she got the job. "The corporate world works totally
differently from the non- profit world. The pay is about a third or less. And
this job a lot more emotional."

Worst part of the job: "The restrictions. We can only operate within the
guidelines, which I respect. But with the limitations that we have with money
and resources, we depend on the community for support. We have been cut again by
Cobb County - that's going to hurt. Any time we lose resources, it cuts what we
can do for our clients."

Best part of the job: "Seeing the light come back into a person's face when the
hope comes back. To see a family become self-sufficient. And the excitement on a
child's face when they get a box of Cheerios, and you know they've been looking
for those Cheerios for a long time. I love this job and all facets of it. It's
like everything I've done all my life has brought me to this job."

Quote: "One of the neatest things about this line of work is the people you get
to know. People involved with meeting the needs of people are sensitive and are
great to work with."

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922660288

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Cobb Emergency Aid Association volunteers, including (from
left) food coordinator Laura Mauldin, Stephanie Johnson and Emily Myers, prepare
a food package for a needy family./ JOE McTYRE / Staff

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              235 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 12, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

REAGAN TO OFFER AID FOR FARMERS

BYLINE: By GERALD M. BOYD, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 855 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 11


On a trip to Illinois Tuesday to garner farm state support for Republican
candidates, President Reagan will announce plans to increase fees paid to
farmers for storing surplus grain, Administration sources said today.

The measure, increasing the fees by almost 20 percent, would raise the incomes
of thousands of farmers in the Middle West and elsewhere who are anticipating
near record harvests of wheat, corn and other grains.

It would add from $200 million to $300 million to the costs of the Federal farm
program, which is anticipated to exceed $30 billion this fiscal year, according
to an estimate by the House Agriculture Committee. It was unclear immediately if
new Federal funds would be provided or if the money would come from existing
programs.

In addition, Mr. Reagan will announce that he is instructing the Agriculture
Department to provide adequate and immediate assistance to farmers in 10
Southern and Middle Atlantic states hard pressed by drought.

The Administration, under Congressional pressure, announced relief measures Aug.
1 that provide farmers with cash and other assistance. But Democrats in Congress
criticized the package because much of the aid was to go to regions not stricken
by drought.

The measures are the latest attempts by the Reagan Administration to ease
political and other concerns about the depression in American agriculture.

White House political officials acknowledge that they are concerned about
election prospects in the farm states, which they have said are crucial to
Republican hopes for maintaining control of the Senate. Mr. Reagan plans to make
at least 14 trips on behalf of Republican hopefuls from now to November,
including several to farm areas.

Senator James Abdnor, Republican of South Dakota, informed tonight of Mr.
Reagan's expected announcement, said it was ''clearly a step in the right
direction, but it is not going to solve the biggest problem we have, and that is
finding some space for all of the crops that we're harvesting.''

Asked if the announcement would help Republicans in farm states, Mr. Abdnor, who
is in a tight re-election campaign against Representative Thomas A. Daschle,
said: ''It certainly shows someone is being sympathetic. But I don't think it's
enough to win an election.''

Speech at State Fair

The initiatives are contained in a speech that Mr. Reagan will deliver Tuesday
at the Illinois State Fair in Springfield on a visit to raise money for Gov.
James R. Thompson, a Republican who is running for re-election.

Two weeks ago, Mr. Reagan authorized the sale of subsidized wheat to the Soviet
Union under a proposal in which American grain traders could receive subsidies
totaling $52 million. The program was designed to increase American wheat
exports and to help alleviate surplus conditions that have kept wheat prices
low.

Economists say a principal reason for the farm crisis has been plummeting
exports. The Administration's farm law, signed last December, was designed to
reverse the slide in export sales, but has had little effect.

Meanwhile, farmers have harvested a huge wheat crop, and are about to harvest a
near-record corn crop, which will be piled into grain elevators and other
storage areas where most of last year's crop remains.

The latest program would also involve an effort to address the grain surplus
problem, but would take a different tack. Many of Mr. Reagan's senior aides,
including Secretary of State George P. Shultz and Secretary of Defense Caspar W.
Weinberger, criticized the decision to subsidize the Soviet wheat sale, which
also drew an outcry from some American allies like Canada and Australia.

Mr. Reagan's new proposal, which had been advocated by legislators from farm
states, would try to reduce the financial burden for farmers who must store
large grain surpluses.

Currently, the Federal Government pays 26.5 cents for every bushel of grain
stored on farms. Mr. Reagan's new proposal would raise the storage fee to 31
cents a bushel, Administration officials said.

The Agriculture Department has estimated that the cost of storing more than 2
billion bushels of wheat and 5 billion bushels of corn, along with millions of
bushels of other commodities, could total $1.5 billion this year. The increase
in Government fees could raise storage costs substantially above that level.

Mr. Reagan has also been considering other relief proposals, including one
measure that provides grain farmers with income support payments months in
advance for crops to be harvested in late 1987.

Other Grain Sales Considered

In addition, Mr. Reagan has been considering directing the Agriculture
Department to pursue more aggressively the sale of grain overseas by making use
of several export-enhancing provisions of the 1985 Farm Act.

White House officials said that Mr. Reagan's assurances to provide drought
assistance do not reflect a new initiative, but underscore his concern and his
willingness to provide whatever Federal aid is needed.

''He will say that we will make every effort to try to speed up and better
coordinate what we are doing,'' one official said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              236 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           January 20, 2007 Saturday

County added to state list for freeze aid

BYLINE: Truong Phuoc Khánh, Mercury News

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 300 words


Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger on Friday added Santa Clara to the list of counties
declared to be in a ``state of emergency'' because of this week's sub-freezing
weather.

The proclamation allows the state, on behalf of farmers with crop damage, to
request expedited assistance for federal aid from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture and the Small Business Administration.

The governor had earlier declared a state of emergency in 10 counties: Fresno,
Kern, Kings, Madera, Merced, Monterey, San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, Tulare
and Ventura. On Friday, Imperial, San Bernardino, San Diego, Santa Clara,
Riverside and Yuba were added, bringing the list to 16.

Santa Clara County agriculture commissioners had sent the governor's office
information to document the extent of crop damage, but said they did not yet
have a dollar amount.

``We are gathering the reports of damage as they come in,'' said Kevin O'Day,
deputy agriculture commissioner for the county. ``What is difficult at this time
is much of the damage is not visible or apparent.''

Freeze damage to row crops like lettuce and broccoli, O'Day said, won't appear
for a couple of more weeks. An Arctic mass of cold air brought four consecutive
days of record low temperatures to the Bay Area earlier this week. Among the
state's record lows: 17 degrees in King City on Jan. 13; 27 degrees at Moffett
Field in Mountain View on Monday morning; and 25 degrees below zero Sunday
morning at Bodie State Park, northeast of Yosemite.

The state estimates that farmers will sustain more than $1 billion in damage to
crops. However, the freeze may benefit others: Deciduous trees, like cherry and
apricot, O'Day said, need ``chilling hours'' below 45 degrees in order to bloom
in the spring.

Contact Truong Phuoc Khánh at tkhanh@mercurynews.com or (650) 688-7505.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           January 20, 2007 Saturday

County added to state list for freeze aid

BYLINE: Truong Phuoc Khánh, Mercury News

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 300 words


Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger on Friday added Santa Clara to the list of counties
declared to be in a ``state of emergency'' because of this week's sub-freezing
weather.

The proclamation allows the state, on behalf of farmers with crop damage, to
request expedited assistance for federal aid from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture and the Small Business Administration.

The governor had earlier declared a state of emergency in 10 counties: Fresno,
Kern, Kings, Madera, Merced, Monterey, San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, Tulare
and Ventura. On Friday, Imperial, San Bernardino, San Diego, Santa Clara,
Riverside and Yuba were added, bringing the list to 16.

Santa Clara County agriculture commissioners had sent the governor's office
information to document the extent of crop damage, but said they did not yet
have a dollar amount.

``We are gathering the reports of damage as they come in,'' said Kevin O'Day,
deputy agriculture commissioner for the county. ``What is difficult at this time
is much of the damage is not visible or apparent.''

Freeze damage to row crops like lettuce and broccoli, O'Day said, won't appear
for a couple of more weeks. An Arctic mass of cold air brought four consecutive
days of record low temperatures to the Bay Area earlier this week. Among the
state's record lows: 17 degrees in King City on Jan. 13; 27 degrees at Moffett
Field in Mountain View on Monday morning; and 25 degrees below zero Sunday
morning at Bodie State Park, northeast of Yosemite.

The state estimates that farmers will sustain more than $1 billion in damage to
crops. However, the freeze may benefit others: Deciduous trees, like cherry and
apricot, O'Day said, need ``chilling hours'' below 45 degrees in order to bloom
in the spring.

Contact Truong Phuoc Khánh at tkhanh@mercurynews.com or (650) 688-7505.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 4, 1993, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Gephardt shifts on campaign reform

BYLINE: Leslie Phillips; Marilyn Greene

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 652 words


House Majority Leader Richard Gephardt appears to be softening his position on a
key, but volatile, element of Democratic campaign finance reform: the public
financing of congressional campaigns.

Gephardt, D-Mo., said in an interview that public funding was never the central
issue of reform, unlike reducing spending limits and political action committee
contributions. Public financing is the best inducement to bring adherence to
voluntary spending limits, Gephardt said, but "there are other ways" to
encourage compliance.

Reduced rates for mailing and TV advertising were "the main inducements to get
the limits accepted," he said.

The idea of public financing has House and Senate members balking. When
President Clinton is calling for shared sacrifice, no one wants to inform the
public it must also pay for campaigns. "The case has never been well made to the
public," said Rep. Al Swift, D-Wash., a key player in campaign reform. "What's
in it for them?" _ Leslie Phillips

RUSSIAN AID: Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., who has a tighter grip on the nation's
aid purse strings than almost any other lawmaker, today will warn Senate
colleagues that the U.S. faces a return to the Cold War unless it beefs up
assistance to Russia. "I think it's certainly the most crucial area in the use
of foreign aid," Leahy says. "And
when you consider the stakes, it's the most neglected."    Clinton

has proposed increasing current U.S. aid to Russia from $ 410 million
to $ 700 million.    The current aid program for Russia "has not been

a success," says Leahy, who heads both the Senate Agriculture Committee _ which
dispenses agricultural credits, and the Appropriations subcommittee on foreign
operations, which administers
foreign aid.    Russia is in default $ 415 million to the United

States, which co-signed for $ 4 billion in loans. The United States could, Leahy
says, "end up paying far more aid than we ever agreed
to; and we end up with a destabilized country."    He wants the

United States to redistribute and possibly reduce its $ 15 billion aid budget,
focusing more on Russia and less on traditional big recipients _ including
Israel and Egypt. His plan may fall on deaf ears, says Leahy, but not for long:
"You may be able to push through one more foreign aid bill on the basis of
inertia. But you won't get through more than that." _ Marilyn Greene

HEALTH-CARE BILLS: Liberal lawmakers introduced a bill to scrap private health
insurance and have the government pay all medical bills, a system like Canada's
that President Clinton's health task force reportedly has rejected. The plan
wouldn't touch veterans benefits and the Indian Health Service. It would be
financed by higher payroll taxes and income taxes.

Also, three members of Congress said they'll introduce a bill to raise the
24-cent federal tax on cigarettes to $ 1 a pack and use the money for health
care.

And Hillary Rodham Clinton, who heads her husband's health reform task force,
said in Little Rock that it's too early to outline what Clinton will propose by
his self-imposed May deadline.

She added, "The problem is so complex with so many different facets to it that I
can understand why other people have looked at it and thrown up their hands in
despair and walked away from it."

BRIEFLY: The Senate approved a $ 5.7 billion bill to extend unemployment
benefits to the long-term jobless, adding a freeze on congressional pay. The
House, which passed a bill without the pay freeze, will take up the measure
today. . . . The House voted to soften Hatch Act restrictions on political
activities of nearly 3 million federal workers. Under the bill, federal workers
could participate in campaigns and run for local offices in off-duty hours. A
Senate filibuster is expected over the proposed legislation.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, AP

WASHINGTON AND THE WORLD; WASHINGTON; A QUICK LOOK AT WHAT'S GOING ON IN THE
NATION'S CAPITAL

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              239 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star News (Wilmington, NC)

                          September 14, 2006 Thursday

Damage figures not high enough for federal aid, officials report

BYLINE: Mark Schreiner

SECTION: LOCAL/STATE; Pg. 1b

LENGTH: 517 words


Raleigh | Tropical Storm Ernesto's bill is running about $80 million and is
expected to grow.

But the combined value of damage to homes, businesses, farms and governments
doesn't approach the thresholds that would trigger federal aid for the affected
region, state and local officials said.

Preliminary figures pegged damage from the late August storm to homes at $2.2
million and business losses at $1.3 million. Only Duplin County, where damage to
homes exceeds $315,000, appears to be potentially eligible for federal loans.

Initial reports put Ernesto's cost to the local and county governments at
$565,000. It's unlikely the figure will rise to more than $9 million, which is
what's needed to bring in federal aid to city halls and county government
buildings.

On Wednesday, state agricultural officials raised their estimate of farm damage
from Ernesto to $76 million from $58 million. It appeared that while extensive,
the damage is likely not severe enough to bring emergency aid from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

Figures so far are incomplete, said Bryan Beatty, head of the state's public
safety department.

"Until this week, the water was still too high, in some places, to do the
assessments," Beatty said. "But still, it appears we will be under the
threshold."

There is no complete estimate yet on what Ernesto cost the state government. On
Wednesday, the N.C. Department of Transportation said it was still compiling
what it will cost to repair the damage floodwaters did to roads and bridges.

Once figures are complete, Gov. Mike Easley will have decisions to make. If
damage doesn't reach federal thresholds, he may declare a state disaster in the
affected counties. If that happens, the state government will pay 75 percent of
repair and reimbursement costs. The money would likely come from the state
government's contingency account, known commonly as the "Rainy Day Fund."

Eligible residents could apply for aid at recovery centers that would be set up
in the affected counties.

Ernesto was no Fran or Floyd. Fran, which hit the state 10 years ago this month,
left $5.2 billion in damage in North Carolina. Hurricane Ophelia, a Category 1
storm from 2005, did about $70 million in damage.

Ernesto damaged crops and livestock most.

The storm killed at least 44,000 chickens and turkeys, stripped tobacco leaves
that were ready for cutting and drowned corn that was to be harvested soon. The
true extent of the damage may not be seen for some time.

"You won't know until we get a harvest in," said Warren Hepler, the U.S. Farm
Service Agency agent for Southeastern North Carolina. "Peanuts and sweet
potatoes are underground, and you don't know they're damaged until you pull them
up."

Damage found in Hyde and Sampson counties, as well as additional damage to
vegetable and tobacco crops in Duplin County, accounted for the change.

Meanwhile, damage assessment crews were out Wednesday in Pender and Duplin
counties, taking another look at how Ernesto affected homes and businesses.
Revised figures are expected later this week.

Mark Schreiner: (919) 835-1434

mark.schreiner@starnewsonline.com




LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 4, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Drought-Stricken Farmers Applying for Aid

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 27, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 742 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 3


Farmers began signing up for payments today under a $3.9 billion benefits
package to aid victims of the summer drought.

''The telephones have been real busy all morning with calls from people asking
for appointments,'' said James Anderson, director of the Agricultural
Stabilization and Conservation Service office in Brown County, S.D.

The Agriculture Department agency is in charge of parceling out aid under the
program President Reagan signed into law on Aug. 11 to offset losses among
farmers from a drought that reduced the nation's harvest by an estimated 31
percent.

Brisk business was reported at the agency's offices in the northern Plains
states, where the drought wrecked the spring wheat crop. In most places, though,
there was no stampede on the first day of a long sign-up period scheduled to
last until March.

'A Production-Loss Program'

Across the Middle West, many farmers were still in their fields harvesting what
was left of their crops after the drought. Only after they are finished will
they know the full extent of their losses - prerequisite for receiving benefits
under the program.

''It's a production-loss program,'' said Dale Hertlein, executive director of
the Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service office in Fayette
County, Ohio. ''To know exactly what the guy has lost, he will have to finish
harvesting first.''

Terence G. Harman, the agency's state executive director in Texas, said quiet
prevailed at most of the agency's 239 county offices.

''We're in harvest in a lot of the crops down here, so we're involved in a lot
of other things rather than standing in line,'' he said, adding that he thought
there would be ''a gradual trickle'' of farmers applying for the benefits in the
months ahead.

Cost Remains Uncertain

The agency has county offices nationwide, and in some cases farmers who have
finished their harvest can do much of the ''paperwork'' of applying for benefits
on computer terminals in those offices. Sometimes, farmers can obtain a check on
the day they apply for the aid. In other cases, the length of the wait varies.

The cost of the assistance remains uncertain, although officials say it could
exceed the $3.9 billion price estimated when the measure won Congressional
approval.

Among the highlights for eligible producers are these:

LIVESTOCK AID - Livestock producers with an annual gross revenue of less than
$2.5 million can get either half of their feed costs from the Government or
surplus grain owned by the Agriculture Department's Commodity Credit Corporation
at discounted prices.

Those eligible are producers of cattle, sheep, goats, swine, poultry, horses,
mules and donkeys used for food or in the production of food, and fish used for
commercial food production.

CROP AID - Crop producers with a gross annual revenue of less than $2 million
can receive payments for losses exceeding 35 percent of normal production. They
are eligible for aid equal to 90 percent of losses in excess of 75 percent of
normal production.

Producers are also eligible for assistance equal to 65 percent of losses from 35
percent of normal production to 75 percent. These losses are calculated on the
basis of ''payment rates'' set by the Agriculture Department and which vary from
one crop to another.

This is how some of the payment rates will be set:

* For crops participating in farm programs, such as wheat, feed grains, cotton
and rice, the payment rate will be the target price, a figure set by Congress,
adjusted by the Secretary of Agriculture and normally used to calculated
''deficiency,'' or income support, payments for farmers.

* For nonparticipating program crops, the rate will be the county rate for
price-support loans.

* For tobacco, the rate will be the national average price-support loan rate for
the type of tobacco involved.

* For sugar beets and sugar cane, the rate will be ''a level determined by the
Secretary to be fair and reasonable'' in relation to 1988-crop price supports
for beets and cane.

* For soybeans and nonprogram crops, the rate will be the average commodity
price received in the state for the previous five years, not counting the high
and low years.

Among other provisions, an owner of 1,000 or fewer acres of trees planted for
commercial purposes will be eligible for 65 percent Federal assistance if losses
of the 1987 or 1988 tree seedlings are greater than 35 percent, adjusted for
normal mortality.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              241 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   February 22, 2001 Thursday, Final Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SOURCE: From our news services

SECTION: News; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 580 words


Dad watched suspect flee, police say The father of one of two teenage suspects
in the stabbing deaths of two Dartmouth College professors waited about eight
hours before notifying police that his son had fled, according to court
documents. John Parker watched his 16-year-old son drive away from their
Chelsea, Vt., home in his mother's car about 3 a.m. Friday, then followed the
boy to the home of Robert Tulloch, 17, according to an arrest warrant affidavit
released Wednesday.

The affidavit, signed by New Hampshire State Police Sgt. Robert Bruno, says the
father then returned home and found a note from his son asking him not to alert
police.

Parker placed a call to the New Hampshire State Police about 11 a.m., according
to the affidavit, triggering a manhunt for the teens, who were arrested Monday
at a New Castle, Ind., truck stop.

James Parker remained jailed Wednesday in Indiana. Tulloch, meanwhile, was
arraigned in Lebanon District Court on two counts of first-degree murder in the
Jan. 27 slayings and was ordered held without bail. He is expected to enter a
plea at a hearing next week.

Half Zantop, 62, taught earth sciences at Dartmouth; his wife, Susanne Zantop,
55, was chairwoman of the German studies department.

New HIV vaccine being tried on humans Pharmaceutical manufacturer Merck & Co.
has begun a small-scale human trial of a new experimental HIV vaccine, The Wall
Street Journal reported today. The vaccine has been able to prevent laboratory
monkeys exposed to an extremely virulent strain of the disease from contracting
it, the newspaper quoted sources as saying. The company would not discuss
details of the laboratory trials, but said it began testing the vaccine in
healthy, uninfected volunteers last week. At least a dozen companies are
experimenting with possible HIV vaccines. Merck officials said they plan to
present their findings at a scientific forum in April. They already presented
data to a closed-door session with the National Institutes of Health advisory
committee on AIDS vaccine and another session with AIDS activists, the newspaper
said.

Forestry officials fear wildfire danger Devastating winter ice storms that
pummeled three states and left thousands of mangled trees littered across the
region could be the source of yet another disaster: wildfires. Forestry
officials in Oklahoma, Arkansas and Texas fear a potential summertime inferno on
hundreds of thousands of acres where trees were snapped and shredded by the
storm. "I don't think it's a question of if. That fuel's on the ground. We'll
have a hot, dry summer, if not this year, the next," said Pat McDowell,
assistant director of the forestry division at the Oklahoma Department of
Agriculture. Texas estimates 80,000 acres of damaged pine forests have increased
risk for wildfires. Arkansas has timber on more than 200,000 acres that was
damaged. Wildfires blackened about 7 million acres in the United States last
year, with the majority of damage occurring in the West.

Porn fan charged after using store's VCR Police in York County, Penn., said a
man walked into a Wal-Mart electronics department, popped a porn tape into a VCR
and started watching. An employee at the store said the suspect had two other
porn tapes with him. The store worker held the man until police arrived. Robert
Nelson was charged with displaying explicit sexual material and could get five
years in prison if convicted. Store officials had no comment.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Brief

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              242 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          September 14, 2006 Thursday

BYLINE: CRYSTALR. REID Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 591 words


Floods, frost damage, torrential rainfall, hail and severe drought put North
Dakota on a federal natural disaster list Wednesday.

The secretarial natural disaster designation was issued for the entire state of
North Dakota on Wednesday afternoon, officials announced, after the state's
congressional delegation last week urged the secretary of agriculture to clear
the way for emergency loan programs.

Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns stated in a letter to Gov. John Hoeven that
losses due to the combined effects of extreme weather warranted the natural
disaster designation.

The designation allows producers in all North Dakota counties to be eligible for
low-interest emergency loans from the Farm Service Agency.

Hoeven, who has been in Washington all week pushing for a federal disaster aid
package, said the designation was expected, but that farmers need more.

"We're pleased to get it,"Hoeven said in a Wednesday phone interview with the
Tribune. "It will help. But we still need a federal disaster aid package for
farmers and ranchers."

Hoeven has estimated that North Dakota alone will need between $250 million and
$300 million in emergency disaster aid for producers affected by severe weather
in 2005 and 2006. He's been working with more then 20 governors across the
nation to secure an agricultural disaster aid package.

And Sen. Kent Conrad, D-N.D., introduced legislation, co-sponsored by Sen. Byron
Dorgan, D-N.D., and Montana Republican Sen. Conrad Burns, that calls for $6.5
billion in emergency disaster aid for the more than 20 states suffering from ag
losses due to severe weather.

"(The designation) confirms in a very clear way that what we've been saying has
been true,"Conrad said. "We have been badly hurt. Our farmers and ranchers are
at risk."

Conrad introduced the legislation last week, and Nebraska Sen. Ben Nelson sought
yesterday to attach the legislation to a port security bill.

Dorgan, Conrad and Hoeven all agreed that the designation was due, but it's
still not enough.

"It has forced the USDAto recognize that there is in fact a bona fide
disaster,"Dorgan said. "But offering loans is not a substitute for the kind of
help that we need. Loading farmers up with additional debt ... that's not going
to be a solution."

In a news conference Wednesday morning, both Hoeven and Gov. Mike Rounds, of
South Dakota, detailed their efforts for farm aid, calling on Congress to do
something before the November elections.

But Rounds remained "cautiously optimistic" about a disaster aid package,and
Hoeven said he doubted the $6.5 billion in aid will pass.

Last month, Johanns visited South Dakota to assess drought damage, then pledged
$79 million in relief funds.

House Republicans and the White House have opposed several versions of drought
relief legislation, saying the bills are too expensive and would not be
distributed fairly.

Hoeven and Rounds countered that by saying aid would be distributed based on
need: Rounds said it could be for producers in D2 and D3 areas -moderate and
severe drought, respectively-and Hoeven said producers with 30 percent loss or
more should be eligible.

In Conrad's legislation, farmers who suffer 35 percent or more in losses would
receive aid.

"As is all disaster legislation, (it's) targeted to those who have the biggest
losses,"Conrad said. "This has been very carefully designed, and is based on
what has been successful in the past."

(The Associated Press contributed to this report. Reach reporter Crystal Reid at
250-8261 or at crystal.reid@bismarcktribune.com.)

N.D. makes disaster list

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             June 21, 1993, Monday

FARM LAWMAKERS WANT TO REPLACE US PREFERENCE RULES FOR FOOD AID

BYLINE: Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: MARITIME, Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 616 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Farm state lawmakers Thursday urged the federal government to stop using its
food aid programs to "subsidize" U.S.-flag shipping companies and instead to
establish a direct budget line to aid the maritime industry.

Their proposal, which would replace U.S. cargo preference laws with a direct
maritime subsidy, has been received well by the U.S. Department of Agriculture
but is strongly opposed by shipping interests and the U.S. Maritime
dministration.

"If our objective is to provide U.S.-flag (vessels) with a reasonable subsidy,
it should be an above-board direct subsidy," Sen. Charles Grass- ley, R-Iowa,
told the House Agriculture Subcommittee on Foreign Agriculture and Hunger.

He called cargo preference a "hidden, back-door subsidy that latches like a
parasite onto the lifeblood of other federal programs."

Joan Yim, acting maritime administrator, said a review of maritime program
reforms was under way "at the highest levels of the Clinton administration" but
opposed the idea of eliminating cargo preference and setting up a direct subsidy
program for the fleet.

Meanwhile, Rep. Helen Delich Bentley, R-Md., a key advocate of cargo preference,
called on members of the House farm panel to live up to a 1985 compromise that
increased the amount of U.S. food aid moving on U.S.-flag vessels to 75 percent
from 50 percent.

That agreement specifically kept cargo preference out of USDA commercial export
credit guarantee programs.

Cargo preference laws require that 100 percent of Department of Defense cargo,
75 percent of food aid cargo and at least 50 percent of other government-owned
or financed cargo be shipped on U.S.-flag vessels.

Supporters say cargo preference is necessary to maintain an active U.S. merchant
fleet that can be called on during times of war and national emergency. But
critics such as Sen. Grassley contend the provisions establish a legal monopoly
that allows U.S.-flag vessels to charge exorbitant rates.

U.S.-flag ships employ higher-cost American citizens, are subject to stricter
safety regulations and are allowed a slower depreciation rate than ships in
other countries. All of these factors make their costs - and freight rates -
higher than their foreign-flag competitors, American shipowners say.

U.S.-flag freight charges will absorb $ 200 million of the $ 700 million U.S.
food aid package for Russia that will begin flowing later this summer. Those
charges angered many farm state lawmakers and caused an emotional and angry
debate between U.S. maritime and agriculture interests.

In her comments to the committee, Rep. Bentley said "a mere 4 percent" of U.S.
agricultural shipments are subject to the cargo preference requirements.
Meanwhile, American farmers are about to receive $ 17 billion in direct
government subsidies this year, she said.

Christopher Goldthwait, acting USDA general sales manager, told the committee
the USDA has no "formal position" on whether the United States should eliminate
the cargo-preference requirement of food aid programs and create a direct
subsidy program for the merchant marine. But "we believe that we should
certainly consider" that option, he said.

However, USDA sources have said they promoted the idea of a direct subsidy in
the inter-agency discussions on maritime reform this spring.

Mr. Goldthwait said there are a number of costs associated with cargo preference
other than higher rates for U.S.-flag ships. "Many U.S.-flag vessels, such as
tankers, are not designed to load bulk grain and are slower to load and
discharge than conventional bulk carriers," he said. Also, the grain is more
likely to be damaged in tankers, than in bulk carriers, he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              244 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 1, 2001 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Senate Rejects G.O.P. Effort To Limit Emergency Farm Aid

BYLINE:  By ELIZABETH BECKER

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 568 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 31


Risking a presidential veto, the Senate today rejected a Republican proposal to
limit emergency farm aid to $5.5 billion, pushing ahead with a Democratic
measure worth $2 billion more.

The White House warned last week that the Democratic bill was unacceptable and
that senior advisers would recommend that President Bush veto it. The
administration urged that the Senate instead approve the Republican bill, which
was passed by the House last month.

But Democrats, led by Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa, argued that the larger amount
was necessary to finance programs for smaller farmers who are ineligible for the
special subsidies for row crops -- corn, wheat, soybeans, rice and cotton --
that make up most of the bill.

Mr. Harkin, chairman of the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry
Committee, maintained that the needs of these smaller farmers could not wait
another year.

"Without these programs," he said, "thousands of farmers could go out of
business. We need to help all the family farmers all over America, not just
those in the big farm states."

The committee's ranking Republican, Senator Richard G. Lugar of Indiana, agrees
that subsidies tend to help large commercial farmers and not the struggling
smaller farmers. But Mr. Lugar said this emergency bill, providing supplemental
aid before the current fiscal year ends on Sept. 30, was not the way to reorder
farm policy.

It was his measure that failed today, on a vote of 52 to 48, largely along party
lines.

At issue is legislation that, though designated emergency, has become an annual
routine to make up for payments that many farmers have lost since Congress
enacted a farm subsidy overhaul five years ago.

In adopting its version of the emergency bill last month, the House abided by
the Congressional budget resolution, which had set a $5.5 billion ceiling for
the measure.

With the Senate taking up its bill, the White House argued this week that
improvements in agricultural markets, with better livestock and crop prices,
meant that there was less need for emergency payments.

Senator Lugar concurred, and cited Agriculture Department figures showing that
the net worth of the nation's farms was up 3.2 percent in the last five years.

After the Lugar alternative was defeated today, the Senate majority leader, Tom
Daschle of South Dakota, whose state is among the top recipients of agricultural
aid, said he wanted the $7.5 billion Democratic bill passed, reconciled with the
House version and then sent to President Bush by the end of the week.

Most of the additional $2 billion in the Democratic bill would go to
conservation programs and to growers of specialty crops, particularly apple
growers.

The Senate vote is expected on Wednesday, although several senators today
offered an amendment, action on which was delayed, that would extend a dairy
compact authorizing a system of milk price controls in New England.

The compact, scheduled to expire with the fiscal year on Sept. 30, is strongly
opposed by lawmakers from the Midwest, who view it as a cartel intended to keep
milk from their states' dairies out of New England.

Democrats said they would make conservation a major push in the far broader
coming farm bill that will chart agricultural policy over the next decade.

At the same time, they are reluctant to cut back subsidies to the large farmers
who make up an important voting bloc in next year's Congressional elections.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              245 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                            Dixie USA EMS Supply Co.

                                10101 Foster Ave
                              Brooklyn,  NY 11236
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 718-257-6400
URL: http://www.dixieems.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 33195692

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Dixie USA EMS Supply Co. is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on First
Aid, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Tourniquets, Endotracheal Tubes, and 6
other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Dixie USA EMS Supply
Co. does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automation Industries, as
well as 26 other major Manufacturing Industries. Dixie USA EMS Supply Co. has at
least 2 business locations. The company describes itself via it's website
thusly: "Medical and EMS Supplies and Equipment from DixieEMS.com"
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; Other Miscellaneous Nondurable Goods
Merchant Wholesalers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42499000
SIC CODES:
41190000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Tourniquets


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Endotracheal Tubes
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Medical Bags
     ·    Endotracheal Tubes
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Tourniquets


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acetone
     ·    Activated Charcoal
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Composites
     ·    Disinfectants
     ·    Gels
     ·    Glass
     ·    Iron
     ·    Mercury
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polypropylene
     ·    Prescription Drugs
     ·    PVC
     ·    Rubbing Alcohol
     ·    Sodium
     ·    Sodium Chloride


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Belt Cutters


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Acetaminophen, Acetone, Activated Charcoal, Aircraft, Alcohol,
Ambulances, Ammonium, Analgesics, Aneroids, Antacids, Antibiotics,
Antimicrobials, Antiseptics, Applicators, Aspirin, Bacitracin, Bedpans, Beds,
Belt Cutters, Belts, Body Bags, Buckles, Bulb Syringes, Bulbs, Bunting, Burn
Kits, Buttons, Buzzers, Canisters, Cannulas, Carrying Cases, Cartridges,
Catheters, Chairs, Charcoal, Chests, Cigarette Lighters, Cleaners, Cleansers,
Cloth, Composites, Containers, Cord, Cotton, Cotton Balls, Cuffs,
Defibrillators, Diagnostic Instruments, Digital Thermometers, Disinfectants,
Duck, Electrodes, Endotracheal Tubes, Extractors, Face Masks, Fasteners,
Filters, First Aid, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Flares, Flashlights,
Flats, Flexible Containers, Flow Monitors, Flowmeters, Gels, Glass, Glides,
Goggles, Gowns, Guides, Guns, Hearing Protection, Humidifiers, Hypodermic
Needles, Infrared Thermometers, Iron, Keychains, Latex-Free Gloves, LED Lights,
Lighters, Lights, Lithium Batteries, Locking Handles, Luers, Maintenance
Supplies, Masks, Mattresses, Medical Bags, Medical Pouches, Medical Tapes,
Mercury, Nitriles, Non-Contact Thermometers, Nylon, Nylon Bags, Nylon Cases,
Ointments, Oral Thermometers, Oxygen, Oxygen Regulators, Padlock Seals,
Padlocks, Panels, Pens, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Pins, Plastic Buckles,
Plastics, Poles, Polypropylene, Prescription Drugs, Profiles, Protective Covers,
PVC, Razors, Respirators, Restraints, Rings, Rubbing Alcohol, Rulers, Safety
Glass, Safety Glasses, Scoops, Scrubs, Seat Belts, Seats, Shears, Sheets, Shoe
Covers, Shoes, Simulators, Sleeves, Soap, Sodium, Sodium Chloride, Solutions,
Sphygmomanometers, Sprays, Stairs, Stethoscopes, Surgical Masks, Swabs,
Syringes, Tablets, Tags, Temperature Controls, Thermometer Probes, Thermometers,
Tongue Depressors, Tourniquets, Towelettes, Transmissions, Transporters, Tubs,
Ventilators, Vests, Vinyl Covers, Wash Basins, Wire, Wool, Yellows, Zippers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              246 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                    August 02, 2000 Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

Biotech park to get new tenant;
 BioDynamics signs lease agreement

BYLINE: Lisa Eckelbecker; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 769 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER



- BioDynamics Inc. yesterday signed a lease for space in the city's
biotechnology park, cementing the Chinese-American venture's plans to study a
horse vaccine that may provide clues to fighting AIDS.

Zhongsheng Ou, chairman of BioDynamics, compared the company's research in the
Massachusetts Biotechnology Research Park to a seed.

Today we set up a research base, and compared to the park it is tiny,'' Mr. Ou
said, speaking through an interpreter. But like a seed, we (will) grow up into a
tree.''

In a ceremony held before city and biotech officials, BioDynamics agreed to
sublease 4,000 square feet of office and laboratory space for three years in
Five Biotech, the newest building in the biotech park.

The space is empty now, but BioDynamics officials want to begin filling it with
activity soon. The company will seek to file applications this month for state
and federal permits that would allow BioDynamics to retrieve biological
materials sent from China and held at a U.S. Department of Agriculture center,
said Dr. Robert J. Tashjian, a West Boylston veterinarian and BioDynamics chief
executive.

The company's plan is to use the samples to study a vaccine long used in China
to inoculate horses against Equine Infectious Anemia.

The EIA virus bears similarities to HIV, the virus that causes AIDS in humans,
so the EIA vaccine may shed light on how to fight AIDS or other human diseases,
Dr. Tashjian said.

We have to get to the mechanism, the molecular biology and the immunology that's
involved,'' said Dr. Tashjian, who has been working since the early 1980s to
bring research on the vaccine to the United States. Establishing the workings of
the vaccine can be an enormously important discovery that can lead to many other
vaccine technologies.''

BioDynamics is 60 percent owned by China Animal Husbandry Industrial Co. Ltd.,
or CAHIC, a Beijing animal health and husbandry company that controls the EIA
vaccine. CAHIC, which trades on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, is largely owned by
the China Animal Husbandry Group.

CAHIC is investing $500,000 to start BioDynamics, which may hire about 10
people. A goal in backing the U.S. venture is to develop technologies for the
Chinese market of 1.2 billion people, said Mr. Ou, who is also chief executive
of China Animal Husbandry Group.

At the back of this small laboratory is a huge market,'' he said.

The remaining 40 percent of BioDynamics is owned by American Chinese Medical
Frontiers Inc. of West Boylston, a nonprofit entity led by Dr. Tashjian.

In the past, American Chinese Veterinary Medical Frontiers has received grants
from the National Institutes of Health and a private foundation to support early
studies on the EIA vaccine.

Vaccines work by priming the body's immune system to fight off invading
organisms. Some vaccines use killed viruses to raise the body's defenses. Some
use living but weakened viruses.

The most famous case of an animal virus leading to a human vaccine may be the
smallpox vaccine. In the 18th century, English doctor Edward Jenner used the
cowpox virus to inoculate a boy against smallpox. A modern vaccine similar to
the cowpox virus has helped eradicate the disease.

CAHIC's vaccine against EIA is a live, attenuated vaccine. It appears to protect
horses against illness, but BioDynamics needs to establish how it works and
whether that mechanism could be applied against HIV, said Nelson Yuan-Sheng
Kiang, a professor at Harvard Medical School and the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology.

Once you understand how it works, what part of the virus serves as the essential
component for the vaccine?'' said Mr. Kiang, who attended yesterday's ceremony.
If that part is also contained in the (human) virus, then the chance that this
might be another cowpox-smallpox becomes very alive.''

For the biotech park, the arrival of BioDynamics helps fill a portion of Five
Biotech.

BioDynamics is subleasing its space from AstraZeneca plc, a pharmaceutical
company that holds a lease on about 49,000 square feet of the 93,000-square-foot
building. AstraZeneca, which leases space in another building in the park, does
not plan to move in to Five Biotech because it is consolidating research in
Delaware.

The only other tenant in Five Biotech is Q-One Biotech Ltd., a Glasgow-based
company that is leasing about 14,000 square feet.

Yet AstraZeneca continues to pursue tenants for its space, and the park's
management is also marketing the building, said Thomas J. Andrews, executive
director of the biotech park. The building could be filled, he said, in early
2001.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              247 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     June 6, 1992, Saturday, Tampa Edition

Delta passenger fears AIDS

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; STATE DIGEST; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 289 words

DATELINE: FORT LAUDERDALE; MIAMI



A Delta Air Lines passenger who reached into his seat pocket for a magazine
charged that he was jabbed with a bloody syringe and now fears he may have
caught the AIDS virus. Retiree Maurice Albert of Lauderhill is seeking $
1-million in damages in a negligence lawsuit filed this week in Broward Circuit
Court over the incident. Albert said he was jabbed on a flight from Las Vegas to
Fort Lauderdale March 17. He wants the name of the passenger sitting in the seat
before him, but Delta has refused.
 Black Miamians
 angry about visit
 MIAMI A luncheon intended to bring together South African Zulu leader
Mangosuthu Buthelezi and 40 civic leaders was canceled after the fund-raising
trip sparked discord in the city's black community. Black residents, still
smarting from the cold shoulder given by city officials when Nelson Mandela
visited two years ago, were disturbed that the Miami Herald would sponsor an
event with his political rival. Johnnie McMillian, president of the Miami branch
of the NAACP, was encouraged by Thursday's cancellation of the luncheon, which
Buthelezi's supporters said would raise money for South African education. "It
wouldn't have done anything for race relations," she said. "We're already at the
cusp of a blowup."
 Ocean World
 fined $ 20,000
 FORT LAUDERDALE Ocean World was fined $ 20,000 and its license suspended for
two weeks over allegations of animal mistreatment under an agreement Friday with
the U.S.  Department of Agriculture. The accusations against Ocean World
included a diver wrestling with a dolphin in its underwater cage and the keeping
of 15 dolphins in overchlorinated water until their skin peeled. Under the
agreement, Ocean World admits no wrongdoing.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              248 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 2, 2007 Friday

House to put blizzard aid in Pentagon bill

BYLINE: Peter Roper, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 257 words


Mar. 2--House Democratic leaders have decided to attach $4 billion in disaster
assistance to a $93 billion defense budget bill coming through the House this
month, including money to help Eastern Plains ranchers hurt by the recent
blizzards.

Rep. John Salazar, D-Colo., said he was assured by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on
Thursday and Rep. Collin Peterson, chairman of the House Agriculture Committee,
that disaster aid will be attached to the Pentagon supplemental bill.

"Chairman Peterson (D-Minn.) assured me that among that $4 billion in disaster
aid there will be blizzard assistance money for Colorado ranchers and farmers,"
Salazar said. "How much is still to be determined but the situation is better
than we thought."

Salazar is a member of the House agriculture panel. Earlier this week, he said
that lawmakers from western states hurt by the blizzards were hoping to get $50
million dedicated for blizzard relief.

The $4 billion in disaster funds would be in addition to the $93 billion the
White House has requested to continue funding for the war in Iraq. Last year,
efforts to include drought and disaster aid in supplemental budget bills were
blocked by the Republican leadership and also opposed by the Bush
administration.

Copyright (c) 2007, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070302-PB-0302-House-to-put-blizzard-aid-in-Pentagon-bill

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2007 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              249 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 20, 2007 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

World Bank Report Puts Agriculture at Core of Antipoverty Effort

BYLINE: By CELIA W. DUGGER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Foreign Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1030 words


For the first time in a quarter century, the World Bank's flagship annual report
on development puts agriculture and the productivity of small farmers at the
heart of a global agenda to reduce poverty. Three-quarters of the world's poor
still live in the countryside.

The World Development Report, released yesterday, is the first on agriculture
since 1982. Just a week ago, an internal evaluation unit chided the bank for its
neglect of agriculture in Africa and its plummeting financial support for that
sector over the past 15 years -- support that did not begin to grow
significantly until last year.

More broadly, the report crystallizes an emerging consensus among wealthy
countries, philanthropists and African governments: Increased public investment
in scientific research, rural roads, irrigation, credit, fertilizer and seeds --
the basics of an agricultural economy -- is crucial to helping Africa's poor
farmers grow more sorghum, corn, millet, cassava and rice on their miniature
plots.

Foreign aid for agriculture has plunged as support for global health and primary
education has surged. The fight against AIDS and other diseases is keeping
millions of people alive, and rising elementary school attendance is lifting
literacy rates. But most poor Africans make their living in agriculture and need
to grow more to feed themselves and earn their way out of destitution, many
analysts say.

''We're not saying health and education aren't important,'' said Alain de
Janvry, one of two authors of the report, ''Agriculture for Development,'' who
has taught agricultural economics at the University of California, Berkeley, for
40 years. ''But if you look at Africa, there's no alternative to agriculture as
a source of growth.''

The World Bank is not the first to reach this conclusion. African governments,
at a 2003 African Union summit, promised to more than double their own very low
public spending on agriculture. In 2005, the United Nations Millennium Project,
led by the Columbia University economist Jeffrey D. Sachs, advocated major
investments to increase the productivity of poor farmers in Africa.

Last year, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation joined the Rockefeller
Foundation to help bring a green revolution to Africa. The Gates Foundation,
known for its work on global health, was motivated in part by an awareness that
extreme poverty and malnutrition were underlying causes of much of the sickness
and premature death plaguing Africa.

But the bank, the world's leading development institution and financier of
antipoverty programs, plays a unique  role in advising poor countries, and its
return to agriculture is likely to influence practical policies across
sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia, where hundreds of millions of farmers and
landless laborers are still mired in poverty.

The 365-page report was conceived before the arrival of the bank's new
president, Robert B. Zoellick, but he embraced its themes yesterday in
Washington, while acknowledging the recent critical evaluation of the bank's own
performance.

''To make this successful, we're going to need to increase investment,'' he said
at a forum that was shown live on the Web.

Robert S. McNamara, an earlier World Bank president, initiated the last period
of ambitious investment in African agriculture, in the 1970s. Internal
evaluations found that many of those projects and subsequent ones failed for a
variety of reasons. Often, they were complex, devised and run by professionals
from outside the countries being helped and not adopted wholeheartedly by poor
countries that had little capacity to carry them out independently and,
sometimes, little commitment to poor farmers.

In the 1980s, in the era of Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher, the World Bank
increasingly withdrew its support from agriculture and expected private markets
to spur growth through competition. Bank officials even thought profit-seeking
companies would build toll roads in remote parts of Africa.

But, as the recent internal evaluation found, private markets often failed to
deliver a range of goods and services farmers needed, including improved seeds,
fertilizer and credit.

In India's green revolution, which began in the 1960s with the introduction of
new high-yielding varieties of rice and wheat, the World Bank, the United States
and the Rockefeller Foundation encouraged the Indian government to play a
pivotal role in the provision of seeds, fertilizer and credit, said Uma Lele, an
agricultural economist who worked at the bank for 35 years and evaluated many of
its agricultural programs before retiring. The Indian state also set floor
prices for wheat and rice to ensure farmers a return on their investments.

In the effort to bring an agrarian revolution to Africa, much of the debate from
now on will focus on the role that African governments should play in spurring
farm productivity. Economists who have read the World Development Report said
there was clearly still a great deal of ferment and disagreement within the bank
about many of the particulars. For example, should African governments give
farmers subsidies to buy fertilizer, and under what conditions?

The report notes that agricultural subsidies have a way of becoming deeply
entrenched politically long after their original purpose has been served.

The report found, for example, that if European countries, the United States and
other wealthy nations removed all tariffs and subsidies for cotton, soybeans and
other oilseeds -- practices that reduce the world price of those commodities and
make it harder for unsubsidized farmers in poor countries to compete --
developing countries' share of world trade in cotton and oilseeds would be more
than 80 percent in 2015 instead of only about half.

Derek Byerlee, an agricultural economist with the bank who wrote the report with
Professor de Janvry, said at a panel discussion yesterday that the United
States' subsidies to cotton growers were ''directly and negatively impacting
African farmers.''

Professor de Janvry said the report was not meant to settle the complicated and
difficult policy questions, but ''to change the conversation.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Farmers assisted by the aid organization CARE weighing their
pineapple crop in Kenya.(PHOTOGRAPH BY EVELYN HOCKSTEIN FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
CHART: Aid for Agriculture:  After a peak in foreign spending in the mid-1980s,
official development assistance has dropped drastically for agriculture. The aid
has decreased proportionally for Africa, which receives a large percentage of
the financing.(Source: World Bank)   Chart shows a line graph which details
FOREIGN AID TO AGRICULTURE WORLDWIDE and  FOREIGN AID TO AGRICULTURE IN AFRICA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              250 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 26, 1986, Monday, Late City Final Edition

FLORIDA PIG FARM POSES AIDS RIDDLE

BYLINE: By JON NORDHEIMER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 7, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1376 words

DATELINE: MIAMI, May 25


Following a hunch, two medical researchers looking for clues to the riddle of
why a small Florida migrant center has so many cases of AIDS went deep inside a
sugar cane field outside the town. What they found there earlier this month is
now a matter of dispute.

They say they found a backwoods swine farm with more than 150 domestic and wild
pigs showing the ravages of a deadly disease, perhaps an unknown variant of
African swine fever, as well as evidence of the virus believed to cause AIDS in
humans. The farm is near Belle Glade, the poverty-stricken migrant town on the
south shore of Lake Okeechobee where 50 cases of AIDS, or acquired immune
deficiency syndrome, have been reported.

A special team of veterinarians from the Department of Agriculture went to the
farm to take blood and tissue samples from the pigs. They said that tests of the
samples at the Plum Island Animal Diagnostic Center at Greenport, L.I., found no
evidence of African swine fever, and that the Belle Glade pigs were merely
undernourished, a condition fairly common among swine raised for local
consumption near there. They plan further studies of the researchers findings.
No Record of Fever in U.S.  African swine fever, a usually deadly and rapidly
transmitted disease of pigs, has never been officially recorded in the United
States, Agriculture officials say. Evidence of it in this country, even in such
a remote setting, would be perceived as a potential threat to the $9
billion-a-year national pork industry.

But even if evidence of African swine fever were to be found in the herd, a
spokesman for the Agriculture Department said, ''AIDS is a human disease problem
and we have no basis for assuming yet that it is related to African swine fever
virus.''

The medical researchers, Jane Teas, a pathobiologist formerly with the Harvard
School of Public Health, and John C. Beldekas, a chemical immunologist with the
microbiology department of Boston University's School of Medicine, came across
the pigs while searching for evidence that might identify environmental causes
for the high incidence of AIDS in Belle Glade, a town of about 15,000 people.

Preliminary studies have failed to establish a link between the AIDS victims
there and the major groups known to be at highest risk of getting the disease:
male homosexuals, intravenous drug abusers and hemophiliacs who received
contaminated blood products.

Ken Castro, an epidemiologist who heads a Federal Centers for Disease Control
team investigating AIDS in Belle Glade, said results of blood samples and
questionnaires from 1,200 residents should be available in September. Most of
the questions dealt with sexual practices, he said, and the main hypothesis
being tested deals with heterosexual transmission.

Common Characteristics Seen

Miss Teas and Mr. Beldekas concede that they are not veterinarians and are not
qualified to diagnose exotic infectious animal diseases like African swine
fever. They are, however, leading advocates of a theory that the African swine
fever virus may be linked to the transmission of AIDS.

AIDS victims and pigs stricken with chronic African swine fever have common
characteristics, Mr. Beldekas said, including fever, abnormally large lymph
nodes, skin lesions, immune-related pneumonia, and a reduction of white blood
cells. Both diseases can be spread through exposure to infected blood, blood
products and semen, Mr. Beldekas said, but the animal virus can also be
transmitted by infected ticks.

Accordingly, they say, the animal virus may somehow be a factor in the
transmission of AIDS, which could have spread from infected pigs to humans
through tick bites, and then from human to human through sexual contact or
direct infection of blood.

Results of Researchers' Tests

This theory runs counter to generally accepted scientific research that
pinpoints the causative agent of AIDS as a virus called HTLV-III or LAV, which
is believed to be transmitted through direct infection of the blood, primarily
through homosexual contact or contaminated needles and blood products.

The researchers suggest that HTLV-III may simply be present in AIDS victims as a
product of a body's reaction to the presence of the swine fever virus.

Miss Teas first suggested a possible link between AIDS and the African swine
fever virus two years ago in the British medical journal The Lancet. Two months
ago she and Mr. Beldekas collaborated on a letter published by The Lancet
asserting that 9 of 21 American AIDS patients they tested had evidence of the
swine fever virus in their blood, although none had a known history of exposure
to infected pigs. The swine virus is very difficult to detect and identify, Mr.
Beldekas said last week in suggesting a possible explanation for the apparent
absence of the virus in the 12 other AIDS victims.

Mr. Beldekas said studies of blood and organs taken from the pigs by Dr. Mark
Whiteside, a tropical disease specialist working with them in Belle Glade,
''gave me positive Western blot for HTLV-III.'' The Western blot test is
considered a usually reliable indicator of the presence of antibodies to the
HTLV-III virus, a signal of infection by the virus.

Mr. Beldekas said additional pig blood and organ specimens were carried to
England this month by Miss Teas for tests by the Pirbright Animal Virus Research
Institute in Surrey.

Mr. Beldekas and Miss Teas were partly financed, they said, by private sources
among homosexual groups in New York and California. The disease has infected
hundreds of thousands of homosexual men and has killed thousands of them since
it was first identified in 1981.

AIDS Records Not Precise

Of the 50 confirmed cases of AIDS reported in Belle Glade, nearly all of them
have been black residents of two central slum districts. It is suspected that
the actual toll may be significantly higher, researchers say, but owing to the
transient nature of the migrants and the poor quality of their medical care, it
is difficult to keep track of the cases. AIDS victims could possibly die
elsewhere, without autopsies, and their deaths could be attributed to other
causes, like pneumonia, Dr. Whiteside said.

The Boston researchers and Dr. Whiteside described one theory, based on accounts
provided by local inhabitants, that illegal immigrants from Haiti brought with
them pigs infected with chronic, low-grade swine fever. After the Haitians found
migrant work in the farmland around Belle Glade, the theory goes, their pigs
integrated with wild hogs that abound in the dense sugar cane fields.

''Perhaps the pigs, infected with a chronic, low-virulent strain of African
swine fever, are a reservoir'' for AIDS in the environment, Mr. Baldekas said.

''Look around the world,'' he continued, ''and where you find AIDS you will
always find African swine fever and pigs,'' notably in Haiti and Africa.

Insects Seen as Carriers

Miss Teas said pigs from the farm outside Belle Glade were sold to migrant
workers in one of the slum areas. Although the African swine fever virus has
been known to survive cooking, she said its transmission to humans would more
likely be through an insect carrier, like the ticks present in the Belle Glade
fields.

The Agriculture Department field check of the pigs uncovered no evidence of
African swine fever, according to Dr. Gerald Fichtner, associate deputy
administrator of veterinary services for the Federal Animal and Plant Inspection
Service.

''If we were concerned about an acute virus disease like African swine fever
we'd be looking for severe symptons like hemorrhaging, acute dehydration and
high fever,'' Dr. Fichtner said. ''If diarrhea was present we'd be more
concerned, but no diarrhea was found.''

The department's chief veterinarian in Florida, Dr. William Grene, in a separate
telephone interview, said diarrhea was indeed found in some of the pigs,
however. He nonetheless discounted the importance of that finding, saying it was
consistent with mismanagement of a pig herd that had inadequate water and food
supplies, and was probably attributable to internal parasites.

Agriculture Department specialists last week visited Mr. Beldekas's laboratory
in Boston to get samples for comparison studies at Plum Island.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map showing location of Belle Glade (NYT)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              251 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           October 22, 2008 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

DISASTER AID FOR CROPS AVAILABLE

BYLINE: The Capital Times

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 343 words


Farmers and growers suffering losses during the floods and cold weather earlier
this year will be eligible for low-cost loans and other assistance from the
federal government.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture approved three disaster declarations asked
for by Gov. Jim Doyle, making aid available in 55 counties, including 39 for
damages due to flooding and 16 for damages due to frost, freeze, winterkill and
extreme cold.

The approvals came from the USDA Oct. 15. No dollar estimates were attached to
the declarations.

"Agriculture has remained a strong segment of the Wisconsin economy despite
severe weather in our state this past year," Doyle said. "These declarations can
help eligible farmers prepare for future financial needs."

Wisconsin farmers and growers suffered tens of millions of dollars in losses
this year with most of the damage coming in the June floods.

Twenty-four primary and 15 contiguous counties were in the flooding disaster
declaration. The primary counties include Adams, Columbia, Crawford, Dane,
Dodge, Grant, Green Lake, Jefferson, Juneau, Kenosha, Lafayette, Manitowoc,
Marquette, Milwaukee, Monroe, Racine, Richland, Rock, Sauk, Sheboygan, Vernon,
Walworth, Waukesha and Winnebago counties, while the contiguous counties in the
declaration include Brown, Calumet, Fond du Lac, Green, Iowa, Jackson, Kewaunee,
La Crosse, Outagamie, Ozaukee, Portage, Washington, Waupaca, Waushara and Wood
counties.

Four primary and 10 contiguous counties were in the winterkill, freezing rain
and extreme cold declaration, including Barron, Lafayette, Polk and St. Croix
counties as primary and Burnett, Chippewa, Dunn, Grant, Green, Iowa, Pierce,
Rusk, Sawyer and Washburn counties as contiguous.

Two counties, Door as primary and Kewaunee as contiguous, were in the drought,
freeze and frost disaster declaration, with 98 percent of the cherry crop in
Door County lost this year.

Landowners in the counties included in the declarations should contact the USDA
Wisconsin State Farm Service Agency at 608-662-4422 for more information.

10/22/2008 9:16 am

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 23, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Block Warns of Farm Trouble

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section D; Page 17, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 204 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, Aug. 22


Agriculture Secretary John R. Block said today it may be necessary for some
farmers to lose their businesses so the entire troubled farm industry can be
freed from ''heavy-handed'' Government policy.

''Whatever farm policy we adopt, we are going to lose some farmers,'' Mr. Block
said. ''The credit crunch is not over. We're going to have a tough winter. We
must reduce subsidies that encourage production.''

Mr. Block, speaking at the Agriculture Department's food safety and nutrition
editor's conference, predicted there would be more foreclosures against
Midwestern farmers, but said it was necessary.

''For the past 50 years government has been trying to protect farmers into
prosperity and profitability,'' he said. ''What do we have to show for all this
help? We have a weakened agricultural sector that lurches from crisis to crisis,
from Band-Aid to Band-Aid.''

Deregulation is likely to hurt farmers, decrease food supplies and increase
prices, but Mr. Block said these are ''small prices to pay'' for saving the
troubled farm industry.

He said the belt-tightening must begin immediately, starting with the new
agricultural bill, and that President Reagan will take an active role in forming
the bill.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              253 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                          Grand Island Hearing Aid Ctr

                                  721 W 7th St
                            Grand Island,  NE 68801
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 308-382-9169
URL: http://www.gihearingaidcenter.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 3177070

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Grand Island Hearing Aid Ctr is a company focussed on Hearing Aids, Hearing
Protection, Hearing Aid Batteries, Repair Services, Testing Services, and 5
other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Grand Island Hearing
Aid Ctr does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Architecture
Industries, as well as 14 other major Manufacturing Industries. Grand Island
Hearing Aid Ctr has at least 2 business locations. The company describes itself
via it's website thusly: ""Technologically Advanced Hearing Care At Prices To
Fit All Budgets" Experiencing the sounds of life is something we all take for
granted. For most of us, it is only when hearing slowly diminishes that we
realize how important good hearing is in our lives."

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
62199900
SIC CODES:
76290000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Hearing Aids
     ·    Hearing Protection
     ·    Hearing Aid Batteries


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Repair Services
     ·    Testing Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Safety


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  Less than $1 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Agendas, Amplifiers, Backgrounds, Channels, Consumer
Electronics, Cookies, Coupons, Digital Amplifiers, Eliminators, Firearms, Games,
Guns, Hardware, Hearing Aid Batteries, Hearing Aids, Hearing Protection,
Microphones, Platforms, Posts, Radios, Repair Services, Rings, Satellites,
Solutions, Speakers, Suits, Sweeps, Targets, Telecommunications Equipment,
Telephone Amplifiers, Telephones, Testing Services, Transitions, Traps, Volume
Controls

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              254 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Governor Terry E. Branstad Iowa State Fair Scholarship Recipients Announced

LENGTH: 352  words

DATELINE: New York



 Des Moines: Iowa College Student Aid Commission has issued the following news
release:



   Iowa College Aid has announced Kethryn Eyheralde of Centerville and Kaitlyn
Boyer of Weldon as recipients of the 2016 Governor Terry E. Branstad Iowa State
Fair Scholarship. This scholarship recognizes outstanding Iowa high school
seniors who have actively participated in the Iowa State Fair and plan to attend
an Iowa college or university.





 Both Eyheralde and Boyer will use the $2,000 scholarship to help pay for
studies at Iowa State University, where Eyheralde will major in Animal Ecology
with an emphasis in Pre-Veterinary Studies and Boyer will study Animal Science
with a focus on Beef Production.



 "Kethryn and Kaitlyn reflect the spirit of the Iowa State Fair scholarship, as
both have had their lives shaped by their experiences volunteering at the fair,"
said Karen Misjak, executive director of Iowa College Aid, the state agency
charged with administering the scholarship. "Their dedication to a future in
agriculture is great for Iowa."



 "Being chosen as a recipient means that my hard work and effort that led to my
4-H project at the state fair have even greater influence on my future and
education than just taking home a ribbon," Eyheralde said.



 "I am honored to receive this scholarship as it will help me pursue my passion
for the beef industry and agriculture at Iowa State University," Boyer said.



 Eyheralde and Boyer will receive their awards during the Iowa State Fair. Each
will be presented a certificate of recognition by Governor Branstad on Saturday,
August 20, at 10 a.m. on the Anne & Bill Riley Stage.



 Iowa College Aid will also exhibit in the Varied Industries Building at the
fair. Free publications about financial aid will be available, and prizes will
be given to fairgoers who complete a "College Passport." Iowa College Aid staff
will be on hand to answer questions about preparing and applying for college,
obtaining financial aid and succeeding in college.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 20, 2017 Monday

Status of House Bill No: 872

LENGTH: 508  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania House of Representatives has issued the following
Status of House Bill:





 organization; or

 (2)  accepting emergency first aid certification awarded

 by a certification organization offered by the certification

 organization through either an in-person or online first aid

 certification program.



 (c)  Certification renewal.--The department shall require

 proprietors of food establishments to provide for the renewal of

 food service employees' emergency first aid certification. The

 following shall apply:

 (1)  Renewal of first aid certification may be provided

 by the local health authority or a certification

 organization, as approved by the department.

 (2)  Emergency first aid certification shall be in effect

 for the certification period prescribed by the certification

 organization and the timing of certification renewal shall

 coincide with the requirements of the certification

 organization.

 Section 4.  Duties of department.

 (a)  Administration and enforcement.--The department shall

 administer and enforce the provisions of this act. To carry out

 the provisions of this act the department shall:

 (1)  Develop guidelines it determines necessary and

 appropriate to carry out the provisions of this act.

 (2)  Consult with the Department of Agriculture and local

 health authorities to develop guidelines in accordance with

 paragraph (1).

 (3)  Coordinate with local health authorities to develop

 uniform standards for emergency first aid training and

 certification, including procedures for verifying emergency

 first aid training.

 20170HB0872PN0975  - 5 -

 1

 2

 3

 4

 5

 6

 7

 8

 9

 10

 11

 12

 13

 14

 15

 16

 17

 18

 19

 20

 21

 22

 23

 24

 25

 26

 27

 28

 29

 30

 (4)  Publish the names and locations of all approved

 certification organizations and emergency first aid training

 programs on its publicly accessible Internet website.

 (b)  Guidelines.--The guidelines developed by the department

 in accordance with subsection (a) shall include, but are not

 limited to, the following:

 (1)  procedures for verifying first aid training and

 certification;

 (2)  explanation of the roles of local health authorities

 under this act;

 (3)  procedures for waiving emergency first aid training

 and certification in accordance with subsection (d);

 (4)  the fee which may be charged for issuing

 verification of emergency first aid training and

 certification, which shall not exceed $35; or

 (5)  any other information the department determines

 necessary and appropriate to administer the provisions of

 this act.

 (c)  Collaboration with Department of Agriculture.--The

 department shall collaborate with the Department of Agriculture

 to administer and enforce the provisions of this act. The

 department shall:

 (1)  Consult with the Department of Agriculture to

 determine the food establishment licensed by the Department

 of Agriculture under 3 Pa.C.S. § 5703 (relating to license

 required), which should be exempt from the requirements of

 this act



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                              July 9, 2012 Monday

Farm Aid 2012 chooses Hershey

BYLINE: Lebanon Daily News staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 341 words


Farm Aid announced Monday that the 2012 edition of its annual benefit concert
will take place on Saturday, Sept. 22, at Hersheypark Stadium.

"We've built a strong family farm movement to grow our economy, ensure our
health and protect our environment. Farm Aid brings these Main Street values to
transform the Wall Street-controlled farm and food system," said Farm Aid
President Willie Nelson in a news release. "The Farm Aid concert is our chance
to shine a spotlight on the independent family farmers who are essential to the
well-being of our country."

Farm Aid 2012 will feature Nelson and fellow board members John Mellencamp, Neil
Young and Dave Matthews - with Tim Reynolds - as well as Jack Johnson, ALO, Pegi
Young & The Survivors, and Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real.

Farm Aid has a rich history in Pennsylvania. Farm Aid has long collaborated with
and supported organizations and organizers in the state who are growing the Good
Food Movement, including innovators at the forefront of the organic and the Buy
Fresh Buy Local movements.

Tickets for Farm Aid 2012 will go on sale Friday at 10 a.m. and will be
available atLive Nation ,Ticketmaster , Ticketmaster outlets, the Giant Center
Box Office, or by phone at 800-745-3000. Ticket prices range from $35.75 to
$99.75.

Farm Aid will offer advance sale tickets to Farm Aid members beginning July 10.
To become a member of Farm Aid, visitwww.farmaid.org.

Farm Aid welcomes the participation of the local business community and offers
corporate sponsorship opportunities. For more information, contact Glenda Yoder
at Farmaid.org/concert.

Farm Aid's mission is to build a vibrant, family farm-centered system of
agriculture in America, according to the news release. Since 1985, Farm Aid,
with the support of the artists who contribute their performances each year, has
raised more than $40 million to support programs that help farmers thrive,
expand the reach of the Good Food Movement, take action to change the dominant
system of industrial agriculture and promote food from family farms.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this Oct. 2, 2010, file photo, Dave Matthews performs during
the 25th anniversary Farm Aid concert in Milwaukee. The annual Farm Aid benefit
concert is coming to Hershey, Pa., in September 2012 as the country s small and
medium-size farms face a shifting economic landscape, but board member Dave
Matthews sees some hopeful signs in the uncertainty. Matthews, who will perform
at the Hersheypark show on Sept. 22 with longtime collaborator Tim Reynolds,
sees demand growing for the types of farm products produced by smaller
operations. (AP Photo/Jeffrey Phelps, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 6, 2016 Wednesday

The Economic Welfare and Trade Relations Implications of the 2014 Farm Bill
edited by Vincent H. Smith

LENGTH: 972  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Enterprise Institute has issued the following news
release:



 In "The Economic Welfare and Trade Relations Implications of the 2014 Farm
Bill" (Emerald Group Publishing, January 2016), a collection of studies on
various key aspects of the Farm Bill, editor and AEI agricultural economist
Vincent H. Smith joins other experts to assess the impact of the 2014 Farm Bill.
Throughout the 12 chapters, college professors and agricultural experts examine
the different sections of the 2014 Farm Bill and find that the programs appear
to focus on transferring income -- at the expense of US consumers and taxpayers
-- to relatively wealthy farmers and to nonfarm entities, such as the US
merchant marine and private insurance and reinsurance companies. These transfers
have negative effects on the long-term productivity of the agricultural sector
and on how well international food aid programs can meet humanitarian needs. In
addition, the 2014 Farm Bill does too little to efficiently address conservation
issues and will likely make it harder for US trade negotiators to secure
beneficial trade agreements.





 A summary of the chapters follows:



 Chapter 1 by Barry K. Goodwin (North Carolina State University) and Vincent H.
Smith (Montana State University): An introduction of current farm policy and how
farm subsidies have distorted the market.



 Chapter 2 by David Orden (International Food Policy Research Institute) and
Carl Zulauf (Ohio State University): A look at the evolution of modern US
agricultural policy since the 1990s, including the continued support for
programs that transfer resources from taxpayers to consumers, though transfers
to farmers are no longer needed to mitigate rural poverty.



 Chapter 3 by Bruce Babcock (Iowa State University): Examines the Price Loss
Coverage and Agricultural Risk Coverage programs, which are really price and
income support programs for specific commodities under the guise of providing
farm income safety net programs.



 Chapter 4 by Erik Lichtenberg (University of Maryland): Examines the economic
rationale and efficiencies of the conservation programs authorized under Title
II of the Farm Bill.



 Chapter 5 by Christopher B. Barrett (Cornell University) and Erin C. Lentz
(University of Texas at Austin): Examines the problems associated with
international emergency food aid, including the requirement that aid be
transported on US flagged ships; the requirement that the US be the source of
food aid, instead of using conveniently located local food sources; and the
monetization of food aid, where nongovernment agencies sell food aid and use the
funds for other forms of assistance. They conclude that millions of lives are
not saved because of all these requirements.



 Chapter 6 by Colin A. Carter (University of California, Davis): Examines the
trade policy implications of the 2014 Farm Bill including the new dairy margin
protection program and the livestock-related Country of Origin Labeling, which
violates US WTO trade obligations.



 Chapter 7 by Dr. Joseph Glauber (International Food Policy Research Institute)
and Patrick Westhoff (University of Missouri): Discusses how the 2014 Farm Bill
could cause the US to violate its current WTO obligations because of the various
subsidies included in the program.



 Chapter 8 by Brian Davern Wright (University of California, Berkeley): Examines
the economic benefits and costs of the federal agricultural insurance program
and finds that the program accounts for about 30 percent of all farm-subsidy
spending, which amounts to an estimated $8 billion a year or more, according to
the Congressional Budget Office. Wright finds that the insurance program
increases riskier behavior while transferring income to the wealthier farm
operations and transferring the financial risks to taxpayers.



 Chapter 9 by Daniel A. Sumner (University of California, Davis), Joseph V.
Balagtas (Purdue University), and Jisang Yu (University of California, Davis):
Studies dairy programs and finds that the Dairy Margin Protection Program has
the potential to exceed all previous government outlays on dairy subsidies and
makes it more difficult for US dairy food processors to be competitive in export
markets.



 Chapter 10 by Gary W. Brester (Montana State University): Assesses the US sugar
program and finds that restrictions of imports, restriction of acreage where
sugar beets and sugar canes are planted, and a long-standing "loan rate" price
support result in US domestic sugar prices being much higher than world prices.



 Chapter 11 by Philip G. Pardey (University of Minnesota), Steven T. Buccola
(Oregon State University), and Jason M. Beddow (University of Minnesota):
Explores the impact of the 2014 Farm Bill on public research and development
(R&D) programs and finds a modest increase in R&D funding, though an
insufficient one to reverse the decline in the US share of global food and
agricultural R&D spending -- with adverse consequences for the future
competitiveness of US agriculture.



 Chapter 12 by Dr. Mary Clare Ahearn (United States Department of Agriculture
Economic Research Service, retired): Examines rural development policy reflected
by successive farm bills between 1950 and 2014. She assesses the effectiveness
of the various rural credit programs targeted to new and socially disadvantaged
farmers and finds that they are in fact trivial (less than 0.04 percent of the
spending on all other farm and rural programs).



 As the first comprehensive account to address contemporary US agricultural
policy as defined by the 2014 Farm Bill, this primer provides a careful analysis
of US agricultural policy that is accessible to students, graduates, interest
groups, and policymakers.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            August 13, 1996, Tuesday

FOOD FOR N. KOREA SENT VIA TACOMA, SACRAMENTO

BYLINE: WILLIAM DiBENEDETTO; JOURNAL OF COMMERCE STAFF

SECTION: TRANSPORTATION, Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 431 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


With waivers in hand from three federal agencies, a U.S. carrier recently sent a
shipment of food to North Korea through the ports of Tacoma, Wash., and
Sacramento, Calif.

It was a first for the ports, and U.S. shipments of anything to North Korea are
extremely rare.

An Afram vessel hauled about 13,100 metric tons of cornmeal, milled rice and
corn/soy blend to Nampo in July and early August. The shipment was arranged
under the PL-480 food aid program. Afram is a U.S.-flag carrier based in Port
Arthur, Texas, that specializes in U.S. military and foreign aid cargoes.

Trade between the United States and North Korea, including U.S-flag vessel
calls, has been restricted since the early 1950s, when the Korean War spilt the
Korean Peninsula.

South Korea has prospered since the end of the conflict and is a major U.S.
trading partner. But communist North Korea does virtually no business with the
United States.

With the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, North Korea lost its main
benefactor and has experienced economic hard times. The death in 1994 of Kim Il
Sung and severe flooding in 1994-95 that damaged crops added to the country's
woes.

The United Nations called for emergency food aid for North Korea. The country
historically is a food importer, said Jeffrey Goldstein, a specialist in North
Korean affairs at the State Department.

''They've had a couple of bad harvests in a row, so the UN's World Food Program
issued an appeal for food aid,'' he said.

South Korea and Japan also are sending food to North Korea.

About half of the U.S. food aid went through Tacoma and the rest moved through
Sacramento.

PL-480 sends surplus farm commodities overseas as foreign aid on U.S.-flag
vessels. But that latter requirement ran up against the U.S. restrictions on
U.S. ship movements to North Korea, imposed during the Korean War. That's why
the departments of Commerce, Transportation and Treasury had to issue special
waivers for the transaction.

A similar grain relief effort to North Korea moved through the Port of Seattle
last year.

James Firth, chief of export operations for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Farm Service Agency, said the food aid was shipped through ports that don't
normally handle PL-480 commodities. The Clinton administration placed a high
priority on the shipment, so for the sake of speed, only West Coast ports were
considered, he said.

Among West Coast ports, Tacoma offered the best price structure for the cornmeal
and corn/soy blend, which were valued at a total of $ 2.7 million, Mr. Firth
said.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              259 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 5, 1992, Wednesday, Final Edition

U.S. Food Aid Waits on the Dock;
After Months of Delays, None Has Reached Ex-Soviet Republics

David Hoffman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A21

LENGTH: 908 words


The White House announced last Nov. 20 that President Bush had approved a new
program of $ 165 million in food aid to help "hard-hit" former Soviet republics
get through the winter using what press secretary Marlin Fitzwater called
"America's abundance."

But more than two months after the announcement, as winter drags on and food
supplies dwindle, none of the food has reached the shores of the former Soviet
republics. Thousands of tons of nonfat dry milk and bulgur wheat are awaiting
shipment at ports in New Orleans and Houston, held up by a transportation
bottleneck in the shipping industry.

Some of the food may be finally loaded onto ships this week, and next week an
airlift organized by the State Department and Pentagon will ferry bulk food left
from the Persian Gulf War to the republics in a largely symbolic display of
concern. But the slow start to the program Bush announced in November is
illustrative of the delays and frustrations that the administration and private
groups have encountered in trying to launch emergency relief efforts to the
republics.

"I'm not happy. You have a volatile situation, people need food, and every
passing day is a problem," said Ared Bulbuljian, who is coordinating food
shipments to Armenia for the American Diocese of the Armenian Church.

The church was the first private organization to get a contract from the
Agriculture Department to deliver food from the program Bush announced in
November, and its $ 15 million in commodities is stuck in warehouses or on docks
in the United States. Church officials said they have been frustrated by an
apparent shortage of shipping containers and available ships.

After leaving Washington last week, Russian President Boris Yeltsin expressed
frustration to a Canadian audience that urgent needs of his republic have been
met with a lot of rhetoric in the United States but not much action.

There are multiple reasons behind the delays Yeltsin lamented. First, critics
say, the Bush administration and Congress, worried about political campaigns and
dissatisfaction at home, have been slow to commit sizable resources to the
effort, especially in comparison to the billions of dollars that were devoted to
fighting communism.

Second, it has been time-consuming for the government and private groups to get
organized to spend money already approved. And third, both the government and
private groups continue to struggle with nightmarish logistical difficulties in
transportation and distribution of relief supplies.

"It's been an awful slow start," said Tom Gettman, director of government
relations for World Vision, an international relief organization that has been
sending private aid to families, hospitals and orphanages in the republics and
is now preparing to send some of the U.S. food. "These people have to have
encouragement to hang on. Otherwise, the democratization process will go down a
dark hole."

The 54 U.S. Air Force flights were announced by Secretary of State James A.
Baker III after an international conference here to coordinate assistance. At
the time, Bush pledged the administration would seek $ 645 million this year and
next in additional aid.

But administration officials have not detailed plans for this money and are only
slowly beginning to use what Congress has already approved. The airlift involves
only $ 3 million to $ 5 million of the $ 100 million that Congress last fall
diverted from the defense budget for transporting humanitarian relief. The
administration also is holding talks with Russia and other republics on how to
spend another $ 400 million to help dismantle nuclear warheads.

The bulk of the aid over the last year has been U.S.-backed credit guarantees
allowing the republics to borrow money from U.S. banks to buy surplus American
agricultural commodities.

Baker is expected to face questions on the pace and scope of the relief effort
today when he testifies before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Some
Democrats, including Chairman Claiborne Pell (R.I.) and Joseph R. Biden Jr.
(Del.), are impatient with the U.S. relief program; others, however, have been
reluctant to speak out, concerned about voter backlash in an election year.

"We have a fundamental problem on the ground" that both the administration and
Congress recognize, said a State Department official. "There are no good
answers" to the complex logistical hurdles that have confronted the relief
effort, the official added, short of dropping the food out of airplanes in a
rescue mission like that undertaken for Kurdish refugees last spring.

After Bush announced the $ 165 million in food aid, the Agriculture Department
said the food would be sent and distributed by private groups. The Armenian
Church proposal was attractive because the church already had an establishment
on the ground that could help with distribution, Bulbuljian said. The department
made an "extraordinary effort" to come up with the food in a short period, he
said, including 4,300 metric tons of butter, 1,150 tons of butter oil, 2,150
tons of nonfat dry milk and 3,000 tons of bulgur wheat. The group signed a
contract with the department Dec. 20.

Then it ran into shipping delays.

Meanwhile, the Agriculture Department has announced one other contract out of
the $ 165 million allotted -- this one worth $ 1 million in dried milk for St.
Petersburg schools. Several other efforts are expected to get underway soon.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, ELDERLY MUSCOVITE EATS A COOKED EGG FROM HIGH-PRICED MARKET. NEW
FOOD PRICES HAVE BEEN ESPECIALLY HARD ON PENSIONERS. AFP

TYPE: FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              260 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

               October 2, 1999, Saturday, EARLY AND CITY EDITIONS

Uncertainty centers around farm-relief bill

BYLINE: TOBY ECKERT COPLEY NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 738 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Struggling central Illinois farmers would get a $ 366 million lifeline from the
federal government under legislation moving through Congress.

The House approved the bailout, which totals $ 8.7 billion nationwide, on a
240-175 vote Friday.  The Senate may take up the bill next week, but its
ultimate fate is uncertain.

A top White House official called the aid inadequate, and said some of it may go
to farmers who have not suffered losses.  But it is unclear whether President
Clinton would veto the bill.

Most of the money, $ 7.5 billion, would go to farmers who have seen their
incomes plummet because of low commodity prices, sagging exports and competition
from growers abroad.  The payments would start flowing within two weeks of the
bill becoming law.

According to figures provided by the House Agriculture Committee, the emergency
aid would total more than $ 90 million in Rep. Ray LaHood's district, $ 79.3
million in Rep. John Shimkus' district and $ 87.6 million in Rep. David Phelps'
district.

Figures for other Illinois congressional districts were not immediately
available.

Farm groups said they were happy with the aid but sorely disappointed by other
elements of the bill, including its failure to lift a ban on food sales to Cuba
and other nations that are under U.S.-only embargoes.

"This is a short-term package that farmers have said they need," said Illinois
Farm Bureau President Ron Warfield.  "It does not address many of the long-term
issues we need to address.  Obviously, we're very disappointed about the loss of
the embargo language."

Farm advocates lobbied lawmakers to lift the embargoes, which deprive U.S.
growers of potentially valuable markets. Other nations freely sell grain and
livestock to the targeted countries.

The Senate approved the embargo-lifting provision in August.  But House Speaker
Dennis Hastert, R-Yorkville, and other GOP leaders blocked it because it would
have allowed food sales to Cuba.

Cuban-Americans are an important Republican voting bloc in Florida and other key
states.  Many of them oppose any official dealings with the communist nation.

The embargo dispute derailed negotiations between the House and Senate on the
bill earlier this week.  Republican leaders took over the process and crafted
the bill to their liking.

Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., one of the original negotiators, refused to sign off
on the legislation in protest.

"They asked me to sign a conference report and I've not even seen it," said
Durbin.  "Unless they've cleaned it up, I think it's going to be vetoed
quickly."

Numerous House members, Republican and Democrat, also objected to the
leadership's tactics.  But many of them voted for the bill anyway because of the
turmoil in American agriculture.

"There is a real economic threat in farm country, a threat that could wipe out
many family farmers," said LaHood, R-Peoria.  "Hopefully, this relief plan will
help farmers weather this crisis."

"For this process to work, compromise has to be involved," said Shimkus,
R-Collinsville.  "As important as lifting the embargoes is, getting cash
assistance to the farmers is equally important."

The bailout would come on top of a $ 6 billion emergency farm aid package
approved by Congress last year.  The continuing crisis has raised questions
about the 1996 Freedom to Farm law, which was supposed to gradually end
Depression-era federal agriculture subsidies and production controls.

Some farm groups that were once supportive of the law are calling for a careful
review.  The House Agriculture Committee is expected to examine the issue early
next year.

Illinois farmers were hit hard last year.  Average net farm income there plunged
to $ 11,074 in 1998, from $ 51,048 in 1997, according to an estimate by
University of Illinois researchers.  The outlook is just as bleak this year.

The emergency aid was included in a $ 69 billion agriculture spending bill for
fiscal year 2000, which started Friday.  Other highlights of the aid package
include:

o $ 400 million to reduce the cost of crop insurance, keeping rates at 1999
levels;

o $ 325 million in direct assistance to livestock and dairy farmers;

o Doubling maximum loan deficiency payments, to $ 150,000;

o Requiring meat packers to report prices they pay for cattle and hogs, seen as
a step toward greater price transparency in the increasingly consolidated
industry.


LOAD-DATE: October 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                   Copyright 1999 The State Journal-Register


                              261 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 20, 1991, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

2 Senators Seek to Revive Plan to Divert Pentagon Funds to Soviets

BYLINE: By ROBERT D. HERSHEY Jr.,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 12; Column 3; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 770 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 19


In an effort to break a political impasse, two senior Senators said today that
they had agreed to urge bipartisan revival of a plan to use up to $1 billion
from the defense budget to aid the Soviet Union.

"Let's take the pledge" to avoid injecting the issue into the 1992 campaign,
David L. Boren, an Oklahoma Democrat and a senior member of the Senate
Agriculture Committee, said in outlining the initiative. "It matters too much
for any of us to take cheap shots and make it a campaign issue."

Mr. Boren's main partner in this new effort for a truce that would clear the way
for Soviet aid is Richard G. Lugar of Indiana, the committee's ranking
Republican.

The earlier effort, sponsored by Senator Sam Nunn of Georgia and Representative
Les Aspin of Wisconsin, died a week ago after the White House failed to endorse
it amid mounting charges that it was being overly attentive to foreign affairs.
There was particularly strenuous opposition to a provision that would have
helped retrain Soviet officers at a time when the American economy is struggling
to shake off recession.

Mr. Nunn and Mr. Aspin are both Democrats.

The Senators did not provide any details today of how a new plan would differ
from the old one; it was understood that they would meet over breakfast on
Wednesday with Mr. Nunn, Senator Joseph R. Biden Jr., Senator John W. Warner and
others to plot further strategy. Mr. Biden is a Democrat from Delaware, Mr.
Warner a Republican from Virginia.

A White House representative may also attend. A Senate official said he
understood that Brent Scowcroft, the national security adviser, had expressed
willingness to take part in the effort if a political truce could be arranged.

Democratic leaders had said of the earlier proposal that without a public
expression of support by the White House they would drop it rather than suffer
political repercussions alone.

The original plan, advanced within days of the failed August coup attempt,
called for transferring as much as $1 billion of the military budget into
humanitarian aid to the Soviet Union. A primary aim was to help insure stability
as central authority was eclipsed in the country, which has more than 30,000
nuclear weapons.

As part of the plan, Air Force planes would transport food and medical supplies
this winter, American companies would be given incentives to invest in converted
Soviet military enterprises and there would be a joint effort by the two
countries to destroy Soviet nuclear and chemical weapons.

In a related development, Marlin Fitzwater, the chief White House spokesman,
said today that the Administration would act within days on a much-delayed plan
to send about $1.5 billion worth of food to the Soviet Union.

The White House has repeatedly delayed offering such a package since Agriculture
Secretary Edward Madigan promised in late October that one would be drawn up
within two weeks. This, too, has been a sensitive political subject, drawing,
among other fire, the accusation by some farm state Democrats that the
Administration has misrepresented the true size of an aid request made last
month by President Mikhail S. Gorbachev.

Envoy Expresses Concern

The White House announcement may have been hastened by concern expressed on
Monday by Robert S. Strauss, the American Ambassador in Moscow, about mounting
opposition in this country to aiding the Soviet Union. Mr. Strauss, a longtime
friend and an appointee of President Bush, is a Democrat; he may have provided
some impetus to the revival of the Nunn-Aspin proposal as well as to fashioning
the current aid package.

The main element of the food aid package is some $1.25 billion in guarantees of
bank loans that the Soviets would use to buy American grain. The United States
previously gave the Soviet Union $1 billion worth of loan guarantees last
December and $1.5 billion of guarantees in June; the last of this grain is to be
shipped at the end of this month.

Senator Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont, the chairman of the Agriculture Committee,
promptly assailed the Administration plan to use credit guarantees for long-term
food aid.

"By giving piecemeal foreign aid to the Soviets under the guise of agricultural
credit guarantees, the Administration is playing a deceptive game with American
taxpayers," who bear the ultimate risk of default, Mr. Leahy said. He called for
greater coordination with Europe and Japan, with these countries paying
"substantially more."

As for the Boren-Lugar initiative, the Senators' hope is to have President Bush
convene a Congressional group to produce a deal by early next week.


LOAD-DATE: November 20, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              262 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 23, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

NO SWINE FEVER LINK TO AIDS SEEN

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER

SECTION: Section C; Page 12, Column 5; Science Desk

LENGTH: 734 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 22


Scientists at the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta today said that a
series of blood tests conducted in July and August indicated that a deadly
disease in swine was not related to the spread of AIDS in humans.

In making their findings public, the scientists said they hoped to put to rest a
theory advanced by a small group of researchers in Boston and Florida that the
animal disease, African swine fever, somehow contributed to the transmission of
acquired immune deficiency syndrome.

''We tested the blood from AIDS patients. We tested blood serum from pigs,''
said Dr. Paul Feorino, chief of the Virology Laboratory at the centers, and the
principal investigator. ''The results were absolutely negative for everything.
As far as I'm concerned, there is no evidence to suggest that African swine
fever is involved in AIDS.''

On September 11, eight researchers from the Centers for Disease Control, the
Department of Agriculture, and several other agencies met in Cold Spring Harbor
on Long Island to discuss Dr. Feorino's research. According to Dr. William Hess,
an African swine fever specialist with the Department of Agriculture who
attended the meeting, the group unanimously supported Dr. Feorino's conclusions.
''We agreed that there was no connection between these two viruses,'' said Dr.
Hess. ''Nobody was being dogmatic about it. But this alleged connection has been
causing some problems with people who have been working on AIDS. They felt the
theory has distracted them from the things they should be doing.''

African swine fever, a usually lethal and rapidly transmitted disease in pigs,
has never been found in North America, according to the Department of
Agriculture. Three years ago, Dr. Jane Teas, a disease and population specialist
formerly with the Harvard School of Public Health, wrote a letter to The Lancet,
the British medical journal, suggesting that the swine disease could be related
to the spread of AIDS. In Africa and Haiti, where pigs had been infected with
African swine fever, people soon became sick with AIDS, she said. Moreover, the
symptoms of AIDS in humans closely resembled those of pigs infected by swine
fever.

Last March, Dr. Teas and Dr. John Beldekas, a microbiologist formerly with the
Boston University School of Medicine, collaborated on another letter to The
Lancet asserting that 9 of 21 American AIDS patients they tested had evidence of
the swine fever virus in their blood.

The two researchers traveled to Florida where they tested the blood of domestic
and wild pigs found on a farm near Belle Glade, a poor migrant town where 50
cases of AIDS had been reported.

After a series of laboratory tests, Dr. Beldekas said he had found evidence that
the pigs were infected with swine fever.

In May, the Department of Agriculture dispatched inspectors to two farms in the
area to take blood samples from roughly 150 animals. They concluded that that
while the animals were sick, none had African swine fever.

In mid-July, in an effort to prove or disprove the dispute theory, the C.D.C.
began testing blood from AIDS patients and the blood serum drawn from the pigs
in Belle Glade. The tests were completed in the last week of August, said Dr.
Feorino, and the results will be published in The Lancet within a few months.

Dr. Teas and Dr. Beldekas said today they would like to study Dr. Feorino's
testing procedures. ''I'm continuing my work, said Dr. Beldekas, now an AIDS
researcher with the Massachusetts Health Research Institute in Boston. ''It is
not a dead issue as far as I'm concerned.''

THOUSANDS CALL AIDS HOTLINE

WASHINGTON, Sept. 22 (AP) -Since disclosure of the first drug to help AIDS
sufferers, thousands of people have called a Federal hotline to get more
information, health officials said today. Federal authorities announced Friday
that an experimental drug found to extend the lives of some AIDS patients would
be made available to certain categories of AIDS patients. They stressed,
however, that the drug was not a cure, and that it could have serious side
effects.

The National Institutes of Health said a special telephone hotline established
to answer questions about the drug, azidothymidine or AZT, had received more
than 3,500 calls from patients and physicians between Friday and Monday. The
Federal hotline number is (800) 843-9388. It operates daily from 8 A.M. until
midnight, Eastern time.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              263 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                  March 27, 2003 Thursday, RT. 9 WEST EDITION

Garage plans are still in gear;
 Warren voters to decide on borrowing

BYLINE: J.P. Ellery; CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 779 words

DATELINE: WARREN



- Town officials plan to ask voters to spend $900,000 to build a highway garage
despite the possibility of sizable reductions in state aid.

Warren has been trying for nearly 15 years to move its Highway Department from
leased quarters off Albany Street in West Warren, facilities that have been
described as inadequate and antiquated.

In November, voters agreed to spend $110,000 to purchase a 7.25-acre tract off
Route 19, near Pine Grove Cemetery. An ad hoc committee is moving forward with
plans to construct a metal building there to serve as a highway garage. Those
plans include a request at the May annual town meeting to borrow the $900,000.

Selectmen Michael A. Smith and Donald G. Nickerson said yesterday that the plan
is to borrow the $900,000 for the highway garage from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture at a low interest rate for 40 years. They said the debt will have a
minimal effect on the town's overall annual operating budget.

At their meeting Tuesday, selectmen said the town could be in its worst
financial situation in recent memory if state lawmakers fail to increase local
aid to cities and towns.

''I think we're going to ride out the storm until we get the final (aid) figures
from the state,'' Mr. Smith said yesterday.

The state has serious fiscal problems. Gov. Mitt Romney and state lawmakers have
talked about various ways to deal with a $3 billion state budget shortfall.

Selectmen are concerned about a projected loss of roughly $700,000 in state
lottery funds, Mr. Smith said. Another plan being discussed by legislative
leaders, he said, would mean a potential reduction of 15 percent to 20 percent
in other state aid programs for fiscal 2004 compared with the amount received
for fiscal 2003.

Selectmen also learned Monday that the town's assessment as a member town in the
Quaboag Regional School District has increased by more than $250,000 because of
a cut in state aid to education.

If the town has to live with a 15 percent to 20 percent cut in local aid, Mr.
Smith said, the Quaboag Regional School District also will feel that reduction
on top of the loss in funds earmarked for education.

''The schools are going to have to take that cut, too,'' he said. ''They're
going to have to eat the 15 to 20 percent. We're (municipal government) not
going to be the only ones doing this.''

The Quaboag Regional School District budget of just over $12 million for fiscal
2004 calls for the layoff of 21 school personnel, including 17 teachers.

The town may have to look at laying off police, fire, highway and administrative
personnel if the fiscal situation fails to improve, Mr. Smith said.

An increase in the local property tax rate is also in the mix of possibilities,
he said.

Mr. Nickerson said it is still early in the state budgetary process, but he is
pessimistic. ''It is very doubtful that anything is going to be changed,'' he
said. ''If anything, we may even see more of a cut.''

Selectmen are considering moving the date of the annual town meeting to coincide
with the annual town meeting in neighboring West Brookfield, which is the other
town in the Quaboag Regional School District.

West Brookfield is scheduled to hold its annual town meeting on May 13 and
Warren is set to meet on May 14.

Mr. Smith said he would like to have Warren's annual town meeting moved up to
May 13 so West Brookfield's vote on the Quaboag Regional School budget will not
influence the vote in Warren.

West Brookfield selectmen are dealing with a shortfall of $230,000 as the town
prepares its fiscal 2004 operating budget.

West Brookfield Selectman Thomas H. Long said a meeting will be set up next week
with the town's Advisory Board in an effort to cut funds from various town
departments.

Warren selectmen also announced Tuesday that Richard Hamelin and Garine
Arakelian, his wife, have resigned from the Community Center Restoration
Committee.

The committee is trying to convince the town that purchasing and renovating the
former Community Center on Main Street in West Warren would be a smart move.

The two resignations were prompted by a difference of opinion among committee
members, Mr. Hamelin said. He declined to specify what those differing views
were, but said he and his wife still supported the work of the committee and
would continue to assist in seeing the project become a reality.

The restoration committee has proposed that the town purchase the vacant
community center building for $125,000 to $140,000 and spend as much as $1
million to renovate it into a combination police station, library, senior center
annex and community center.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2003 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              264 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     January 9, 1990, Tuesday, City Edition

Farmers praised, Congress criticized as Bush visits Florida

BYLINE: CHRIS LAVIN

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 849 words

DATELINE: ORLANDO



ORLANDO - President Bush visited here Monday bringing a political    boost for a
friendly governor, words of comfort for farmers and a few    words of criticism
for Congress.

     Bush was accompanied by Florida Gov. Bob Martinez on the flight    from
Washington and throughout the three-hour visit.

     Bush also toured Epcot Center while punctuating his visit with    short
discussions with Martinez about pressing federal issues in    Florida.

     In a news conference after the president's departure, Martinez said    Bush
pledged his administration's help for Florida farmers hurt by the    Christmas
freeze and had directed Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter    to personally
oversee the effort. But Martinez said specifics on the    federal aid would have
to await documentation of the damage.

     Martinez said he again told Bush that Florida opposes off-shore oil
drilling along the state's coastline and is concerned the state's    citrus
industry could be hurt if U.S. citrus import tariffs are    eliminated before
foreign governments take a similar step.

     Bush didn't tip his hand on the off-shore oil or tariff issues,    Martinez
said.

     "I didn't get any guarantees," he said. "But we feel optimistic    because
he knew what I had to say and he was willing to meet to discuss    it."

     Martinez acknowledged that the president's visit could give him a
political boost this election year and he said he expects another boost    when
Bush visits Miami on Jan. 19 for a Martinez fund-raiser.

     "That's why we Republicans work real hard to get a Republican
president," Martinez said.

     Bush was among friends again as he addressed the 7,000 farmers at    the
American Farm Bureau Federation's gathering. He got long and loud    applause
for his positions on a wide variety of farm issues and for his    decision to
send troops into Panama.

     Bush pledged to protect farmers by working to keep interest rates    low,
foreign markets open to U.S. goods and by pushing again for a cut    in the
capital gains tax - a move he said would greatly benefit farmers    who have so
much invested in land and machinery.

     Capital gains are the profits from the sale of assets or    investments,
primarily stocks and bonds, but his proposed capital gains    cut also would
apply to the sale of farmland.

     Bush abandoned his kinder, gentler tone when he shifted his focus    to the
upcoming congressional session. Bush clearly was blaming    Congress for
dragging its feet on farm issues, his capital gains    proposal and other crime
and clean air proposals.

     "Getting a good farm bill through Congress is like milking a    bull," Bush
said to much laughter from his agrarian audience.

     "A year has passed and it is past time for Congress to tend to    some
unfinished business," Bush said.

     Bush also got loud applause when he called on Congress to pass his    Crime
Control Act "that has been sitting on Capitol Hill for months."

     Though Bush told the farmers the fight for the cut in capital gains    tax
"isn't over yet," many supporters of his proposal in Washington    were more
optimistic.

     The New York Times reported Monday that congressional leaders are
conceding they don't have the votes to block the capital gains cut this    year
and that debate now seems to center on how big the cut would be    and what form
it would take.

     That would come as good news to many of the small farmers - like    Cecile
and Marcel LaRoche of northern Vermont - who after a decade of    turmoil on
America's farms, had come to the Farm Bureau meeting this    year with a short
but critical list of problems.

     Farm prices were stabilizing and seemed adequate, the LaRoches    said, but
small farmers are now facing another crisis as they age.

     The LaRoches would like to sell their farm to their son and retire    on
the proceeds. But they say in recent years the price of farmland has
skyrocketed beyond their son's means.

     "Even if he could borrow the money, with interest rates today he
couldn't make a go of it," Cecile LaRoche said.

      "And if we sell it to some corporation, the capital gains tax    could
take our retirement money," said Marcel LaRoche.

     So hearing of a possible capital gains tax cut was some comfort to    the
aging farmers here, but many said they wished Bush had spoken more    directly
to this threat to the future of the small family farm.

     "For once I would like to hear someone talk about us," Mrs.    LaRoche
said. "We have to find a way to pass our farms on. The farm
 crisis isn't over for us or our children."

 - Information from the Los Angeles Times was used in this report.



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Fred Victorin; President Bush addresses a friendly
gathering of 7,000 during an appearance Monday at the American Farm Bureau
Federation convention in Orlando.

                            Times Publishing Company


                              265 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      AUGUST 11, 1999 Wednesday SF EDITION

N.J. IS DECLARED A FARM DISASTER AREA FARMERS ARE ELIGIBLE FOR LOW-INTEREST
FEDERAL LOANS. PA. SEEKS SUCH RELIEF

BYLINE: Suzette Parmley, INQUIRER TRENTON BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1138 words

DATELINE: TRENTON


With crop losses spiraling upward and a growing sense of urgency throughout the
region, the U.S. Department of Agriculture yesterday declared New Jersey a farm
disaster area. Farmers in 10 Pennsylvania counties also became eligible for
federal low-interest loans.

The declaration came one week after Gov. Whitman and members of the New Jersey
congressional delegation appealed to U.S. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman for
a statewide disaster designation.

On Monday, Gov. Ridge asked Glickman for the same designation for Pennsylvania.
The state's two Republican senators and the state agriculture secretary met with
farmers near Hershey yesterday, and said they were confident the state would
qualify for federal relief.

"The question is what form is that assistance going to take, and that's really
what the battle is ahead of us," said U.S. Sen. Rick Santorum, who met with the
farmers along with U.S. Sen. Arlen Specter, Pennsylvania Agriculture Secretary
Samuel Hayes Jr., and U.S. Rep. George Gekas (R., Pa.).

Connecticut, Maryland, Ohio and Virginia also are seeking farm-disaster
designations.

While Delaware has not requested the designation, Gov. Thomas Carper declared a
drought emergency Thursday in the northern part of the state, which means
mandatory water-use restrictions are in effect. The southern portion is under a
drought warning, and residents there are being asked to conserve water
voluntarily.

With the growing number of states enduring drought conditions, President Clinton
last week announced the formation of a task force to help coordinate efforts
nationally to tackle the crisis.

"This has been a devastating year for farmers all over the Northeast," Glickman
said while touring a family farm in Romulus, N.Y., where he made yesterday's
declaration. "They've been hit with a double whammy - a horrible drought on top
of record-low farm prices."

Glickman also declared 34 counties in New York agricultural disaster areas
yesterday. The decree also allows farmers in counties bordering on the region to
obtain the emergency low-interest loans. As a result, farmers in 10 Pennsylvania
border counties qualified for drought-relief loans yesterday. The counties on
the list were Bucks, Delaware, Monroe, Northampton, Philadelphia, Pike,
Bradford, Potter, Susquehanna and Tioga.

Last week, Glickman issued a similar declaration for West Virginia, which also
allowed four counties in southwest Pennsylvania - Beaver, Fayette, Greene and
Washington - to qualify.

With the disaster designation, farmers in New Jersey are eligible for assistance
programs under the USDA's Farm Service Agency. They have eight months to apply
for emergency, low-interest loans of up to $500,000 to help cover some of their
production and labor losses.

To be eligible for the loans, farmers must have suffered at least a 30 percent
loss in production in a single crop, be able to repay the loan and any other
loans, be unable to obtain credit elsewhere, and have adequate security.

Of New Jersey's 21 counties, 19 had sufficient production losses to warrant the
designation, according to state officials. Farmers in the two adjoining counties
- Hudson and Union - also are eligible for the loans.

A preliminary assessment by the state Agriculture Department last week estimated
that nearly 406,000 acres on more than 7,000 farms throughout New Jersey had
sustained crop losses of between 30 percent and 100 percent, at a cost exceeding
$80 million.

Assembly Speaker Jack Collins (R., Salem) and Assemblyman Jack Gibson (R.,
Atlantic) said last week that they would introduce legislation in the fall to
provide $15 million in loans and grants to aid New Jersey farmers.

New Jersey's secretary of agriculture, Arthur Brown, said farmers would need
more from the federal government than loans.

"Certainly, I am very happy with the turnaround time to get this request through
because it's extremely important for the agriculture community," Brown said
yesterday. "The loan program is certainly nice and can be utilized by farmers to
a certain extent to restructure their debt. But some are already so heavily in
debt because of two back-to-back drought seasons. For this group, additional
debt is not the answer."

Mike Maccarone, 38, a Swedesboro vegetable farmer, echoed Brown's concerns. The
drought, he said, has nearly wiped him out financially.

Loan assistance "is just not going to do it for a lot of people," Maccarone
said. "It is something, but it is still a loan. You still have to pay it back,
and in years like this, there is no profit to pay it back with."

Maccarone, who farms tomatoes, pickles, peppers, squash and cucumbers on 300
acres, said he had turned a small profit on tomatoes, which came in early - but
that was about it.

"If it wasn't for that, we wouldn't be able to pay our bills," he said. "Squash
and cucumbers didn't sell for anything this year. You can barely give the stuff
away. We've never seen a drought like this - ever."

Whitman yesterday sought help from Congress to include emergency-aid grants for
crop losses in the $7.4 billion Agriculture Department appropriations bill,
which passed the Senate and will be taken up by the House in the fall. The bill
is geared to aid farmers in several mid-Atlantic states but does not include
financial relief for farmers in New Jersey.

"Unfortunately, this traditional disaster assistance cannot adequately respond
to this year's unexpected economic impact on New Jersey's farm families and
agricultural industry," Whitman wrote to House Speaker J. Dennis Hastert (R.,
Ill.).

Democratic Sens. Frank Lautenberg and Robert Torricelli are also appealing to
colleagues in Washington to provide emergency grants for New Jersey in the
federal bill.

Late yesterday, Santorum visited a 600-acre farm in Nockamixon Township, Upper
Bucks County, with State Sen. Joseph Conti (R., Bucks) to make a pitch for
grants and direct cash payments to Pennsylvania farmers.

"Disaster cash assistance is still an open question," Santorum said as a light
rain fell on the withered cornfield where he stood. "I think that we will have a
disaster-assistance bill coming out of Congress that will include money for
low-interest loans, but the last thing Pennsylvania farmers need is more loans."

FOR MORE INFORMATION To qualify for federal assistance, farmers should contact
their regional office of the U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency.
In Burlington, Camden and Ocean Counties, call 609-267-1639. In Cumberland,
Atlantic and Cape May Counties, call 609-205-1225. In Salem and Gloucester
Counties, call 609-769-1126.

* Inquirer staff writer Lacy McCrary and suburban staff writer Melody McDonald
contributed to this article. It also contains information from the Associated
Press.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       AUGUST 5, 1999 Thursday SF EDITION

WITH CROP PRICES AND WATER LEVELS LOW, SENATE OKS FARM AID TALKS WITH THE HOUSE
ARE NEXT. SOME LAWMAKERS WANT MORE HELP FOR GROWERS HURT BY A GRAIN GLUT AND
DROUGHT.

BYLINE: Gail Gibson, INQUIRER WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 478 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Senate approved more than $7 billion in emergency relief yesterday for
farmers suffering through a season of low prices and dry weather.

But producers will have to wait for the political dust to settle before they see
the money.

The House has yet to craft its own relief package for the slumping U.S.
agriculture economy. And despite an 89-8 vote on the Senate Republican plan,
Democrats and the White House say it does not do enough to help farmers.

Most notably, the Senate plan does not include specific disaster relief for
farmers in Eastern states who are feeling the effects of the summer's long
drought. Sen. Thad Cochran (R., Miss.), who crafted the package, said that issue
would be worked out in the fall between House and Senate negotiators.

"We think we have created here a fair program for all farmers," said Cochran,
who called the package a "strong commitment."

Speaker J. Dennis Hastert (R., Ill.) has said the House was committed to taking
action as well, putting Congress on track to pass what would be a record farm
aid package. Last year, the President signed a farm relief bill worth nearly $6
billion.

The Senate's aid package includes roughly $5.5 billion in direct payments to
growers of major grain crops such as corn and wheat. It also includes $475
million for soybean growers and $400 million in subsidies for crop insurance.

The plan aims primarily to boost farm incomes, suffering this year from low
prices brought on by a glut in grain stocks at the same time that global demand
has decreased.

Democrats began the debate Tuesday arguing that nearly $11 billion was needed to
help growers. But Senate Republicans, who offered an original package worth $6.7
billion, held firm. They bumped it up Tuesday only to include the $400 million
to help more farmers buy crop insurance.

A Democratic proposal to include $500 million in disaster aid for farmers hit by
the worst drought the Mid-Atlantic states have faced in decades also was
rejected.

The aid plan is part of a broader, $61 billion agriculture spending bill for the
next fiscal year. The overall bill was approved by voice vote last night. The
relief package had been among the main sticking points.

Sen. Byron Dorgan (D., N.D.) yesterday compared the Republican package to
throwing a short rope to a drowning person. It is a "nice gesture," Dorgan said,
"but it's not a lifesaving gesture."

Several farm groups also had sought more money. The National Farmers Union
called the Senate plan a "good first step" but said more help was needed.

At the White House yesterday, spokesman Joe Lockhart called the farm bailout
plan "clearly inadequate." He said Congress should find a fix for the 1996
"Freedom to Farm" act, blaming that legislation for providing few protections
for farmers when prices are low.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 5, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

FARMERS PLAN A NATIONAL MEETING TO OPPOSE NEW REAGAN POLICIES

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 32, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 597 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 4


Representatives of several leading farm organizations said today that they had
received a $250,000 grant from Farm Aid Inc., organizers of last year's farm
benefit concert, to finance a national farm policy convention in September in
St. Louis.

The announcement of the three-day United Farmer and Rancher Congress, to be held
Sept. 11-13, was made Thursday at a news conference in Austin, Tex., near where
another Farm Aid concert was performed today.

Representatives of the National Farmers Union, the American Agriculture
Movement, the North American Farm Alliance, the National Farmers Organization
and the National Save the Family Farm Coalition said their groups supported the
congress and hoped it would lead to proposals to change current Federal farm
policy.

The American Farm Bureau Federation, the nation's largest farm group, which
strongly supports current farm policy, has declined to participate in the
congress.

Reagan Policies Spur Meeting

Leaders said the meeting was being organized to express growing discontent with
the Reagan Administration's new farm program.

Economists say the program, based on lowering domestic commodity prices for
better competition on the world market, has not reversed the farm depression,
which has been primarily caused by failing export sales.

Last May, the United States imported more food than it exported, the first
monthly farm trade deficit since 1971.

''Obviously things are falling apart,'' said Doug Zabel, a spokesman for the
congress. ''People are going broke. Banks are folding. Foreclosures are
increasing. And this law, the most expensive in history, hasn't done anything to
help family farmers. If this farm law lasts five years, there won't be anybody
left in the countryside.''

The September congress will not be the first time farmers have held national
meetings in periods of crisis.

Influential 1892 Farm Meeting

Perhaps the most famous farm congress was held in 1892 in St. Louis and resulted
in the founding of the Populist Party was founded. Four years later, the party's
candidate for President, William Jennings Bryan, nearly defeated the Republican
candidate, William McKinley.

Most congresses, however, have not been nearly as celebrated or as influential,
according to Dr. Wayne Rasmussen, chief historian at the Department of
Agriculture. ''These kinds of conventions crop up every three or four years,''
he said, ''and they have some effect because they draw attention to a problem.
But after they end, ordinarily there is no follow-up and the whole political
movement falls to pieces.''

Farm Aid leaders asserted today that the St. Louis congress might play more of a
role in influencing policy than any in recent memory. It will come less than two
months before elections, and many Republicans are afraid that the farm crisis
could determine whether the party maintains control of the Senate. ----Concert
Draws 45,000 MANOR, Tex., July 4 (UPI) - About 45,000 music fans and supporters
of the American family farm crowded a race track today for the second Farm Aid
concert, organized by the country singer Willie Nelson.

Don Johnson, star of the television show ''Miami Vice'' was one of the guest
hosts for the 18-hour show.

''Contrary to what you all might think, I wasn't born in the back seat of a
Ferrari in a white suit down in Miami,'' Mr. Johnson said. ''I was born on a
little farm right up the road here in Missouri. My family were all farmers. I
was raised on a farm. My dad and I -we made out O.K. but there are a lot of
farmers out there not having that luck.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Willie Nelson and Steve Fromholtz performing (AP)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              268 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 19, 2015 Monday

Head Line: US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri) Issues
Solicitation for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 129 words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Purchase of Empty Bags for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAE-S-16-0002

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: October 19, 2015

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAE-S-16-0002 (2000003656) for 50kg empty
woven polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Delivery basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 314

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Julie Stephen, Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-6524


LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                              270 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 11, 2007 Thursday

FEMA expands list for federal aid

BYLINE: Margie Wood, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 339 words


Jan. 11--The Federal Emergency Management Agency has expanded the list of
Southern Colorado counties qualifying for snow emergency assistance because of
the second blizzard that struck the area the week after Christmas, Sen. Wayne
Allard's office announced Wednesday.

Emergency declarations issued last weekend by President Bush included 13
counties qualifying for aid following a pre-Christmas blizzard, but only Otero
County qualified for aid after the second blizzard. Sean Conway, chief of staff
for Allard, R-Colo., said the senator has been working with FEMA to expand the
declaration and learned late Wednesday that Pueblo, Bent, Prowers and Baca
counties now have been qualified for aid for the second blizzard, and Crowley
County likely will qualify as well.

Conway explained the process: "Once a county provides information to the state
(about expenses for snow removal and sheltering of people), the governor can
just write to FEMA to add those counties to the original declaration."

He added that FEMA "has just bent over backwards to help these people."

Last week, Allard introduced legislation to allow the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's commodities program to reimburse ranchers for livestock lost in
the back-to-back blizzards.

FEMA aid at this point is limited to reimbursing local governments for their
expenses in blizzard recovery. FEMA is excluded from offering aid to
agricultural producers for their losses, because that is the purview of the
USDA.

"We're also working with USDA to determine what programs are available to help,"
Conway said. "The biggest challenge is getting people directed to the right
programs. We know this is going to be a long-term issue for those cow-calf
operations out on the plains."

Copyright (c) 2007, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070111-PB-0111-FEMA-expands-list-for-federal-aid

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2007 The Pueblo Chieftain

                              271 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              May 23, 2010 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

Program starts food fight;
Senators complain about aid to small, local growers

BYLINE: McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 386 words


WASHINGTON - There's a food fight under way between Congress and the Agriculture
Department, and it's about small potatoes - organic small potatoes.

Big ones, too - and peas, beans, beef, poultry and melons. Just about anything
that's farm-raised and edible.

Three Republican senators have complained that a USDA effort to educate the
public about where food comes from slights "conventional farmers who produce the
vast majority of our nation's food supply."

Sens. Pat Roberts of Kansas, John McCain of Arizona and Saxby Chambliss of
Georgia complained in a recent letter to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack that
his agency spent $65 million last year on a program "aimed at small, hobbyist
and organic producers whose customers generally consist of affluent patrons at
urban farmers markets."

The USDA calls the program "Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food." It has no money
of its own, but the agency has spent other federal agricultural dollars to
further its goals, including farm bill funds to aid locally grown food projects.
These include grants to support farmers markets in Kansas and California, crop
productivity and management efforts in Missouri and Alaska, and organic
agriculture research in North Carolina and Washington state.

Bruce Babcock, an economist and the director of the Cen-ter for Agricultural and
Rural Development at Iowa State University, said it was "ironic" that the
senators and others objected to the USDA spending $65 million on "Know Your
Farmer" when commodity producers received $5 billion during the past twoyears,
and the crop insurance industry got $7 billion. "We should welcome alternative
producers if we want to see entrepreneurship grow in rural America," Babcock
said.

Dan Nagengast, the executive director of the Kansas Rural Center, said critics
have ignored the program's larger goals: To spread the word about the economic
value of local food production and thereby preserve America's rural heritage.

"Cultivating these new markets - not replacing old ones - is critical to
revitalizing rural America," Vilsack wrote to Roberts, McCain and Chambliss.

About 40,000 midsize farms disappeared between 2002 and 2007, according to the
U.S. Census. For many, it's too costly to compete. They're too big to market
their own goods directly, but often not big enough to use wholesale.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              272 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 4, 1999 Wednesday

Heat wave withers prospects for record U.S. grain harvest  Large crops still
expected, but some retail food prices starting to rise

BYLINE: SCOTT KILMAN The Wall Street Journal; WSJ

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: THE WALL STREET JOURNAL; Pg. B12

LENGTH: 586 words

DATELINE: Chicago


Prospects for record U.S. grain harvests are evaporating in the wake of a
Midwest heat wave and a stubborn drought across the East.

Midwest farmers are still expected to harvest such large crops this autumn that
food inflation is expected to remain mild, but some retail food prices are
beginning to rise.

Donald Ratajczak, director of the economic forecasting centre at Georgia State
University, said the drought prompted him to raise his outlook for food
inflation this year to 2.5 per cent from the 2.2-per-cent rise he predicted in
early July.

Still, crop prices remain at unprofitable levels for many Midwest farmers, and
few economists see a big improvement soon. Foreign demand for U.S. crops remains
weak, and Midwest grain elevators are stuffed with the remnants of a three-year
string of bumper harvests. Midwest grain handlers are already preparing to store
the autumn harvests outdoors on the ground.

Without the massive farm aid already slated for growers this year, net farm
income would quickly sink to half of what it was in 1996, when the farm economy
was riding high on an export boom.

The U.S. Agriculture Department expects net farm income of $43.8-billion (U.S.)
this year, of which $16.6-billion is government payments that have already been
earmarked. Even more aid is coming. The Senate is debating multibillion-dollar
bailout packages that could push annual farm aid toward the record levels spent
during the mid-1980s farm debt crisis.

Meanwhile, the Northeast drought is slashing the supply of vegetables for
canning companies. Retail milk prices will probably rise later this year,
because the drought is scorching key dairy states from Pennsylvania to Vermont.

Some dairy officials say milk production will probably climb only 2 per cent
this year, instead of the 4 per cent they originally had forecast. Northeastern
cows are producing less milk, because the drought is making them physically
uncomfortable as well as turning their pastures brown.

The Chicago Mercantile Exchange's milk futures contract for September delivery
settled at $16.81 per hundred pounds of milk, up 6 cents on the day for a
33-per-cent rise since late April.

Grain analysts cut their harvest forecasts by hundreds of millions of bushels
for the nation's two biggest crops -- corn and soybeans -- after an Agriculture
Department survey showed that last week's triple-digit temperatures across the
Farm Belt caused greater-than-expected damage to Midwest fields.

The government's weekly survey showed that on Sunday, 57 per cent of soybean
fields in the 19 biggest-producing states were in good to excellent condition,
down from 65 per cent the previous week. The per cent of the corn crop in
good-to-excellent condition in the 17 biggest-producing states sank to 63 per
cent from 70 per cent the previous week.

Before the late July heat wave, which lasted for 12 days in some Plains states,
some analysts had expected corn farmers to harvest as many as 9.9 billion
bushels. That would be the second-largest crop on record.

Although cooler temperatures have returned to the Midwest, the damage done to
the corn crop is almost impossible to reverse. The heat wave hit during the
crop's pollination stage, when weather can have the biggest influence on yield.
At the same time, analysts said prospects for the corn crop aren't likely to
worsen much more.

Analysts didn't cut their soybean harvest estimates as steeply because the
soybean plant continues to flower through August, which gives it a chance to
replace damaged pods.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1999 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              273 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 13, 2013 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Food Aid Reforms

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTER; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 216 words


To the Editor:

Re ''Proposal for Changes in Food Aid Sets Off Infighting in Congress'' (news
article, May 3): American taxpayers' food aid dollars should go to help starving
people, not line the pockets of special interests. That's why the reform
proposal for allowing the local purchase of food for aid represents the best
policy.

More than half the money for foreign food aid in the form of grain goes to
shipping and procurement. Local purchase of food will cut out middlemen and
deliver food to the hungry weeks faster. Four million more hungry people can be
fed if the rules are reformed.

Representative Robert B. Aderholt, chairman of the House Appropriations
subcommittee on agriculture, worries that reform would hurt American farmers.
But food aid currently accounts for less than 1 percent of American agricultural
exports.

''Exports via food aid are a small drop in the market,'' Veronica Nigh of the
American Farm Bureau Federation told Reuters. ''Our concern is less about
decreasing an important revenue stream for U.S. agriculture. It's more about the
loss of a sense of pride.''

Surely Congress can shore up American agriculture's sense of pride without
letting four million people starve.

JONATHAN ZASLOFF Los Angeles, May 7, 2013

The writer is a professor at the U.C.L.A. School of Law.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/13/opinion/food-aid-reforms.html

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company

                              274 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     JANUARY 21, 2000 Friday CWEST EDITION

HELP LIKELY FOR FRUIT FARMS AFFLICTED BY PLUM POX VIRUS PEACH AND NECTARINE
FARMS NEAR GETTYSBURG WERE INFESTED LAST YEAR. FEDERAL AID MAY BE FORTHCOMING.

BYLINE: Walter F. Naedele, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 313 words


U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman has authorized federal compensation
for peach and nectarine farms near Gettysburg, Pa., hit by the devastating plum
pox virus, Sen. Rick Santorum (R., Pa.) said yesterday.

Glickman signed an emergency declaration Wednesday and intends to announce it
soon, Santorum said in an interview from his Washington office.

The declaration does not provide funding or a timetable for funding, said
Santorum, a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee. Instead, he said, it
makes Pennsylvania fruit growers eligible for federal assistance.

The Agriculture Department will work with the Office of Management and Budget to
determine whether money is available in the current USDA budget or whether
emergency congressional legislation is needed, he said.

The proposal provides money for several years, Santorum said, because after
infested orchards are cleared, it will take time for newly planted trees, free
of the plum pox, to mature and bear fruit.

Susan McAvoy, the Agriculture Department's deputy press secretary,did not
confirm Santorum's statements. But she said in a telephone interview that the
USDA would soon make an announcement involving plum pox.

In a November interview, John M. Halbrendt, a Pennsylvania State University
pathologist investigating the infestation, said: "It's going to be devastating
to the fruit industry [in the state]. They're going to lose a huge chunk of
their income."

The pox, discovered on a fruit-sorting line in Adams County in September, makes
fruit trees barren but does not harm consumers.

The infestation has been found so far on the farms of four growers in the
Gettysburg area.

The loss - the value of which has not been estimated - could be significant
because Pennsylvania is the nation's fourth-largest peach producer, after
California, South Carolina and Georgia.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              275 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           August 30, 2006 Wednesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

DIGEST

BYLINE: FROM NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 231 words


WASHINGTON

Nearly $800 million in drought aid promised

The government promised nearly $800 million in aid Tuesday to ranchers and
farmers stricken by a near-record drought.

Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns announced the aid while visiting a ranch in
South Dakota, one of the states hardest hit by drought and heat. Farmers are
struggling in the Plains, the South and, to a lesser degree, the Upper Midwest.

The secretary said 64 percent of the nation's beef cows and breeding stock are
in drought-stricken areas and many ranchers are being forced to cull their
herds. Drought is also stressing fields of cotton, wheat, sorghum, peanuts and
other crops.

Last month was the hottest July since the Dust Bowl in 1936. Drought has
approached records in many parts of the country, where conditions have been
driest from May through June since 1988.

DETROIT

Man is charged with killing seven prostitutes

A man suspected of killing seven prostitutes over the past five years was
charged with murder Tuesday. Police said he is a suspect in as many as 14 deaths
in the city since 1999.

Shelly Andre Brooks, 37, is charged with seven counts of premeditated murder and
seven counts of felony murder.

The seven victims ranged in age from 30 to 53 and were drug users, police said.
All were raped, beaten to death, and their bodies were left on the city's east
side, some in buildings, others in vacant lots.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              276 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 7, 2008 Wednesday

Counties seeking farm aid: April freeze squeezes profits for Yuba-Sutter growers

BYLINE: Howard Yune, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 392 words


May 7--Sutter County farmers lost at least $35.7 million in peaches, prunes and
nuts killed by an April frost -- the leading edge of crop losses that could lead
to federal aid for Mid-Valley growers.

Damage from the freeze wiped out $15.6 million worth of English walnuts, $9.7
million in dried plums and $9.4 million of cling peaches, according to figures
released by the Sutter County Department of Agriculture.

The agency has applied to the state Office of Emergency Services for disaster
declarations for the crops. That step would lead the U.S. Department of
Agriculture to decide whether to provide aid for local farmers, such as
low-interest loans to replace some of the lost crop sales.

Unseasonable cold settled over the North State early on April 21, plunging
temperatures into the 20s in much of Yuba-Sutter -- nearly 20 degrees below the
30-year average for that date. Frost destroyed numerous nuts and fruits, most of
them early in their development, and farmers said the full extent of their
losses may only become known during summer harvests.

In Yuba County, agriculture officials are seeking federal aid for a wide range
of local growers. The county has applied for state disaster status on at least
nine local crops, according to Kevin Roush, assistant agriculture director.

Frost damage in Yuba County struck not only the mainstay tree fruits and nuts
but numerous other crops, including persimmons, kiwi fruit and even wine grapes
in the eastern foothills. County farming officials are still checking on smaller
farms and may apply for disaster status on more crops, Roush said Tuesday.

How many businesses will lose revenue and have to cut jobs due to the freeze
remains unknown. Sutter County's reported loss covers only direct damage to
plants and not to farm-linked employers, such as trucking firms and banks.

Contact Appeal-Democrat reporter Howard Yune at 458-2121, 749-4708 or
hyune@appealdemocrat.com

To see more of the Appeal-Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.appeal-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080507-MY-Counties-seeking-farm-aid-0507

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MY


                         Copyright 2008 Appeal-Democrat

                              277 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 6, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Agriculture vs. the Merchant Marine

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 292 words


To the Editor:

Though less than 5 percent of our exports and imports are carried in U.S. ships,
special interests in Washington, notably the agriculture lobby, are urging
repeal of the cargo-preference law requiring 50 percent of U.S. foreign-aid
cargoes to be carried in U.S. ships. Lobbyists for agriculture complain that the
higher freight rates on U.S. ships are unfair to farmers.

Only on some foreign ships, mostly Liberian and Panamanian, are rates
significantly cheaper. British, French, West German and Scandinavian freight
rates - and even the Soviet Union's when it suits the Russians' purposes -
usually approximate those of U.S. shippers. A Liberian or Panamanian shipper
will undercut a competitor on a foreign-aid cargo if there is a chance of
obtaining another cargo, a profitable one, at the port of destination. U.S.
vessels, with their higher costs, cannot afford to do this.

It is ironic that agriculture, the recipient of billions in Government
subsidies, should seek repeal of a law without which U.S. ships would all but
disappear from the sea lanes. The industry now carries less than 5 percent of
our foreign commerce. It has lost the entire passenger and cruise trade
operating in the Caribbean from U.S. ports and has dwindled from more than 2,000
ships at the end of World War II to fewer than 300 today.

Representative Helen Delich Bentley of Maryland, a former member of the Maritime
Commission, has stated: ''Destruction or serious reduction of the
cargo-preference law would be a fatal blow to the U.S. merchant marine. Our
agricultural industry is not threatened with extinction, but most assuredly, our
U.S. merchant marine is.'' JAMES R. BOLAND Philadelphia, May 28, 1985 The writer
is a retired ship captain.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company

                              278 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 27, 1983, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

NEW YORK DAY BY DAY

BYLINE: By Robin Herman and Laurie Johnston

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 178 words


The Cost of Free Food

I t's not cheap to give away free food, as Operation Lifeline found when it
distributed 2.8 million pounds of cheese last year under the Department of
Agriculture's dairy surplus program.

With an 11 million-pound allotment this year, the coalition of nonprofit
charities says a three-month distribution effort starting next week may cost
$26,000. Some politicians have called for a halt to the program unless the
Federal Government finances the whole operation. Distribution expenses are now
left to the states and charities.

But Ollie Bee Boddie, executive director of Operation Lifeline and the United
Food Bank in the South Bronx, says a $100 contribution from each of perhaps 300
member organizations in the five boroughs would cover the cost.

The demand for the processed American cheese (one pound to a person) is
unabated. ''As a food bank, we serve people all year round,'' Mr. Boddie said.
''There's a lot of people out there who are hungry. I could have a million
pounds of food here and it would go. I can't have too much.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company

                              279 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     May 27, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

NATION IN BRIEF;
 Disaster aid checks to go out to farmers

BYLINE: From our news services

SOURCE: Journal

SECTION: News; Pg. 22a

LENGTH: 477 words

Farmers waiting for $ 2.3 billion in emergency disaster aid will begin to see
checks next week, Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman told a Senate Agriculture
hearing in Washington today.

Payments to about 260,000 farmers will begin on Tuesday. Glickman and his agency
have been widely criticized for the delay in distributing the money, which was
included in a $ 6 billion farm bailout passed in October.

Glickman has maintained that the massive aid package, which included provisions
for everyone from dairy to grain farmers, was ''complex'' to administer.

The agency distributed $ 2.8 billion in payments to compensate for low prices
shortly after the package was passed. But distributing the $ 2.3 billion in
disaster payments, which cover disasters and disease, was burdensome, officials
have said.

FTC investigating dietary supplement
The Federal Trade Commission is investigating a dietary supplement recently
introduced in the United States as a way to reduce cellulite. The FTC is looking
into whether the makers of Cellasene have enough evidence to substantiate their
claims that an eight-week course of three pills daily can help rid users of
cellulite, the irregular pockets of fat that cause the area around women's hips
and thighs to appear dimpled. The investigation comes even as the Italian
manufacturers of the product, Medestea Internazionale, launched a media campaign
this week to dispel skepticism about their product. Vitamin maker Rexall Sundown
Inc., based in Boca Raton, Fla., has the U.S. distribution rights to Cellasene,
which entered the U.S. market in March and has been promoted in fashion
magazines and newspapers.

GAO: More find work after leaving welfare
Nearly three years after the enactment of federal welfare reform, between 61
percent and 87 percent of adults leaving public assistance have gotten jobs, a
far higher number than previously reported, according to a comprehensive review
of welfare research being released in Washington today. " This is an
unprecedented increase in labor force participation by low-income, especially
never-married mothers," House Republican leaders said in a statement that
accompanies the General Accounting Office's summary.

Man who hit black teens to face trial
A white man accused of driving onto a sidewalk to hit two black teenagers on
bikes has been charged with attempted murder and ordered to stand trial. James
Langenbach, 27, of Kenosha, Wis., intentionally swerved his car and sped toward
the 14-year-old boys as they rode their bicycles May 16, police allege. Dino
Gigliotti, who was riding a motorcycle behind Langenbach's car, testified at a
preliminary hearing Wednesday that he saw the car swerve up the curb and on the
sidewalk about 30 feet behind the boys. ''In my opinion, it was floored,''
Gigliotti said. ''He accelerated all the way.''

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution

                              280 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               February 28, 2001

Fresh aid plea by US farmers

BYLINE: By Jwatson

SECTION: Agency:Agency:Agency, Pg.18

LENGTH: 231 words


Joe Watson

FARM leaders in the US have renewed their claims for billions of dollars in new
federal aid to bolster farm income.

Low grain prices made a new farm bail-out imperative, they claimed.

The US Congress has enacted more than GBP 16billion in rescue packages since
late 1998 as an antidote to keep farmers afloat during a price-depressing global
grain glut.

Roger Johnson, North Dakota agriculture commissioner, said: "We know the hurt is
out there."

US Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman has meanwhile admitted there is likely

to be some cuts to her

budget in the coming

year.

Approved

The cuts are likely to be in discretionary spending, includ$-ing staffing. Most
farm support and conservation programmes are so-called mandatory spend$ -ing.

The National Association of State Departments of Agricul$-ture (Nasda) in the US
has approved a letter that asks Congress to pay out GBP 6.6billion to farmers.

Nasda said: "The sad reality remains that government pay$-ments will once again
mean the difference between remaining in business and going out of busi$-ness."

Last week, 20 mainline farm groups wrote leaders of the House and Senate Budget
com$-mittees in the States to ask for about GBP 6.6billion in emergency aid to
farmers as soon as pos$-sible.

The farm groups said more aid would be required if the new US farm act is not
put in place quickly.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2001 Aberdeen Press and Journal

                              281 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Farmington Daily Times

                              June 27, 2004 Sunday

Counties may get drought relief

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 316 words


- The Daily Times -

WASHINGTON - Some New Mexico livestock producers may qualify for drought aid
under a U.S. Department of Agriculture initiative to open Conservation Reserve
Program acreage to grazing, Sen Pete Domenici announced in a news release.

Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman authorized use of CRP acres by cattle
producers who are having difficulty feeding their livestock due to the
multi-year drought. To be eligible, a county must have suffered at least a
40-percent deviation from normal precipitation, or be at a D3 or D4 level for
drought as rated by the U.S. Drought Monitor.

"I am glad the USDA is offering relief to livestock producers by opening access
to CRP lands.  New Mexico has faced many hardships with the droughts these past
years, and I expect that some of our counties will qualify for this aid," said
Domenici, who continues to press the Senate to act on his bill to create a
national drought policy which will improve preparedness and relief for those
affected by droughts.

County eligibility for emergency grazing will be determined after consultations
between the Farm Service Agency state committees and the NRCS state technical
committees.  The authorization for grazing extends through Sept. 30.

CRP producers place their land in retirement in order to improve environmental
conditions.  The program aids in erosion prevention, wildlife protection, and
water quality improvement.  New Mexico currently has 487,000 acres under CRP.
Last year, there were 15 counties in the CRP (Bernalillo, Cibola, Colfax, Curry,
DeBaca, Harding, Lea, Mora, Quay, Roosevelt, San Juan, San Miguel, Santa Fe,
Torrance and Union).

[cut]

Last November, all New Mexico counties with the exception of Los Alamos were
declared natural disaster areas due to drought losses.  Further drought disaster
designations were issued to Lea and Eddy counties in April.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 The Daily Times (Farmington, NM)
                              All Rights Reserved

                              282 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     September 14, 1999, Tuesday, Edition 1

ONTARIO LAGS U.S.

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 862 words



in farm subsidies


Stuart Laidlaw

American farmers get twice the government support Ontario farmers enjoy, and are
expected to get even more, a study by the University of Guelph says.

''That playing field is not level,'' said Brian Doidge, the economist behind the
study. ''We in Canada are at a disadvantage to our neighbours south of the
border.''

The study compares two imaginary and identical 500-acre farms in Ontario and the
United States. Each was assumed to have 200 acres of corn, 100 acres of wheat
and 200 acres of soybeans.

It found that while the Ontario farmer would get $48.50 an acre in support this
year, the U.S. farmer would get $90.51 an acre, with more expected down the
road.

The U.S. House committee on agriculture begins two days of hearings today into
another $7.4 billion (U.S.) in emergency aid for American farmers.

Last year, Congress approved $5.9 billion in emergency aid to farmers because of
depressed prices, declining export markets and bad weather. U.S. farm incomes
are forecast to be 8.2 per cent lower this year than they were three years ago.

If this year's aid is approved as expected, the study's American farmer would
get the equivalent of $130 (Canadian) an acre, or 2 1/2 times that available to
the Ontario farmer.

Last year, the study's U.S. farmer received $103.61 an acre, compared with
$28.52 in Ontario.

That's a big change since 1996, when the U.S. farmer received $21.44, compared
with $18.37 on the Ontario farm.

Farm groups in Ontario have long complained that their counterparts in other
countries are getting more help from the government. Subsides will be a major
topic at World Trade Organization talks in Seattle this fall.

Doidge said farm aid in both countries has been going up the past few years as
market prices for crops dropped and compensating aid increased.

But the huge jump in American aid is a result of disaster relief in the United
States, such as the $7.4 billion being debated today, that has not been matched
in Ontario.

Doidge is a grain-pricing specialist at the University of Guelph's Ridgetown
College and head of continuing education there. He advises Ontario farmers on
factors affecting grain prices and their incomes.

His study appeared in the August edition of a newsletter he and colleagues at
the Ontario Ministry of Agriculture put out for farmers, called The Grain
Letter.

Colin Reesor, a ministry representative in Walkerton who puts out the newsletter
with Doidge, said much of the difference in aid between Ontario and the United
States can be attributed to the way programs in the two countries are set up.

The American program tends to encourage farmers to grow certain crops, such as
soybeans, that pay more in subsidies. As well, the setup of the program makes it
easy for farmers who don't need help to get money anyway.

The U.S. aid program works by setting benchmark prices at the beginning of each
year for each county in the country. If prices fall below that price, farmers
are paid the full difference when they take their crops to market.

But there's a wrinkle under which U.S. farmers get money they don't need, Reesor
said. The government pay- outs are based on the previous day's prices, while
farmers can sell their crops at today's prices.

Farmers have learned to take advantage of that by selling their crops on days
when the price spikes up, Reesor said.

Here's how: The current benchmark price for soybeans is about $5.40 (U.S.) a
bushel, depending on the county. If the price of soybeans jumps from, say, $5.
10 one day to $5.40 the next, there will be a rush of farmers to the grain
elevator selling their crops, Reesor said.

They will then be paid the full price for their soybeans, plus 30 cents in
government aid, based on the previous day's prices.

''They are basically harvesting the program,'' Reesor said.

Ontario farmers don't have it so well. The province's market revenue program, by
contrast, is much slower to pay and hands out less money when it does. It sets a
benchmark price based on a 15-year average.

If farmers sell their crops for less than the benchmark, which is set at the end
of the harvest, they get two-thirds of the difference in aid. But calculating
the benchmark and how much each farmer will get takes about a year, so farmers
are usually harvesting one year's crop when the cheques arrive for last year's.

''We still haven't been paid for last year,'' Reesor said.

Doidge expects the U.S. aid program to continue setting high benchmark prices
for soybeans, so he expects a big U.S. soybean crop next year, which he said
will boost supplies and drive down already low prices.

Because of that, he is recommending that Ontario farmers plant corn next year,
since its price won't be under as much downward pressure.

Forecasts for a fourth year of bumper U.S. harvests, combined with three years
of weak export demand, have left grain piling up in U.S. bins. U.S. corn prices
are forecast to be the lowest in 12 years and soybean prices are likely to be
the lowest in 13 years, the U.S. agriculture department said Friday.


LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: AP FILE PHOTO
 REAPING SUBSIDIES:
 American farms, like this wheat operation in Vincennes, Ind., enjoy far more
government support than those in Ontario.

                  Copyright 1999 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              283 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      SEPTEMBER 1, 2000 Friday SF EDITION

METROPOLITAN AREA NEWS IN BRIEF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 770 words


Two events to be added

to annual 12K AIDS Walk

Organizers of the annual AIDS Walk announced yesterday that they would add two
events - a 12-kilometer run and a one-mile stroller walk for families with small
children - to the traditional 12K walk at this year's event on Oct 15.

Also for the first time, participants will be able to register or obtain a
sponsor form online at www.aidswalkphilly.org Anyone interested can also
register by calling the AIDS Fund at 215-731-9255. There is no registration fee
and no minimum pledge requirement.

"This year's goal is to increase overall participation to help raise more funds
for essential AIDS-related services in the region," said Susan Higginbotham,
executive director of the AIDS Fund. Last year, more than 30,000 people
participated, raising nearly $1 million for 44 area organizations that provide
care, education and other services for people with HIV and AIDS and others
affected by the disease.

Cheese franks are recalled

over possible metal shards

READING - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection
Service has announced the recall of 6,588 pounds of cheese franks that could be
contaminated with metal fragments.

Berks Packaging Co. of Reading recalled Weis Quality Our Deluxe Cheese Franks
after a consumer from Pennsylvania reported finding two metal fragments in the
product, company officials said. The recalled package has "EST. 8782" in the
USDA seal, and a sell-by date of Oct. 17. The contaminated product is believed
to have been sold in Pennsylvania, Maryland, New York and New Jersey grocery
stores within two weeks of production.

Anyone with food-safety questions may call the USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline at
1-800-535-4555.

N.J. judge dismisses challenge of welfare cap for mothers

NEWARK, N.J. - A Superior Court judge in Essex County has dismissed a lawsuit
challenging the state law that caps welfare benefits for mothers who have more
children.

Judge Anthony J. Iuliani on Wednesday granted the state's motion for a summary
judgment in a lawsuit filed on behalf of mothers on welfare who gave birth to
children after 1992. He rejected arguments that the "family cap," or child
exclusion provision, keeps poor children from getting enough food and other
benefits and interferes with a women's right to have children.

The American Civil Liberties Union, the National Organization of Women, and
other groups that filed the suit are expected to appeal.

Man awaiting murder charge

died of a heart attack in cell

A Shamong man charged with the 1999 murder of his father died of a heart attack
in his state prison cell, a Mercer County coroner has ruled.

Michael S. Mazzola, 34, was found dead Monday morning in his cell at the state
Central Reception and Assignment Facility in Trenton, where he was serving a
separate three-year sentence, officials said. His attorney said Mazzola was a
diabetic.

A grand jury in February issued an 11-count indictment against Mazzola on
charges that he shot his father, Richard J. Mazzola, 61, twice in the head on
March 28, 1999, in the trailer home they shared. He then stole his father's car,
a .22-caliber rifle, credit cards and cash, authorities said.

State to begin mailing

property-tax rebate checks

TRENTON - New Jersey property owners should receive their NJ Saver property-tax
rebates starting next week.

The first checks are to be mailed tomorrow. More than $280 million in checks
will be mailed to 1.2 million property-tax payers in the coming days. This is
the second year for the program, designed to partially reimburse residents for
school taxes.

The average rebate is $240. Checks will go out tomorrow for Burlington and
Cumberland Counties, Tuesday for Gloucester and Mercer Counties, Thursday for
Atlantic and Cape May Counties, and next Friday for Camden and Salem Counties.

Nurse's assistant arrested

in Del. patient-rape case

Police in New Castle County, Del., yesterday arrested a 38-year-old former
employee of the Mary Campbell Center in Wilmington on charges he repeatedly
raped a 24-year-old patient while he worked there.

Investigators said the patient, who has cerebral palsy, told them that Demetrius
Joyner, a certified nurse's assistant, raped her at least twice in October and
November while she was his patient. The victim told police she did not come
forward until Wednesday because Joyner had threatened to kill her parents if she
said anything, investigators said.

Joyner, of the 1300 block of Chestnut Street, Wilmington, was taken to Gander
Hill Prison in Wilmington to await arraignment.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              284 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 5, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

DROUGHT AREA WAITS FOR AID AND MORE THAN A LITTLE RAIN

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 455 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 4


Moderate rainfall in much of the South and Middle Atlantic region over the
weekend provided the first substantial break in the scorching, dry conditions
that have plagued the 10-state area for months.

Meteorologists and coordinators of the Agriculture Department's drought-relief
program said today that they were encouraged by the precipitation, which also
brought lower temperatures that are expected to last two or three more days.

But it would take weeks of such weather to end the South's costliest drought,
and one of its deadliest heat waves, weather experts said. And August is usually
the hottest and driest month of the year in the drought region, which extends
from Mississippi to southern Pennsylvania and now includes northern Florida and
much of eastern Tennessee.

''The heat has taken a vacation - the rain helps,'' said Larry Heitkemper, a
meteorologist with the Earth Satellite Corporation in Chevy Chase, Md. ''Eastern
North Carolina received moderate rainfalls. But the problem with this kind of
rain is that it falls so heavy it runs off that hard soil. They still need
general, good soaking rains.''

House to Act on Aid Plan

In other developments, the House of Representatives is preparing to act,
possibly as early as Tuesday, on drought-relief measures that are similar to a
proposal passed on Friday by the Senate. The measures are designed to complement
the Administration's relief program, which was put into action on Friday.

The House bill is sponsored by Representative E. (Kika) de la Garza, Democrat of
Texas, who is chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, and Edward R.
Madigan, Republican of Illinois. The House bill and the Agriculture Department's
program, for instance, would enable farmers to split the costs of feed with the
Government.

In addition, the House proposal would require the Agriculture Department to
monitor areas where livestock feed became scarce. In any area where there was
less than a three-day supply of feed, the Secretary of Agriculture would be
required to move surplus stocks of Government feed grains into that region to be
donated to farmers until the shortage was alleviated.

The House relief measure also calls on the Government to pay 80 percent of the
cost of transporting hay into areas where feed is in short supply. Last week,
the Congressional Budget Office estimated that these and other measures in the
House proposal could cost $300 million to $600 million. Estimates of the cost of
the Senate's package range up to $1.5 billion.

The Administration program will cost well over $1 billion, according to budget
analysts, including more than $50 million in income-subsidy payments to be
mailed this month, instead of after the harvest.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                              285 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          November 26, 1992, Thursday

NEWS BRIEFS Food giveaway will help truly hungry

BYLINE: Compiled by Dana Dratchfood; holidays; aid; sales; arts; children;
entertainment; charities

SECTION: EXTRA; Section G; Page 2

LENGTH: 527 words


Workers at Cobb Emergency Aid experienced a chilling kind of first during their
September food distribution. Six of the men coming in for food were so hungry
that they sat down and ate their groceries right there in the Civic Center
parking lot.

"You could tell they were really hungry," said Laura Mauldin, the U.S.
Department of Agriculture food coordinator for Cobb County Emergency Aid. "There
was a real need in the crowd. They were really hungry. Several people who worked
with us have noticed the difference. [The clients] were very gracious and very
polite, but it was a different level [of want]. And the need continues to grow."

Emergency Aid will feed 2,300 families with its distribution Dec. 9. The winter
disbursement consists of 5 pounds of flour, 2 pounds of peanut butter, 2 pounds
of rice, 2 pounds of butter, two 29-ounce cans of pork, a pound of canned corn
and a pound of raisins.

Shut-ins can authorize someone to pick up their food by signing a paper with
their name, address, Social Security number, number of people in the family and
total household income.

Emergency Aid will also provide free blood pressure screenings.

The distribution will be held at the Cobb Civic Center between 9 a.m. and 6
p.m., though Ms. Mauldin says that this time they expect to run out of food
before they run out of customers.

For more information, call 428-2601.

Powder Springs to auction goods: The city of Powder Springs will hold an auction
Dec. 4, at 9 a.m. at the city's public works facility at 3006 Spring Industrial
Drive. Twelve items, including cars, trucks, bikes and a generator, will go on
the block. Prospective buyers can examine the goods from 8 to 9 a.m., when
sealed bids will be taken.

Sculptors' works on display at Galleria: Gallery 300 is displaying the work of
four Atlanta artists through November.

Gordon Chandler, Carl Andre Davidt, Michael Gilmartin and Timothy Sutherland are
nationally recognized sculptors who create unique furniture. Mr. Chandler and
Mr. Davidt work in metal and Mr. Gilmartin and Mr. Sutherland use wood.

Gallery 300 is on the lobby level of the Atlanta Galleria, 300 Galleria Parkway.
Guests should enter from the parking lot side.

For more information, call the Jubilee Cultural Alliance at 988- 9641.

Ticket Tree will send 100 kids to see "Nutcracker": Proceeds from a Nutcracker
Ticket Tree at the Stouffer Waverly Hotel will send 100 underprivileged children
to see a performance of the Atlanta Ballet's "The Nutcracker."

For a $ 10 donation to fund one child's ticket, patrons receive 12 nutcracker
cookies. They also receive a gift tag with the child's name, and donors may
write in their name and hang the tag on the tree.

The hotel bakes and donates the cookies and the Atlanta Ballet donates $ 500 by
discounting its tickets from $ 15 to $ 10.

A kickoff ceremony Sunday in the atrium lobby featured two six-foot
ice-sculpture nutcrackers and the giant mouse from "The Nutcracker." The Atlanta
Ballet performed a short piece and storyteller Sarah Dubignon will tell a
10-minute story.

The hotel is in the Galleria shopping center across U.S. 41 from Cumberland
Mall.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH923380415

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution

                              286 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Arizona Range News (Wilcox, Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 8, 2013

Local educators advocate for CTE on Capitol Hill

BYLINE: Arizona Range News staff

LENGTH: 583  words


WASHINGTON, DC Mike Zamudio, agriculture educator from San Simon High School,
and Davida Molina, agriculture teacher from Valley Union High School, attended
the Association for Career and Technical Education's (ACTE) National Policy
Seminar (NPS) March 4-6 in Arlington, Va., and met with Members of Congress on
Capitol Hill to educate them about the value of career and technical education
(CTE). Career and technical education delivers realworld training and skills
development to over 94 percent of America's high schools. Now, more than ever,
the nation is turning to CTE to prepare the skilled workforce needed to keep
America competitive and grow our economy. With CTE programs expanding and
changing across the country to meet the needs of employers, students and
communities, educators and administrators are challenged to effectively advocate
for resources and support on local, state and federal levels.

While attending ACTE's three day briefing on federal policies, Zamudio and
Molina consulted with Representative Barber's aid, Jeremy Wilson-Simerman,
Congressman Matt Salmon's aid, Jonathan Sarager, and Senator Jeff Flake's aid,
Sarah Towles to encourage more support for CTE and other education and work
force development programs. All three aids were very receptive to learning about
career and technical education programs and the benefits these programs provide
to today's youth. The legislative aids agreed to inform their congressman about
the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act Reauthorization, the
federal government funding source for CTE programs, that should be presented
soon.

At the opening session of the NPS, attendees heard from Dr. Anthony Carnevale,
director and research professor of the Georgetown University Center of Education
and the Workforce, who spoke on his research findings in career outcomes for
students engaging in CTE programs of study in secondary and postsecondary
settings. "Nearly 30 percent of associate-degree holders make more than those
with bachelor's degrees and 44 percent of graduates from four year colleges have
higher earnings that those with graduate degrees," said Carnevale on Monday
morning.

Carnevale applauded the efforts of ACTE, noting that career-tech programs were
efficient and a proven approach that helps students gain real-world experience
and provides skilled workers for the economy.

Other speakers at NPS included James R. Stone III, professor and director of the
National Research Center for Career and Technical Education (NRCCTE), Mark
Edwards, Executive Director of Opportunity Nation, and leaders from the
Congressional House Committee on Education and the Workforce.

Jane Oates, Assistant Secretary of Labor, Employment and Training Administration
delivered remarks during the closing general session and emphasized the
importance of education that trains individuals in the skill areas needed by the
workforce today and moving forward into the future. She stressed the importance
of the partnerships between CTE and business and industry leaders to ensure
economic vitality and strong job growth for the country. More than 400 teachers
and administrators attended the conference and participated in the Hill visits.
The National Policy Seminar is an annual event that takes place in early spring
as policymakers are beginning work on the federal budget and appropriations
process as well as reauthorizations such as the Elementary and Secondary
Education Act (ESEA) and the Workforce Investment Act (WIA).

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AZR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Arizona Range News

                              287 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           October 27, 2004 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

State Gets $222 Million To Aid Growers, Forests

BYLINE: JEROME R. STOCKFISCH, jstockfisch@tampatrib.com

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 385 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


FEDERAL FUNDING IS FOR STORM RECOVERY

By JEROME R. STOCKFISCH

jstockfisch@tampatrib.com

TALLAHASSEE -- More than $222 million in federal aid is headed to Florida to
help clean up hurricane damage in rural, agricultural and forest areas.

The money is part of the $13 billion disaster aid package passed by Congress
this month. Mark Rey, an undersecretary at the U.S. Department of Agriculture in
Washington, visited the Capitol on Tuesday to present the funds to Gov. Jeb Bush
and Agriculture Commissioner Charles Bronson.

"The people of Florida have our sympathy for their suffering and our admiration
for their courage," Rey said. "Over the past month they have been in our
prayers, and today, we're offering additional assistance."

Damage to homes in the state's urban and coastal areas has received the lion's
share of attention after Florida was battered by four hurricanes since Aug. 13.

The money presented Tuesday includes $120 million to remove vegetation and
debris that is impeding drainage, contributing to flooding and posing fire
hazards in rural areas. An additional $61 million will help farmers restore
fences and grade or reshape damaged farmland. The rest of the money goes to
reforestation of state and national forests.

"This money will be very helpful for farmworkers, for ranchers, for our rural
communities, for farmers as they rebuild," Bush said. "Agriculture is really our
heritage as a state, and it continues to be such an essential part of our
livelihood and who we are."

Rey pointed out that federal help has been on the ground in Florida since the
hurricane barrage began. More than 1,000 members of the U.S. Forest Service, who
typically fight Western wildfires, are involved in the recovery effort in
Florida's forests.

"We're used to moving fast to extinguish rapidly spreading wildfires, and I
pledge to you we will move with equal alacrity to help this state recover from
the 2004 hurricane season," Rey told the governor.

Bronson estimated that there are 50 million tons of tree debris scattered in
state forests. His accounts of tree damage prompted Bush to quip, "We're going
to be the mulch capital of the world."

Reporter Jerome R. Stockfisch can be reached at (850) 222-8382.

Copyright © 2004, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: GOVERNMENT

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Mark Rey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2004 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                              288 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times (Munster, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

BRIEF: Region farmers eligible for flood aid

BYLINE: Dan Carden, The Times, Munster, Ind.

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 143 words


Aug. 13--INDIANAPOLIS -- Five rain-sodden Northwest Indiana counties were among
53 statewide declared disaster areas Wednesday by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

"Our hearts go out to those Indiana farmers affected by recent natural
disasters," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "(The) USDA stands with you
and your communities when severe weather and natural disasters threaten to
disrupt your livelihood."

The declaration permits farmers operating in Lake, Porter, LaPorte, Newton and
Jasper counties to apply for low-interest emergency loans through the federal
Farm Service Agency.

Farmers in Illinois' Cook and Will counties also are eligible for assistance
because they are contiguous to declared disaster areas.

___ (c)2015 The Times (Munster, Ind.) Visit The Times (Munster, Ind.) at
www.nwitimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150813-MU-BRF-Region-farmers-eligible-for-flood-aid-0813-20150813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MU


                            Copyright 2015 The Times

                              289 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 30, 1991, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

FUTURES/OPTIONS;
Grains and Soybeans Rally On Talk of Help for Soviets

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 18; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 356 words


Grain and soybean futures prices rallied strongly late yesterday on the Chicago
Board of Trade amid indications that the Bush Administration was about to offer
new food aid to the Soviet Union.

Wheat for delivery in December settled 4 3/4 cents higher, at $3.62 1/4 a
bushel; December corn was 2 3/4 cents higher, at $2.53 1/4 a bushel; December
oats rose 2 1/4 cents, to $1.32 3/4 a bushel; November soybeans rose 7 3/4
cents, to $5.56 3/4 a bushel.

Grain futures surged in the last half hour after Agriculture Secretary Edward
Madigan said in Washington that President Bush and President Mikhail S.
Gorbachev would make an announcement about food aid "in the very, very near
future."

Mr. Madigan said the President had agreed with the Agriculture Department's
recommendations about the level of assistance, but he did not disclose that
amount.

Mr. Bush met with Mr. Gorbachev in Madrid earlier yesterday and said afterwards
they had reached no agreement on how much food aid the Soviets would get.

It has been widely reported that Mr. Gorbachev has asked the United States for
$2.5 billion in loan guarantees and $1 billion in direct humanitarian assistance
in addition to the $2.5 billion in credits already allocated and used this year.

The grain markets have already discounted a $1.5 billion package, said Steve
Freed, a grain analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. in Chicago.

"If the announcement comes soon and is over $1.6 billion, that's friendly," he
said, meaning prices would rise.

Livestock and meat futures retreated on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange as weak
cash livestock markets prompted selling. Near-term hog futures dropped to a
two-year low as hog marketings continued to run above expectations.

Live cattle for December delivery fell 0.72 cent, to 73.85 cents; December live
hogs fell 0.72 cent, to 41.70 cents a pound; February frozen pork bellies
tumbled 1.42 cents, to 42.50 cents a pound.

Near-term crude-oil futures fell slightly but prices for refined products rose
on the New York Mercantile Exchange in thin trading ahead of the American
Petroleum Institute's weekly stocks report.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company

                              290 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                          Garden State Rescue Products


                             Shrewsbury,  NJ 77024
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 732-842-7850
URL: http://www.emsgoodies.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 27101924

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Garden State Rescue Products is a manufacturer focussed on First Aid, First Aid
Kits, Latex Gloves, Masks, Medical Bags, and 6 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Garden State Rescue Products does business
in the Agriculture, Biomedical, and Chemistry Industries, as well as 15 other
major Manufacturing Industries. Garden State Rescue Products has at least 2
business locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "EMS
Police Fire Products, Collectibles, Books, Training Aids ."
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; Medical Dental and Hospital Equipment and Supplies
Merchant Wholesalers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42345000
SIC CODES:
50470300
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Latex Gloves
     ·    Masks
     ·    Medical Bags
     ·    Stethoscopes
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Latex Gloves


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acetates
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Closed Cell Foam
     ·    Ethylene
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyester
     ·    Polyethylene
     ·    Polyurethane
     ·    PVC
     ·    Vinyl Acetate


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Acetates, Alcohol, Ambulances, Antibiotics,
Antiseptics, Bindings, Boots, Buckles, Buttons, Camouflage, Cannulas, Cardboard,
Carrying Cases, Charcoal, Chemicals, Chests, Closed Cell Foam, Closeouts,
Control Valves, Crystal, Dividers, Electrodes, Emergency Lights, Emergency
Medical Supplies, Ethylene, Filters, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Flats, Gear
Bags, Gears, Glue, Guards, Hook & Loop Closures, Latex Gloves, Leather,
Lighters, Lights, Lime, Luggage Handles, Manometers, Masks, Measures,
Mechanisms, Medical Bags, Molded Plastics, Nylon, Nylon Bindings, Nylon Mesh,
Nylon Zippers, Organizers, Overalls, Oxygen, Oxygen Regulators, Padding, Panels,
Pens, Plastics, Polyester, Polyethylene, Polyurethane, PVC, Radios, Rails,
Ratchets, Respirators, Safety Vests, Scales, Security Bags, Shears, Sheets,
Shelters, Sleeves, Solutions, Stethoscopes, Suit Bags, Suits, Tote Bags,
Towelettes, Traffic Control, Traffic Controls, Trim, Two-Way Radios, Uniforms,
Valve Housings, Vests, Vinyl Acetate, Vinyl Windows, Water Repellents, Wedges,
Yellows, Zippers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              291 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  June 29, 1989, THURSDAY, THREE STAR Edition

HOUSE PASSES AID FOR WHEAT FARMERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 147 words


WASHINGTON (AP) - The House ignored a veto threat and passed legislation on
Tuesday to pay more than $900 million to farmers suffering losses in winter
wheat and other crops this year from drought and weather-related disasters. The
legislation was approved on a voice vote and was sent to the Senate.  The bill
is aimed primarily at winter wheat growers in Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas, Nebraska
and other states where dry weather is expected to sharply reduce this summer's
harvests.  Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter said Tuesday that he would
recommend a veto of the bill because it was too broad.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              292 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 29, 2008 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Senate Democrats Calling For More Food Assistance

BYLINE: By DAVID M. HERSZENHORN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 585 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Citing hunger riots in developing countries and soaring grain prices around the
world, Senate Democrats called on Monday for a swift increase of $200 million in
foreign food aid, on top of an additional $350 million that President Bush has
requested in a supplemental spending measure.

In response, the administration urged Congress to give it more flexibility to
buy food for donation from local and regional providers, a method that
antihunger experts say is cheaper and more efficient than buying and shipping
American commodities, as well as encouraging agricultural development.

This month, Mr. Bush directed the Agriculture Department to release $200 million
in commodities to address the crisis, and on Monday the United States Agency for
International Development said that it was coordinating that program in addition
to $40 million in emergency food aid.

A.I.D. said the United NationsWorld Food Program and private organizations would
deliver those resources to Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Ethiopia, Haiti, Kenya,
Mauritania, Somalia, Sudan, Uganda and Zimbabwe.

At a news conference, Senators Richard J. Durbin of Illinois and Robert P. Casey
Jr. of Pennsylvania, both Democrats, called for adding $200 million in food aid
to the supplemental spending measure that will provide additional financing for
military operations in Afghanistan and Iraq.

''This is the worst global food crisis in more than 30 years,'' Mr. Durbin said.
''It threatens not only the health and survival of millions of people around the
world, many of them children, but it also is a threat to global security.

''As many as 36 countries, almost one-fifth of the world's nations, are now
facing food crises requiring help from abroad.''

A spokesman for the White House, Scott Stanzel, said the administration was
monitoring the crisis and moving swiftly to respond.

''We appreciate the shared concerns of members of Congress,'' Mr. Stanzel said.

He urged greater flexibility in running the programs.

''The president has continually asked Congress to support an innovative proposal
to provide food assistance by purchasing crops directly from farmers in the
developing world,'' he said. ''This flexibility would not only get food to
people in emergency situations faster, it would also build up local agriculture
and help break the cycle of famine. Unfortunately, Congress has repeatedly
failed to act on this proposal.''

The administration has urged Congress to use the farm bill, which is in
House-Senate talks, to allow up to 25 percent of United States food aid to be
bought from local or regional providers. In 2007, the United States donated more
than 1.5 million metric tons of food, valued at $1.2 billion.

The Senate proposed a much more modest pilot program to buy up to $25 million in
food for donation from producers overseas. Farm bill negotiators continued to
debate that on Monday. Separately on Monday, three Democrats, Senators Tom
Harkin of Iowa, Jeff Bingaman of New Mexico and Bill Nelson of Florida, and a
Republican, Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, sent a letter to Mr. Bush urging at
least $60 million in added emergency food aid, specifically for Haiti, which has
had food riots.

''The United States must now demonstrate leadership and resolve and help one of
its closest neighbors,'' the senators wrote. ''We must come to the aid of the
Haitian people.''

A spokeswoman for A.I.D., Gina Jackson, said she could not specify how much of
the $240 million emergency aid was for Haiti.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company

                              293 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                January 8, 2000

US farm aid of $1bn in pipeline

BYLINE: By Joe Watson

SECTION: Business:Farm/Food:News, Pg.17

LENGTH: 528 words


AMERICA looks set to pay its farmers another $1billion in emergency aid to take
increasing areas of farmland out of production in a bid to end its meat and
grain mountains and stabilise prices.

In a direct appeal for the farm vote, US vice-president Al Gore said yesterday
that President Clinton would be seeking money from the American Congress to take
land out of production.

Mr Gore, on the presidential campaign trail in Iowa, said more than $1billion
(GBP 625million) would be sought in the next financial year to expand American
conservation programmes, including those that pay farmers to set-aside land.

Peter Stewart, the Scottish NFU vice-president, last night said the likely deal
was another climbdown for the American administration's allegedly flagship
Freedom to Farm Act, introduced in 1996 and which decoupled production-based
subsidies.

Decline

Mr Stewart added: "It again shows that other countries are prepared to put money
into their agricultural industries to help farmers through. We have got to make
it very clear to our ministers that they have got to do the same.

"We have got to put money into the industry to keep people on the land and to
allow a natural change to take place. The American situation shows it is
prepared to help manage change."

US Department of Agriculture officials declined to discuss what President
Clinton will propose in his 2001 Farm Safety Net Proposal to boost the American
farm economy, which has been in spiralling decline for two years.

But one official said the farm budget - due to be announced on February 7 and be
implemented on October 1 - will deal with more than conservation.

"I think there will be more to come," said an Usda source.

Over the past two years, the US Congress has approved $15billion in emergency
farm aid after huge crops and sinking exports forced. Included in the figure is
last autumn's $9.2billion (GBP 5.6billion) compensation deal.

With US farm income forecast to drop 16% this year because of continued low
prices, both the administration and Congress will be under tremendous pressure -
heightened by election year politics - to provide additional aid.

Assistance

Mr Gore said the President was looking to expand America's conservation reserve
programme by 3.6million acres to 40million next year.

This scheme allows farmers to idle environmentally sensitive land for 10 years
in exchange for cash payments. Some farm groups have advocated expansion of the
programme as a way to cut back on production and boost prices.

Mr Gore said: "The administration believes a crucial part of the farm safety net
that will yield benefits to all Americans is providing assistance to farmers and
ranchers who practice environmentally sound land management."

Separately, US pig producers tried to take advantage of Mr Gore's campaign in
Iowa to urge the vice -president to wield his influence to once again have pork
included in US food aid to Russia. Iowa is the nation's biggest pig-producing
state.

In 1998, Usda agreed to donate 50,000tonnes of pork to Russia as part of a
$1billion aid package. The department is considering a second Russian food aid
request.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Press and Journal

                              294 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            January 17, 1997 Friday

BYLINE: Don Davis

LENGTH: 704 words


North Dakota's harsh winter weather puts up to 100,000 head of cattle at risk of
dying, a Stockmen's Association official says, but federal aid is on the way.
State and federal officials Thursday announced money and feed will be available
to ranchers who cannot get feed to their cattle or sheep, or do not have feed
for their livestock. Ranchers whose livestock are threatened with dying should
contact their local U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency offices,
state Agriculture Commissioner Roger Johnson said. Stockmen's Association Vice
President Wade Moser said 50,000 to 100,000 cattle could be at risk in North
Dakota.

Federal agriculture officials estimate 20,000 cattle are in immediate danger,
with 100,000 head of cattle and sheep in danger in the entire Northern Plains.
Agriculture Department officials estimate $1.4 million is needed to feed those
animals through Jan. 25. Farmers and ranchers who spent extra money to feed
endangered livestock since Jan. 10 may be eligible for federal aid. Rep. Earl
Pomeroy, D-N.D., emphasized the aid is for the short term only; state and
federal officials are looking at ways to help livestock producers beyond Jan.
25. ""There will not be assistance that makes the pain go away for the ranchers
of North Dakota,'' Pomeroy said. Early next week, a state agriculture weather
emergency state task force meets to discuss the severity of the problem. State
officials will share that information with federal ag officials to draw up a
plan to help livestock producers the rest of the winter. Now, three kinds of
help are available to livestock producers with animals in danger of dying: þ
Money to get feed to cattle on farms and ranches where snow prevents moving
feed. Paying for snow plowing is among the ways the federal government will
help. þ Money to buy feed when needed. Up to 100 percent of feed costs may be
provided for feed purchased Jan. 10 to 25. þ The use of up to 600,000 bushels of
grain under federal government control.""In North Dakota, producers will be
exhausting available supplies of hay for their 1.9 million head of cattle
soon,'' an Agriculture Department news release said. ""Cattle stranded away from
feed sources are expected to be a problem for the next several months.''
Department rules say: ""Assistance is computed for the actual number of days the
livestock are determined to be in danger of perishing and no not have access to
their normal feed supply, not to exceed 15 days.'' But Moser said the threat of
death is not the only problem cattle face. The extreme cold and deep snow mean
many cattle are losing weight, needing more calories just to keep warm. ""It is
one of the biggest problems we have had in a long time,'' Moser added. Pomeroy
said 1978 was the last time an agricultural snow emergency was declared in North
Dakota. Thirteen counties were declared a disaster area then; all 53 counties
are eligible for disaster relief this year. Problems are just beginning for
cattle producers, Moser said. Many cows will begin having calves soon, but the
winter weather is weakening them so much that both the cows and calves are in
danger. Also, Moser added, cows may be so weakened this spring that they will
not be able to breed. Some ranchers kept their cattle until prices went up. Now,
the cattle are losing weight and worth less, Pomeroy said. Other ranchers are
selling off calves at low prices to cut their losses. Southern and western North
Dakota counties have the most cattle at risk.

CUTLINEByline: TOM STROMME of the Tribune Opening roads is a priority in the
cities but in the country it's imperative for farmers and ranchers to have
access to feed for livestock. Above, a farmer operating a rotary blower opens a
road to a supply of big round hay bales. The town of Venturia in McIntosh County
has drifts blocking its Main Street and as tall as some buildings. "I stood on
top of the snow bank on the north end of Main Street and a snowplow drove by and
my feet were higher than the top of the truck,' said Randall Tschetter, who
estimates the drifts to be "at least 12 to 15 feet high. It's almost worth a
drive down here to see them from the ground,' added Tschetter who is the Baptist
minister in Venturia.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1997 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              295 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 5, 2008 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Wilting Panhandle thirsts for rainfall ;
Agriculture secretary seeks state aid for region.

BYLINE: John David Sutter, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 348 words


The state secretary of agriculture asked the governor Wednesday afternoon to
start the process of classifying the Oklahoma Panhandle as a disaster area
because of an extreme drought, said Jack Carson, spokesman for the state
Department of Agriculture.

Carson said state Agriculture Secretary Terry Peach took a letter to Gov. Brad
Henry making the request. Carson declined to release the letter on Wednesday.

How it's affecting farmers

Crops are failing in the western Panhandle, and farmers are running out of grass
to feed their cattle, residents said. One resident said the area is starting to
look like the Sahara Desert.

A disaster declaration would have to come from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Carson said, and the governor would need to recommend the
declaration to that agency.

The designation could bring help in the form of low-interest loans and tax
relief, which would help farmers and ranchers buy feed, replace failed crops and
buy back livestock they have to sell, Carson said. Even if approved, the aid may
not come soon.

"It's a slow process, let's just be honest," he said. "We're talking in terms of
months."

A conservation official in Cimarron County, at the western edge of the
Panhandle, said he wants state officials to visit the area so they can get an
idea of how intense the drought is. Hal Clark, chairman of the conservation
district, said some farmers in Cimarron County are selling off all of their
livestock because they can't afford to feed them.

What's the chance of rain?

Derek Arndt, assistant state climatologist, said the coming weeks will be "make
or break" for farmers and ranchers in the western Panhandle.

To date, this is the third-driest year on record for the Panhandle, he said.

Recent triple-digit temperatures have increasing soil evaporation and added to
the dire situation, he said.

The U.S. Drought Monitor has labeled the drought "extreme" - the second most
severe designation.

There's no chance of rain in the Panhandle for at least a week, said J.J. Brost,
a meteorologist at the National Weather Service office in Amarillo, Texas.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              296 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

BRIEF: U.S. Dept. of Agriculture issues disaster declaration for 35 N.C.
counties to aid with tornado recovery

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 185 words


Jan. 12--The U.S. Department of Agriculture this week issued a disaster
declaration for 35 North Carolina counties to help farmers recover from the
tornadoes and hurricanes of 2011.

This will allow farmers to apply for federal financial assistance through
low-interest Farm Service Assistance loans and the Supplemental Revenue
Assistance Payments (SURE) disaster assistance program.

Farmers in designated counties have until Sept. 10 to apply for disaster
assistance to cover crop losses.

In the Cape Fear region, Columbus, Cumberland and Sampson counties are in the
disaster declaration and farmers there are eligible for assistance. Also,
agricultural entities in Bladen, Harnett, Robeson and Sampson counties in the
Cape Fear region may be eligible for Farm Service Assistance loans.

Farmers can apply for assistance through the USDA-Farm Service Agency office for
North Carolina. The phone number for the USDA-FSA office is 919-875-4800.

___ (c)2012 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120112-FY-BRF-U-S-Dept-of-Agriculture
-issues-disaster-declaration-for-35-N-C-counties-to-aid
-with-tornado-recovery-0112-20120112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2012 The Fayetteville Observer

                              297 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 11, 2012 Wednesday

BRIEF: U.S. Dept. of Agriculture issues disaster declaration for 35 N.C.
counties to aid with tornado recovery

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 187 words


Jan. 11--The U.S. Department of Agriculture this week issued a disaster
declaration for 35 North Carolina counties to help farmers recover from the
devastating tornadoes and hurricanes of 2011.

This will allow farmers to apply for federal financial assistance through
low-interest Farm Service Assistance loans and the Supplemental Revenue
Assistance Payments (SURE) disaster assistance program.

Farmers in designated counties have until Sept. 10 to apply for disaster
assistance to cover crop losses.

In the Cape Fear region, Columbus, Cumberland and Sampson counties are in the
disaster declaration and farmers there are eligible for assistance.

Also, agricultural entities in Bladen, Harnett, Robeson and Sampson counties in
the Cape Fear region may be eligible for Farm Service Assistance loans.

Farmers can apply for assistance through the USDA-Farm Service Agency office for
North Carolina. The phone number for the USDA-FSA office is 919-875-4800.

___ (c)2012 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120111-FY-BRF-U-S-Dept-of-Agriculture
-issues-disaster-declaration-for-35-N-C-counties-to-aid
-with-tornado-recovery-0111-20120111

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2012 The Fayetteville Observer

                              298 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                     July 17, 1993, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Seaway handles U.S. aid grain

SECTION: BUSINESS; IN BRIEF; Pg. C1/BREAK

LENGTH: 156 words


A Montreal shipper scored a coup for the St. Lawrence Seaway by convincing
American authorities to allow some aid grain to Russia to be shipped through the
seaway.

It is the first time American aid grain has gone through the seaway, Fred Pitre,
president of Global Self-Unloaders, said yesterday. He's hoping to attract a lot
more U.S. grain to help the declining seaway. Normally the grain goes down the
Mississippi River to be reloaded on ocean-going ships, or else by train to U.S.
east coast ports.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture awarded the business to Global Self-Unloaders
and its U.S. affiliate, Mormac Marine Transport Inc. of Stamford, Conn., because
they offered a lower rate.

Yesterday, the American Mariner (above) squeezed through the final locks of the
seaway in Montreal carrying grain bound for Russia. Its width of 78 feet makes
it the widest ship to navigate the locks which are 80 feet wide.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration shows freighter

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              299 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 23, 2004, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Farmers deserve aid, too

BYLINE: Max Baucus

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 390 words

Today's debate: Spending priorities

Opposing view: Like other natural disasters, droughts have devastating effects.

Whether it's offering a ride to the hospital or providing a warm place to sleep,
when disaster strikes in this country, we rush to help our friends and
neighbors. That's just what we do as Americans.


And when a hurricane, tornado or flood ravages an entire community, the federal
government is quick to lend its hand. At every turn, we're there to help, but
for one exception: severe, unrelenting drought.

I recently sponsored an emergency-disaster-assistance amendment that would
provide aid to farmers and ranchers who've been hit by natural disasters,
including drought.

I'm leading this effort because drought is every bit as much a disaster; it just
doesn't make for big headlines or provide 24-hour cable-news shows with dramatic
live interviews as some other disasters do.

Drought is the quiet killer that slowly squeezes the life out of Main Street
America. For the past several years, we've watched crops silently wither away,
herds be sold, storefronts be boarded up, and dustbowl-like conditions drive
generations off the land. That's why I pushed in the recently passed $33.1
billion homeland-security-spending bill to set aside $3 billion in
emergency-disaster aid for farmers and ranchers who qualify.

Some may call this move an act of "home-state opportunism." But I call the
amendment -- supported by more than 60 senators of both parties -- a show of
support for our farmers and ranchers, who, day in and day out, provide us with a
safe and affordable food supply.

My provision will help agriculture producers who've suffered "losses from
hurricanes, drought, freezes, floods and other natural disasters." That includes
producers in Florida and other areas hit recently by hurricanes. More than half
the states in the union will benefit from this amendment, which is supported by
more than 20 leading agriculture groups.

Just as our friends, family and neighbors who've recently been hit hard by
hurricanes, the nation's farmers and ranchers deserve a helping hand.

Some may suggest we can't afford to help agriculture producers right now. I say
we can't afford not to.

***

Sen. Max Baucus, D-Mont., is a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee.

.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              300 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 14, 2011 Thursday

BRIEF: More disaster aid sought for 8 counties

BYLINE: Patrick Malone, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 254 words


July 14--DENVER -- Gov. John Hickenlooper is seeking additional disaster
assistance from the federal government for eight weather-battered Colorado
counties whose economies are reliant on agriculture, including five in the San
Luis Valley.

In a letter to U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack this week, Hickenlooper
sought disaster relief for Alamosa, Conejos, Costilla, Rio Grande and Saguache
counties.

"Drought impacts are resulting in the loss of native grass, mixed forage, cool
season grasses and alfalfa throughout the San Luis Valley in south-central
Colorado," Hickenlooper wrote in the letter. "Losses are greatest to cool season
grasses reaching 75 percent. The availability of surface water has resulted in
many producers having to abandon alfalfa irrigation completely."

A second letter sought disaster assistance for Delta, Montrose and Mesa counties
on the Western Slope, where fruit producers were stung by a freeze in late April
and early May. Some producers there suffered losses of 95 percent of their
apples and other fruits.

If the declaration is approved it would allow farmers and ranchers to apply for
emergency loans if they are unable to get credit elsewhere.

To see more of The Pueblo Chieftain, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chieftain.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110714-PB-BRF-More-disaster-aid-sought-for-8-counties-0714-20110714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2011 The Pueblo Chieftain

                              301 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 22, 1992, Wednesday, Final Edition

Ex-Soviet Republics Make Loan Payment

Guy Gugliotta, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A26

LENGTH: 406 words


The former Soviet republics have made a $ 1.7 million principal payment on $
3.75 billion in agricultural loans guaranteed by the U.S. government, sources
said yesterday, clearing a modest hurdle on the eve of a multinational
conference to coordinate humanitarian aid to the republics.

The payments, due Jan. 17, were made promptly along with $ 700,000 in interest,
Agriculture Department sources said. Before Jan. 17, the Soviet Union had paid a
bit less than $ 10 million in interest. The republics, said one source, "are
current" on their debt.

The loans, contracted with U.S.-based banks to purchase American agricultural
products, are guaranteed by the department's Commodity Credit Corp. The credits
total $ 3.75 billion and constitute the only significant debt owed by the former
Soviet republics to the United States.

Doubt about the republics' creditworthiness has increased steadily since the
loan program began one year ago, fueling an ongoing debate between Congress and
the Bush administration about the wisdom of extending further loans.

Making the first payment, no matter how small, was likely to win some goodwill
from the United States during the two-day conference, which brings
representatives of more than 50 nations and international organizations to
Washington today to discuss aid coordination for the republics.

It was unlikely, however, either to inspire lasting confidence in the United
States or dispel the misgivings of other creditor governments. The acid test for
the United States will begin in February, when more than $ 120 million in loan
principal is due, and in March, when the figure rises to more than $ 140
million.

The former republics have already notified Western banks that they were
suspending principal payments on debts contracted before 1991.

The $ 3.75 billion loan program has allowed the Soviet Union to buy U.S.
agricultural products -- chiefly wheat, corn, soybeans and soybean meal -- with
loans from U.S.-based banks. Under terms of the program, the Soviets must retire
the loans in three yearly payments, the first payment due one year after the
loan was obtained.

If the Soviets default, the Commodity Credit Corp. is liable for either 97
percent or 100 percent of principal and a significant percentage of interest.
Critics have charged the program is little more than foreign aid by another
name, given the political and economic disorder in the republics.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post

                              302 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Morning Star

                            August 2, 2012 Thursday

US farmers get aid as drought puts counties on natural disaster list

BYLINE: Our Foreign Desk

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 224 words


The Department of Agriculture's addition of the 218 counties means that more
than half of all US counties, 1,584 in 32 states, have been designated as
primary disaster areas, the vast majority of them mired in the worst drought in
decades. Counties in Arkansas, Georgia, Iowa, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas,
Mississippi, Nebraska, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Tennessee and Wyoming were
included in the announcement. Deeming drought-stricken counties as disaster
areas makes farmers and ranchers eligible for federal aid including low-interest
emergency loans. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack opened up 3.8 million acres
of conservation land for ranchers to use for haying and grazing yesterday. "The
assistance announced today will help US livestock producers dealing with
climbing feed prices, critical shortages of hay and deteriorating pasturelands,"
Mr Vilsack said. Under the previous conservation programme, farmers were paid to
take land out of production to ward against erosion and to help create wildlife
habitats. As of this week, nearly half of the US corn crop was rated poor to
very poor, according to the National Agricultural Statistics Service. About 37
per cent of the US soybean crops has also been included in that category, while
nearly three-quarters of US cattle acreage is in drought-affected areas.

foreigneditor@peoples-press.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 People's Press Printing Society Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              303 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              March 3, 2017 Friday

Area farmers eligible for drought assistance

BYLINE: Lindsey Shelton, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 417 words


March 03--NATCHEZ -- Farmers and ranchers in Adams, Franklin, Jefferson and
Wilkinson counties as well as Concordia Parish are currently eligible to apply
for drought disaster aid from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Drought disaster aid is available in 79 of Mississippi's 82 counties -- and in
22 counties and parishes in adjacent states.

Farmers and ranchers in those areas have eight months from Feb. 23 to apply for
low-interest loans from the Farm Service Agency to help cover part of their
losses from the drought.

Sixty-nine Mississippi counties are considered primary disaster areas, and the
other 10 are adjacent to them. That status also qualifies farmers in four other
states: 10 counties in western Alabama, three in south Arkansas, five in
southwest Tennessee and four northeast Louisiana parishes.

The only Mississippi counties not on either list are Amite, Pike and Walthall.

The Mississippi counties declared primary disaster areas are: Adams, Alcorn,
Attala, Benton, Bolivar, Calhoun, Carroll, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Claiborne,
Clarke, Clay, Coahoma, Copiah, Covington, Forrest, George, Greene, Grenada,
Harrison, Hinds, Holmes, Humphreys Issaquena, Itawamba, Jackson, Jasper,
Jefferson, Jones, Kemper, Lafayette, Lamar, Lauderdale, Leake, Lee, Leflore,
Lowndes, Madison, Marshall, Monroe, Montgomery, Neshoba, Newton, Noxubee,
Oktibbeha, Panola Perry, Pontotoc, Prentiss, Quitman, Rankin, Scott, Sharkey,
Simpson, Smith, Stone, Sunflower, Tallahatchie, Tate, Tippah, Tishomingo, Union,
Warren, Washington, Wayne, Webster, Winston, Yalobusha, and Yazoo counties.

The adjacent counties where farmers and ranchers also can qualify for
low-interest disaster loans are in Mississippi are DeSoto, Franklin, Hancock,
Jefferson Davis, Lawrence, Lincoln, Marion, Pearl River, Tunica and Wilkinson.

In Louisiana, adjacent parishes available for loans are Concordia, East Carroll,
Madison and Tensas.

FSA will consider each loan application on its own merits, taking into account
the extent of losses, security available and repayment ability.

Interested farmers may contact their local USDA Service Centers for further
information on eligibility requirements and application procedures for these and
other programs. Additional information is also available online at
disaster.fsa.usda.gov.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

___ (c)2017 The Natchez Democrat (Natchez, Miss.) Visit The Natchez Democrat
(Natchez, Miss.) at www.natchezdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170303-YY-Area-farmers-eligible-for-drought-assistance-0303-20170303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                      Copyright 2017 The Natchez Democrat

                              304 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                June 09, 2000, Friday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Governor asked to seek U.S. aid for drought damage

SOURCE: Compiled from Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 467 words



The estimated crop loss is $ 188-million. Wildfires continue to take a toll.

Faced with increasing numbers of wildfires and no end in sight to a drought,
Agriculture Commissioner Bob Crawford on Thursday asked Gov. Jeb Bush to
persuade federal authorities to declare an agricultural disaster for Florida.

The estimated crop loss from the drought is $ 188-million, primarily cotton,
soybeans, corn, watermelons and hay, Crawford said.

Many ranchers are selling parts of their herds  because they  lack  food and
water as farm ponds and wells dry up. The heat and stress on cows has resulted
in lower milk production. Bodies of water have recorded the lowest oxygen levels
ever , damaging aquaculture crops, Crawford said.

No decision has been made on Crawford's plea, said Bush spokesman Justin Sayfie,
but "there appears to be a legitimate need for such a request."

Though wildfires continued to burn in Florida on Thursday, there were fewer and
smaller outbreaks than at any time in recent weeks.

Scattered  showers, especially the brief torrents that hit the Tampa Bay area
Wednesday, provided some firefighters a respite - albeit brief -  Thursday.

Sarasota County, where one of the first big blazes raged last month, received
its first serious rain dose Thursday.

Still, much of the state's landscape remained brown, its wells tapped dry and
sinkholes appearing hither and yon - the latest, a 20-foot-deep maw in Lake
County on Wednesday.

Hot spots Thursday were a fire that has burned 3,000 acres in Alachua County and
a smoldering burn near Hudson in Pasco County, as well as fires near Naples and
Waldo, according to the state Division of Emergency Management.

Robert and Chris Gonzalez used to treasure their pond stocked with fish and
waterfowl at their home near Tampa. All they see these days are buzzards
circling.

"They come for the dead fish," Robert Gonzalez said. "There isn't enough water
to keep the fish alive."

The drought index in some Florida Gulf Coast counties  rivals that of Arizona's
deserts, and tourists are being asked to use their towels twice so hotel laundry
rooms can save water.

Agricultural officials in Florida plan to ask the federal government to declare
a disaster, allowing farmers to receive relief money.

Even if the summer rains begin to fall soon, most of the crops already are
destroyed, said Whit Chase of the Florida Agriculture Department.

Northern Florida's hay crop is badly damaged, and that will force ranchers to
buy hay from other states at much higher prices.

Bush issued a memorandum Thursday to state and local law enforcement and fire
agencies reiterating the need to monitor and enforce the outdoor burning ban of
May 17.

- Staff writer Robin Mitchell and the Associated Press contributed to this
report.


LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press; Bob Holt looks over the dry
lake bottom of what used to be Lake Jackson. The 6,000-acre lake, once noted as
being one of the nation's finest bass fishing lakes, has dried up because of the
drought.

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company

                              305 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 1, 1994, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Bosnian Serb threatens strikes against Muslims

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 419 words



Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic, responding to one of the worst defeats of
his troops in the 2 1/2-year conflict in Bosnia-Herzegovina, threatened a
counteroffensive against the Muslim-led Bosnian government army. U.S. officials
Monday ruled out joining NATO air strikes that might be called by U.N. officials
against Muslim forces. A State Department official said Muslim military gains
could be what is needed to persuade Serbs to accept a peace plan by the United
States, France, Britain, Germany and Russia.

AID TO SOUTH AFRICA: Department of Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy signed an
agreement in South Africa to provide U.S. technical and financial aid. Espy,
under investigation for accepting gifts from food companies regulated by his
department, has resigned effective Dec. 31. "We don't want to impose our system
or process on anyone, but we would like to offer our experience, especially in
school feeding programs," Espy said.

OAS ON CUBA: Cesar Gaviria, new chief of the Organization of American States,
chided the United States for its continued embargo of Cuba. At a USA TODAY
Newsmaker breakfast, Gaviria said decisions to isolate Fidel Castro were
"relics" of the Cold War.

AIDS IN RUSSIA: A proposed bill forcing all visitors to get AIDS tests Monday
sailed through the Duma, Russia's lower house of parliament. The bill led to an
outcry from foreigners who say it would violate their rights, hurt tourism and
is virtually impossible to enforce.

HILLARY'S FAN: An Israeli woman is seeking a divorce because her husband is so
infatuated with U.S. first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton, a newspaper reports. The
woman says she even was ordered to color her hair and copy the first lady's
hairstyle. When her husband heard the Clintons were coming to Israel, "he lost
all control," the woman said in divorce papers, the newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth
reported. The couple's names were withheld.

ALSO: Algerian President Liamine Zeroual said presidential elections would be
held before the end of next year. . . . Mario Aburto Martinez, 23, the man who
assassinated Luis Donaldo Colosio, presidential candidate of Mexico's ruling
party, was convicted of murder and sentenced to 42 years in prison. . . . Three
British hostages held by Kashmiri separatists in India were freed after a
shootout, police said. Two police officers and a militant were killed. U.S.
hostage Bela Josef Nuss of Walnut Creek, Calif., who was held in a separate
location, was freed earlier by police.

LOAD-DATE: November 02, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, USA TODAY

TYPE: Elsewhere in the World

WASHINGTON AND THE WORLD

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              306 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           November 17, 1974, Sunday

SECTION: Page 1, Column 8

LENGTH: 499 words

World Food Conf approves formation of World Food Council, new UN agency to
supervise antihunger programs.  New orgn will have secretariat in Rome,
associated with FAO, but will rept to UN hq in NYC.  Council requires
endorsement from parent orgn, but action is expected to be formality.  Council,
representing key accomplishment of conf, is result of intricate compromise
between underdeveloped and developed nations that was reached in final session
of 11-day conf.  Compromise ended deadlock over what sort of follow-up mechanism
should be created to supervise and coordinate food-aid and development programs.
US and other developed countries wanted ECOSOC to control new council, while
underdeveloped nations sought establishment and control by Gen Assembly.  Under
compromise, council will be established by Gen Assembly as UN body reptg to
Assembly through ECOSOC.  Council members will be officials of ministerial or
other high-level positions who will meet from time to time, but everyday work
will be done in secretariat.  Secretariat's staff and budget will be drawn from
FAO, but secretariat will be independent of agency.  US delegation deputy chief
Edwin M Martin says new body will not have power to order action but will have
coordinating role and responsibility for reptg to UN on needed actions.  Before
end of session, conf assigns number of new programs to projected council,
including fertilizer aid program to help increase supplies for developing
nations and for new and improved plants.  Council is also assigned to supervise
or coordinate pesticide aid program.  Will conduct research on residual effects
and other environmental questions, irrigation, drainage and flood-control
program to aid developing countries, expansion of agr research and training and
methods of disseminating findings among growers, nutritional aid program,
including special feeding for malnourished children and studies on fortification
of staple foods with vitamins, recognition of women's role in agr and food and
call for 'achievement of desirable balance' between population and food supply.
Conf also completes work on 10-million-ton-a-yr food aid program for developing
nations, on internationally coordinated system of natl grain reserves and on
early-warning system of data-sharing to help alert world to any threats to food
supplies or sudden surges in demand.  In another action, developed nations
effectively resist demand by underdeveloped nations for trade references, saying
that conf is not forum for trade negotiations.  Instead conf adopts resolution
that requests improved treatment of exports from poorer countries.  Conf also
recommends creation of world food security council and food aid com to take over
responsibility for present World Food Program and coordinate bilateral and
multilateral aid operations.  Adopts carefully worded declaration calling on all
govts to accept removal of 'scourge of hunger and malnutrition' as objective of
internatl community (L).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: 321-2

              Copyright 1974 The New York Times Company: Abstracts

                              307 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                           October 14, 1999 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Senate aids N.C. with $8.7B farm-aid bill;
Leaf farmers get $98.4 million and state gets $200 million for disaster-relief
efforts

BYLINE: By AMY ETTINGER The Herald-Sun Washington bureau

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 417 words


WASHINGTON - The Senate passed an $8.7 billion emergency farm-aid bill Wednesday
that includes $98.4 million for North Carolina tobacco farmers and $200 million
for the state's disaster-relief efforts.

The Senate adopted the agriculture appropriations bill with a vote of 74-26. The
lion's share of the money will go to help farmers hurt by this year's low prices
on crops such as soybeans, cotton and peanuts.

The legislation includes $1.2 billion for flood and drought relief nationwide.
Although the $200 million estimated for North Carolina is $101 million more than
the House approved earlier this month, Sen. John Edwards, D-N.C., said the
figure was "short of what we're going to need."

Sens. Edward and Jesse Helms, R-N.C., both supported the bill.

The $200 million, though not written into the bill, was agreed upon by Edwards
and Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman. It could be reduced if other disasters
occur and require relief funding.

Preliminary estimates of crop, livestock and farm-structure losses from
Hurricane Floyd total $717 million, according to Kurt Pickering, a spokesman at
the disaster field office in Raleigh.

Gov. Jim Hunt has already asked Congress and President Clinton for $2.1 billion
to help in the recovery from Floyd, and bills that would provide additional aid
are being worked on. Hunt has said he would ask for a total of $5.3 billion.

"The governor is certainly pleased that Congress is turning its attention to the
plight in North Carolina," said Tad Boggs, spokesman for Hunt. "We're obviously
going to need a lot more for agricultural losses ..."

Edwards said during the Senate debate that he recognized North Carolina farmers
need help immediately. "The reality is that this is a loss that's going to take
years to recover from," he said.

The appropriations bill was drafted before Hurricane Floyd hit North Carolina,
which is why the disaster relief amount isn't higher, said David Rouzer,
spokesman for Helms. "The losses are so much throughout country that [the $1.2
billion] is not enough money to go around."

But the $328 million nationwide for tobacco farmers who have suffered from low
crop prices was an important factor in pushing the bill through, Rouzer said.

About 30 percent of the tobacco money has been earmarked for North Carolina
farmers, Rouzer said. That money is separate from any money the farmers will get
as part of the recent government settlement with tobacco companies.

The bill will be sent to President Clinton, who is expected to approve it.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: EDWARDS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 The Durham Herald Co.

                              308 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                             June 18 1988, Saturday

Aid pledged for drought-hit US farms

BYLINE: From MOHSIN ALI, Washington

SECTION: Issue 63111.

LENGTH: 499 words


With weather forecasts offering little hope of relief, worried senators and
congressmen yesterday called for quick action to aid the nation's farmers in
what may become the most devastating drought since the 1930s.

The legislators warned that action was needed now to save farmers threatened
with economic ruin.


President Reagan, deeply concerned about the drought, has set up a policy group
of senior officials from various government agencies and ordered it to report to
him in two weeks on how to ease the plight of farmers.

Senator Patrick Leahy (Dem, Vermont), chairman of the Senate agriculture
committee, said that some farmers needed aid immediately. 'We know that we need
rain, we know that in two weeks a lot of people are going to be bankrupt.'
Overall, a third of the US spring wheat crop could be destroyed. 'If that's the
case, you've got a virtually unprecedented disaster.' Senator John Melcher (Dem,
Montana) said that 60 per cent of his state's wheat crop was already gone and
'nothing can help it'. Mr Richard Lyng, Agriculture Secretary, told a
congressional hearing that to get the full economic impact of the drought in any
part of the country 'you almost have to go to the harvest period'. He added :
'We will be prepared to consider at that time what sort of economic assistance
might be needed.' He and Vice-President George Bush plan to tour the worst-hit
areas of the drought this weekend.

Mr Lyng said that until his department got a full assessment of the crop damage,
it would focus on helping livestock producers find feed for their animals and
help Congress prepare an economic assistance package.

He said that 'in another 10 days or two weeks the drought will become almost a
catastrophe if we don't get some relief'.

The Mississippi and Ohio rivers, main transportation routes for US grain, have
fallen to historic low levels.

Hot, dry weather is searing crops in the northern plains, parts of the corn
belt, Texas, California and the South. Corn leaves are curling and twisting, a
sign of stress, in Kentucky. North Dakota had record heat in the past week and
soil moisture is the lowest since records began 30 years ago.

The new inter-agency drought policy committee comprises the Secretaries of
Agriculture and the Interior, and officials from the Pentagon, the Energy
Department, the Tennessee Valley Authority, the Federal Emergency Management
Agency, the Vice-President's office and the Office of Management and Budget.

President Reagan wants to make certain that everything that the federal
government can do to assist the farmers will be done, Mr Marlin Fitzwater, the
White House spokesman, said.

Paris Violent thunderstorms and high winds have struck some of the Bordeaux
wine-growing areas of France just as the vines have begun to flower (Philip
Jacobson writes). But prospects for the 1988 harvest are said to remain fairly
encouraging provided there is not another miserable summer like that of 1987.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1988 Times Newspapers Limited

                              309 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                          September 9, 1993, Thursday

AGRICULTURE CHIEF ESPY, NO WASHINGTON NAME, WINS FAME ELSEWHERE WITH FAST AID IN
DISASTERS

BYLINE: BY ROSE GUTFELD

SECTION: Section A; Page 22, Column 1

LENGTH: 29 words


Rose Gutfeld article profiles US Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy; focuses on
Espy's success in getting federal aid to Midwest flood victims; drawing (L)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

GRAPHIC: Diagram

              Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company: Abstracts

                              310 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 13, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Block Says Development Aid Will Go to 'Truly Rural Areas'

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 68, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 104 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 11


Federal aid for rural development programs will be concentrated in ''truly rural
areas'' rather than in those that are becoming more urban, Agriculture Secretary
John R.  Block said today.

''For several years now, the Federal Government has used rural development
programs and funds to encourage a wide range of community projects in urbanizing
areas,'' Mr. Block said. ''Grants of Federal money have even been used to
sponsor studies and plans aimed at teaching communities how to ask for Federal
funding for various projects.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company

                              311 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                          September 26, 2012 Wednesday

25 certified in CPR, first aid

BYLINE: RHONDA WARDLAW, For The Capital

SECTION: A; Pg.6

LENGTH: 851  words


On Sept. 8, the Annapolis Fire Department, in conjunction with Iglesia Hispana
Emmanuel, offered a class with a specific focus on the Spanish-speaking
community. A total of 25 people were certified in the life-saving techniques of
CPR and first aid.

The Annapolis Fire Department has a long history of providing citizen CPR and
first aid courses. Chief David L. Stokes recognizes the life-saving benefits of
CPR and the Annapolis Fire Department is committed to making the saving
educational opportunity available to this significant part of our community.

For more information about future CPR classes, contact the Annapolis Fire
Department's CPR coordinator by email: CPR@annapolis.gov or by phone:
410-263-7975.

Nov. 6 presidential election upcoming

The City of Annapolis wants residents to remember that the next United States
presidential election will be held on Tuesday, Nov. 6. The Anne Arundel County
Board of Election Office is open from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., Monday through
Friday.

The county has a website with valuable information regarding how to register,
how to get an absentee ballot, where the polling places are, and how to take
advantage of early voting. You can also view the general election sample ballot
on this site. To find more information on the November elections, go to
http://www.aacounty.org/elections or call 410-222-6600. You can also email your
questions to elections@aacounty.org

Mosquito spraying in Eastport Monday

The Maryland Department of Agriculture (MDA), in cooperation with the City of
Annapolis and the Anne Arundel County Health Department, will conduct a second
round of mosquito spraying to reduce the risk of West Nile virus in Eastport on
Monday. Weather permitting, spraying will take place beginning at 7:30 p.m. and
go into the early morning hours.

To view the areas being sprayed, go to http://bit.ly/RIYw60. The Maryland
Department of Agriculture recommends that residents in the affected area stay
indoors during spraying.

Spraying will be conducted using MDA spray trucks. The spray material, Biomist
30-30, contains the active ingredient permethrin, and is approved by the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency. For the product label and Material Safety Data
Sheet, visit the MDA web site. For information on health and environmental
effects of permethrin, refer to the National Pesticide Information Center
Technical Sheet found at http://bit.ly/P66kPI

For more information or questions on locations affected, call Mosquito Control
at 410-841-5870.

Volunteers needed to assist students

Volunteer tutors are needed to assist After School Homework Club for elementary
and middle school students. Volunteers will assist students with reading,
language-arts, math, science, and social studies homework assignments. The After
School Homework Club takes place Monday through Thursday, from 3-6 p.m. at the
Stanton Community Center. If interested, please contact Sharon McElfish at
sharonmcelfish@aol.com or call 410-990-0294.

City email notifications

MyAnnapolis is an email-based news service, designed to help anyone with an
interest in the City of Annapolis find out quickly about city government news
and events, employment opportunities and more. It is a "custom" service that
lets you select areas of interest that you want to receive information about.

To subscribe, go to http://bit.ly/w3DmHk and select the appropriate list(s) by
entering a check mark into a box next to the subject of interest. Then, enter
your email address and click the "subscribe" button. It's that simple! When you
will receive a verification email, just follow the instructions.

Annapolis Neighborhood Watch Program

Neighborhood Watch works when citizens take an active role in making their
community safer. The Annapolis Police Department, in cooperation with the
communities it serves, has a Neighborhood Watch Program that is more than 5,000
citizens strong.

Neighborhood Watch is crime prevention program that:

1. Teaches citizens techniques to reduce the risk of being victimized at home
and in public

2. Trains citizens on the importance of recognizing suspicious activities and
how to report them

3. Teaches participants how to make their homes more secure and properly
identify their property

4. Allows neighbors to get to know each other and their routines so that any out
of place activity can be reported and investigated

5. Mostly, Neighborhood Watch ia a cohesive body of concerned citizens
addressing issues that concern the entire community

Neighborhood Watch IS NOT a vigilante force working outside of law enforcement
or a program designed for participants to take personal risks to prevent crime.

Monthly meetings are designed to give members maximum exposure to the latest
trends in personal and community safety through crime updates, multi-community
networking and speakers on related topics. Meetings allow for an exchange of
ideas on how APD can make communities safer and enhance the quality of life in
Annapolis. Meetings held on the second Tuesday of every month. For additional
information contact Sgt. Jessica Kirchner at 410-268-9000 ext 7233 or
jkirchner@annapolis.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Some of the staff and graduates of the first all Spanish CPR class in
Annapolis.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              312 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 16, 1995, Thursday, FIRST EDITION

PHONY HIV TESTS

BYLINE: Paul Leavitt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 244 words


Prosecutors in Jacksonville, Fla., filed 14 charges against Tammy Lynn
Esckilsen, 13, who is accused of calling six University Medical Center emergency
room patients and falsely telling them they had tested positive for the HIV
virus. One 16-year-old victim, who also was falsely told she was pregnant, tried
to kill herself. Felony charges include taking confidential information --
patient names -- from a computer at the hospital, where her mother worked. A
caller ID system led to her arrest.

BEAGLE BRIGADE: At a Washington ceremony, a pioneering pooch in the Agriculture
Department's Beagle Brigade was singled out for honors marking the 10th
anniversary of the dog squad. The dogs are trained to sniff out forbidden
fruits, plants and meat that air travelers illegally try to import. Sam, a
12-year-old beagle, who is retiring, and 10 canine co-workers, including Clueso
from Seattle and Abbott from Miami, took part in the celebration, in which
speakers were greeted with yelps and applause. Sam's big busts were 60 pounds of
sausage from a Polish passenger and 40 pounds of plantains from a Ghanaian.

CHEMICAL WEAPONS: The EPA fined the Army $ 122,300 for releasing a "small amount
of nerve agent" at the Johnston Atoll chemical weapons disposal site in the
Pacific, the Army said. It said there was no health hazard from the release, or
from two other violations covered by the fine. Corrective measures have been
taken, the Army said.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Nationline

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              313 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2014 Friday

Texas: South Korean Network Features TAMU Center on Conflict and Development

LENGTH: 340  words

DATELINE: Austin


Texas A&M University, The State of Texas has issued the following news release:

In the last thirty years, South Korea has transformed itself from a country
receiving international aid to a donor country for international aid. Their
improvements continue to be a model example of international aid and its
success.

Dr. Ed Price, Director of the Center on Conflict and Development at Texas A&M
University and Professor of Agricultural Economics, recently visited South Korea
to speak with development agencies and conduct lectures on agriculture
development and its influence on conflict. Dr. Price was featured on the Korean
television show, Heart to Heart, for an engaging interview on the work of
ConDev, Texas A&M University, and international development.

Heart to Heart journalist, Seung-yun Rah, and Dr. Price discussed topics from
his origins in agriculture to successes and struggles of international
development and agriculture.
Dr. Price credits his service as a Peace Corps Volunteer in Borneo as his
motivation to become involved in agriculture and the international development
of it. Through that experience, Price emphasized the importance of involving
youth in development and the vitality of agriculture. As Dr. Price pointed out,
youth activities, such as 4-H, help to involve and educate future
agriculturalists and leaders.

Highlights from their conversation educated the audience on the positive impacts
agriculture can have on developing countries, especially during conflict
situations. Hunger is often a root cause of conflict; therefore, Price stressed
that improved science and technology, especially with advancements in
agriculture, can have a positive impact in conflict zones.

The Center on Conflict and Development focuses on four main areas, youth, local
institutions, natural resource management, and food security. Dr. Price
highlighted ConDev's work in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Botswana, and
a joint study in Senegal, Liberia, and Ghana.

For further information please visit: http://tamutimes.tamu.edu/

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              314 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                June 22, 1988, Wednesday, North Suncoast Edition

Senator urges relief for drought victims

SOURCE: Associated Press; Reuters

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 427 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



WASHINGTON - The chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee said    Tuesday
that farmers were facing disaster from a devastating drought    and urged quick
action by Congress and the administration to forge a    relief plan.

     "I would hope that we would have a consensus tomorrow on some
legislation," Sen. Patrick Leahy, a Vermont Democrat, said at a news
conference. "You've got to give something to give some hope to some of    these
people."

     Leahy, who led a group of farm state senators to drought areas in    the
Dakotas and Montana last weekend, said in a speech to the Senate    that "a
drought of this magnitude is a national crisis."

     "We saw brown and brittle and sad land," he said. "What I saw    there was
not a disaster in the making. I saw a disaster."

     Weather forecasters continued their pessimistic forecasts Tuesday.

 Norton Strommen, the Agriculture Department's chief meteorologist, said    dry,
hot weather was expected to continue through Thursday, with    temperatures
above 100 degrees in much of the Great Plains.

     Not only are thousands of farmers threatened with bankruptcy, Leahy
said, but American consumers could be hit with significant increases in    food
prices.

     "I think when we see the effect of these prices will be in the    winter
and the spring," he said.

     Administration officials have said, however, that a rise in crop    prices
should not have a major impact on food costs.

     As lawmakers grappled with the problem in Washington, temperatures    hit
record highs Tuesday in more than 40 cities from the Dakotas to the    East
Coast, the National Weather Service said.

     The official highest reading in the lower 48 states was 107 degrees    at
Tucson, Ariz., and Hill City, Kan. The high of 98 at Dickinson,    N.D., was the
10th record there this month. It was only the third time    that Milwaukee has
reached 100 degrees during the past 33 years, the    weather service said.

     Meanwhile, U.S. officials said that movement of grain, oil, metals    and a
host of essential products will continue to be interrupted on the    Mississippi
River as long as the drought persists.

     "Our anticipation is that we are going to have periodic stoppages    of
operation, and our aim is to keep them at a minimum," said Gary    Campbell of
the Army Corps of Engineers.



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company

                              315 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                            Emergency Care Programs

                                 872 E 29th St
                              Brooklyn,  NY 11210
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 718-333-2775
URL: http://www.333care.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://facebook.com/emergencycareny
http://www.facebook.com/emergencycareny
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/emergency-care/29/31/aa5
http://youtube.com/emergencycareny
https://twitter.com/emergencycareny
https://www.linkedin.com/company/467568
https://www.linkedin.com/in/emergencycareny

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 28446978

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Emergency Care Programs is a supplier focussed on Defibrillators, First Aid,
First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Grinding, and 5 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Emergency Care Programs does business in the
Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well as 19 other major
Manufacturing Industries. The company describes itself via it's website thusly:
"Emergency Care is a Programs offering EMT, AED, Automated External
Defibrillator Training for Emergency Medical Technicians in the NYC area."
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Education

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Defibrillators
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Grinding


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Marine
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Safety
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Activated Charcoal
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Bleaches
     ·    Calcium
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Carbon Dioxide
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Gases
     ·    Gels
     ·    Insulin
     ·    Oxygen


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Activated Charcoal, Alcohol, Ambulances, Angles, Automobiles,
Beds, Belts, Bleaches, Blisters, Boats, Booms, Bracelets, Buses, Buttons,
Calcium, Cannulas, Canvas, Capillaries, Carbon, Carbon Dioxide, Catheters,
Chairs, Channels, Charcoal, Chemicals, Chests, Clothing, Cord, Credit Cards,
Cuffs, Defibrillators, Desks, Emergency Kits, Explosives, Face Masks, Feeding
Tubes, Feet, Filters, First Aid, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Flares,
Gases, Gels, Glands, Grinding, Guides, Hazardous Materials, Helicopters,
Humidifiers, Inhibitors, Insulin, Intakes, Jerseys, Leather, Leather Gloves,
Lifts, Lights, Linings, Masks, Measures, Mechanisms, Ointments, Organs, Oxygen,
Personal Watercraft, Pictures, Pins, Platforms, Posts, Protective Clothing,
Railroads, Ramps, Registers, Rings, Rounds, Scales, Scoops, Seats, Sheets, Soap,
Solutions, Special Tools, Springs, Stairs, Stethoscopes, Suspensions, Tablets,
Tags, Telephones, Terminations, Textbooks, Tires, Towels, Traffic Lights,
Transitions, Transmissions, Vessels, Washers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              316 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 11, 2015 Monday

US Contract Award: Department of Agriculture grants Federal contract to Farm
Service Agency (Missouri) Contract worth $442,196.37 for "Purchase of Empty Bags
for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 141  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has granted federal
contract (No. AG-INAE-S-15-0023) on May 8, 2015 for "Purchase of Empty Bags for
U.S. Food Aid Programs" to Farm Service Agency (Missouri), The total value of
the contract is  $442,196.37 .


Contractor Award Details:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity
Office (KCCO) intends to issue solicitation AG-INAE-S-15-0023 (2000003306) for
50kg empty woven polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid
programs. Delivery basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.
 P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact:Julie Stephen,
Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-6524

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              317 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 9, 2015 Saturday

US Contract Award: Department of Agriculture grants Federal contract to Farm
Service Agency (Missouri) Contract worth $442,196.37 for "Purchase of Empty Bags
for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 141  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has granted federal
contract (No. AG-INAE-S-15-0023) on May 8, 2015 for "Purchase of Empty Bags for
U.S. Food Aid Programs" to Farm Service Agency (Missouri), The total value of
the contract is  $442,196.37 .


Contractor Award Details:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity
Office (KCCO) intends to issue solicitation AG-INAE-S-15-0023 (2000003306) for
50kg empty woven polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid
programs. Delivery basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.
 P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact:Julie Stephen,
Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-6524

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              318 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 9, 2015 Saturday

US Contract Award: Department of Agriculture grants Federal contract to Farm
Service Agency (Missouri) Contract worth $442,196.37 for "Purchase of Empty Bags
for U.S. Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 141  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has granted federal
contract (No. AG-INAE-S-15-0023) on May 8, 2015 for "Purchase of Empty Bags for
U.S. Food Aid Programs" to Farm Service Agency (Missouri), The total value of
the contract is  $442,196.37 .


Contractor Award Details:  USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity
Office (KCCO) intends to issue solicitation AG-INAE-S-15-0023 (2000003306) for
50kg empty woven polypropylene bags to be used in U.S. international food aid
programs. Delivery basis is FAS Vessel at U.S. Gulf.
 P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact:Julie Stephen,
Agricultural Marketing Specialist
julie.stephen@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 816-926-6524

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              319 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          February 15, 1997, Saturday

FEDS OK 500G TO REPLACE BUGGED-OUT TREES

BYLINE: By Kimberly Schaye

SECTION: News; Pg.  14

LENGTH: 121 words


ALBANY Uncle Sam has come up with $ 500,000 in seed money to replace trees
devoured by the Asian long-horned beetle.

The money pledged by the U.S. Department of Agriculture will be enough to
replace some 900 trees in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, and Amityville, L.I., that were
infested with the destructive insects.

The state is chopping down and burning the trees this winter in a battle to keep
the beetles from spreading.

"I know how important trees are to the residents of Greenpoint and Amityville,"
said Gov. Pataki, who announced the federal aid. "I am committed to working with
the local communities to develop a responsible tree replacement plan to preserve
and enhance the character of these communities."

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1997 Daily News, L.P.

                              320 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            April 18, 2009 Saturday

Briefs: Grants to aid specialty crops

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 372 words


SACRAMENTO
Grants to aid specialty crops

The California Department of Food and Agriculture is seeking proposals for a
grant program designed to enhance the competitiveness of the state's specialty
crops.

Up to $15 million will be awarded in grant amounts from $75,000 to $500,000 per
project. The department receives funding from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
through its Agricultural Marketing Service.

To apply, eligible nonprofit organizations, local, state and federal government
entities, for-profit organizations, and universities can see
www.cdfa.ca.gov/grants for detailed solicitation and application instructions,
or access the California State Water Resources Control Board's online
application site at http://faast.waterboards.ca.gov .

Prospective applicants may contact the Department of Food and Agriculture's
Federal Funds Management Office at 916-657-3231 or grants@cdfa.ca.gov

MARINA
Workshop covers solar power

The Association of Monterey Bay Area Governments' Energy Watch and Pacific Gas &
Electric Co. will host a free workshop on "Solar Power Basics for Residential
Use" from 9 to 11 a.m. Friday at the Marina Public Library, 190 Seaside Circle.

Preregistration is required. For information or to register, send your name,
organization (if applicable), phone number and e-mail address to
eschell@ambag.org or call the AMBAG office at 883-3750.

PEBBLE BEACH
Lula's Chocolates owner to address Rotary

Scott Lund, founder and owner of Lula's Chocolates in Monterey, will speak at
the Pacific Grove Rotary Club's next weekly lunch meeting, noon to 1:30 p.m.
Tuesday at Peppoli's at the Inn at Spanish Bay.

Cost is $20 for lunch. For reservations, call 649-0657.

DEL REY OAKS
Tax service hosts seminar on mortgages

Bay Tax Service will hold a free seminar on "Mortgage Options in the New
Economy" with Eric Solve from 10:30 a.m. to noon Tuesday at 203 Calle del Oaks.

For information or to register, see www.baytaxservice.com . or call 392-0584.

CARMEL
Chamber luncheon includes wine tasting

The Carmel Chamber of Commerce will hold its fourth annual members luncheon
Thursday at Rancho Cañada Golf Club, 4860 Carmel Valley Road. Wine tasting
starts at 11:30 p.m., with the luncheon at noon.

Cost is $30. For information, call 624-2522.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              321 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 23, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Drought Disaster Covers 40% of Nation's Counties

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 1101 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 22


The Agriculture Department today added 102 counties to the list of drought
disaster areas and declared that the drought emergency exists in more than 40
percent of the nation's counties.

Secretary of Agriculture Richard E. Lyng has so far designated 1,231 counties in
30 states as disaster areas, making them eligible for a variety of aid and
relief programs. Five days ago, about 1,000 counties in 20 states had been
designated.

The Secretary's statements today were the strongest response yet by the Reagan
Administration in the face of dry conditions stretching from New Mexico to
Pennsylvania and from Idaho to South Carolina.

''This could be, if the weather continues, such a catastrophic thing,'' said Mr.
Lyng. ''Rural communities could suffer devastating damage.''

As Mr. Lyng spoke, temperature records were broken in many areas across the
continent for the fourth straight day, with no relief in sight.

Forecast Is Bleak

Mr. Lyng's statement came at a hearing held by an 18-member Congressional panel
that is monitoring the drought and the Agriculture Department's responses. At
the hearing, the panel and the Administration approved general proposals that
the Agriculture Department and the Congress could pursue. They are intended to
alleviate drought-related hardships.

Some of the most influential members of both houses are on the 18-member panel,
and the sense of urgency coupled with agreement on the need for assistance cut
across party lines.

Panel members include Senator Patrick J. Leahy, a Vermont Democrat and chairman
of the Senate Agriculture Committee; Senator Bob Dole of Kansas, the minority
leader; Senator Richard G. Lugar, Republican of Indiana, and Representative E.
(Kika) de la Garza, a Texas Democrat who is chairman of the House Agriculture
Committee.

Lawmakers were concerned about statements by the Administration that the drought
might cause food prices to rise. Representative Charlie Rose, Democrat of North
Carolina, said he feared that some companies might take advantage of such
statements to profiteer from the droughts. ''The department must be careful not
to give food manufacturers unnecessary opportunity to raise prices,'' he said.

More and more, said lawmakers, the damage to crops looks like it could be of
historic proportions. The Agriculture Department's chief meteorologist, Norton
T. Strommen, said today that the forecast over the next 10 days, a critical
period in the growing season for corn, calls for continued hot, rainless weather
throughout most of the drought-stricken region.

Soybean Crop Is Threatened

Mr. Strommen also told the Congressional panel that, if the Middle West and
South do not receive at least two inches of rain in early July, a substantial
portion of the soybean crop also could be in danger.It had earlier been reported
that half of the wheat, barley and oat crops in the northern Great Plains may be
lost.

Mr. Lyng said President Reagan has expressed keen interest in the drought.
Today, the task force Mr. Reagan established last week to assess the damage and
decide how to deal with it through existing programs convened for its second
meeting at the Agriculture Department.

The task force is made up of top officials from the Department of Agriculture,
the Office of the Vice President, and leading officials of the Energy
Department, the Department of the Interior, the Army Corps of Engineers, the
Federal Emergency Management Administration and the Department of Commerce. The
meeting was not public.

More Remedies Considered

On Capitol Hill, the Congressional panel members agreed to seek administrative
remedies and possibly new legislation to protect consumers, farmers, and rural
communities.

In a broad policy framework that was approved today, the lawmakers said they
wanted the Agriculture Department to expand emergency programs recently put into
effect that would enable livestock farmers to gain corn and other feed from
Government stocks at reduced or subsidized prices.

Mr. Lyng said ranchers and dairy farmers have been the first to suffer. Feed is
scarce in many regions of the country.

Mr. Lyng agreed to use all of his authority to restructure loans, especially
those from the Agriculture Department's chief lending agency, the Farmers Home
Administration, if farmers affected by the drought would benefit from lower
interest rates or deferred payments.

In addition, Mr. Lyng said the Agriculture Department is prepared to extend
emergency loans, as happened in 1986, when emergency loans were extended in a
severe drought in the Deep South. Loans for less than $100,000 carried a 5
percent interest charge over seven years. Larger loans carried an 8 percent
interest charge, said Mr. Lyng.

Some Proposals Rejected

Mr. Lyng, however, rejected a proposal that would allow farmers to havest grain
on land that had been left idle this year. Oats and other grains had been
planted on some of that land as a cover crop, said Mr. Lyng. But it would be
unfair and even unwise, he said, to ''change the rules in the middle of the
game.''

Mr. Lyng also rejected a proposal that would enable farmers to recover 92
percent of their income support payments even if they did not plant a grain
crop. This proposal, said its supporters, recognized that farmers have chosen
simply not to plant a crop where they know seeds will not germinate and where
they fear erosion from the wind.

Mr. Lyng said he had no plans to slow export sales of American grain, and corn
has been selling especially well in recent weeks.

Other Ideas Put Forth

Several lawmakers today suggested other ideas to aid farmers that clearly
sparked the Agriculture Secretary's interest. Senator David H. Pryor, a Democrat
from Arkansas, suggested that farmers ought to be allowed to cut grass alongside
interstate highways and use it as a source of forage.

In many states, the only green grass is found along the superhighway system. Mr.
Lyng said he thought the idea was sound, and said he would pass it along to nine
governors he is meeting in Chicago on Thursday.

Another lawmaker, Representative E. Thomas Coleman, a Republican of Missouri,
suggested allowing cattle to drink from watering holes located on eroded land
that is to be left idle, under a Federal program enacted in 1985, for 10 years
to recover.

Last week, Mr. Lyng approved a change in the law and allowed farmers to harvest
forage from such land. Grazing cattle on this fragile land is prohibited,
though. Mr. Coleman said that ''cattle would only drink, not graze.'' Mr. Lyng
said he would consider the suggestion.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Richard E. Lyng (pg. A18) (Reuters)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                              322 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                August 11, 1991, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition

DROUGHT WITHERS CROPS YIELDS, PRICES BOTH LOW FOR SOME FARMERS

BYLINE: Jerri Stroud Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1G

LENGTH: 806 words


Drought is creeping across parts of Missouri, Illinois and other Midwestern
states, withering crops and leading politicians to seek federal disaster aid for
farmers.  So far, the drought is far less widespread than in the sizzling summer
of 1988. But that makes it all the more insidious, officials and analysts said.
In 1988, searing heat scorched a wide swath across the Corn Belt, prompting
grain traders to bid up corn and soybean prices on the Chicago Board of Trade,
said Becky Doyle, director of the Illinois Agriculture department.  ''This
(drought is so spotty that prices aren't going up because some farmers are
having good crops,'' Doyle said. ''The ones who have the drought not only face
reduced yields but also low prices.  ''It's going to be a tough income problem
for farmers this year,'' said Doyle, who farms with her husband near Gillespie,
about 40 miles northeast of St. Louis.  The experience of farmers around St.
Louis shows the erratic effects of this year's weather.  The gully-washing rain
of July 11 brought relief to many bi-state grain farmers, providing the only
moisture in a month of plant-shriveling heat.  ''We were among the lucky ones,''
said Don Luking of Hoffman, Ill., about 50 miles east of St. Louis in Clinton
County. His farm got an inch of rain early last week and 4 inches in mid-July.
Luking called the rains ''a godsend.'' This year's harvest ''may be the best
crop we ever had,'' he said. Barely 15 miles south of Luking's farm, Clarence
Harre of Nashville has watched his corn deteriorate steadily since he planted it
in mid-May.  ''We haven't had much moisture since the first part of June,''
Harre said.  His farm got only 1.7 inches on July 11, when parts of St. Louis
County got more than 5 inches of rain. His farm netted little from last week's
storm clouds.  Harre says ears on his corn plants are small, and they may not be
filled to the tips. He was hoping to reap 100 or more bushels an acre, but now
will feel lucky to get 90.  The mid-July storm created a disaster for Mike
Bockhorst of Troy, Mo., who farms along the Cuivre River in Lincoln County. The
flooding river killed about a fourth of Bockhorst's corn, damaged another fourth
and left the rest in questionable condition.  The flood dashed Bockhorst's hopes
that his corn crop would make up for the poor-quality wheat he harvested in late
June. His wheat yields were a little better than half of normal, and prices were
worse.  Bockhorst expects to harvest only half of his soybeans, which were
planted just before the flood.  ''When you add them together it comes up
hurting,'' Bockhorst said with a wry laugh.  Better to laugh than cry, Bockhorst
said. ''You can't do anything else about it.'' Weekly crop reports have shown a
gradual worsening of the corn crop in Missouri and Illinois over the last two
months. Soybeans are showing signs of stress, too.  As of last Monday, the
Missouri Agricultural Statistics Service reported that none of the Missouri corn
crop was in excellent shape and that only 18 percent was in good condition. The
service said 27 percent was in poor or very poor condition.  In Illinois, only
27 percent of the corn crop was in good or excellent condition, down from 33
percent the week before. The Illinois Agricultural Statistics service said 35
percent was in poor or very poor condition.  Scattered rains last week may
revive the soybeans, observers said. But rain can do little for the corn crop
now. Many corn plants are beginning to turn brown at the bottom, a sign that
they have reached maturity and are beginning to dry out for harvest.  Gov. Jim
Edgar toured farms last week in northern and eastern Illinois. He is expected to
ask U.S. Agriculture Secretary Edward Madigan for disaster aid there and in
Southern Illinois, where diseases decimated winter wheat.  Madigan, a former
congressman from Illinois, says farmers have been calling his home in Virginia,
pleading for aid because their crops are dying.  Madigan pledged to work with
Congress on disaster relief. But the White House has threatened to veto any aid
bills.  Madigan said any aid would have to wait until after harvest, when
officials can gauge the extent of damage.  Doyle, the Illinois agriculture
secretary, said the prospects for aid are iffy at best. The House passed a
disaster aid bill before going home for the August recess, but the Senate hasn't
acted. ''Even if they pass it, (President George Bush will have to sign it''
before farmers can get anything, she said.  Doyle and Edgar have been lobbying
Illinois senators and members of Congress at the Illinois State Fair in
Springfield, Doyle said. Many have promised to work for aid when they return to
Washington in September.  ''The awareness level is rising,'' Doyle said.  This
story contains some information from wire services.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO By L.T. Spence/Post-Dispatch...Lincoln County farmer Mike
Bockhorst standing in a cornfield damaged by July flooding.

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              323 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             March 28, 2005 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Stetson to host lecture series on 20 years in Russia

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 546  words


A lecture tonight at Stetson University the second in a series of five examining
Russia 20 years after Mikhail Gorbachevs rise to power is titled Remaking
Russias Second Capital: St. Petersburg in a Time of Change. Alexander Sungurov
of St.

Petersburg State University and the Kennan Institute will speak at 7 p.m. in
Room 123 of the Lynn Business Center, 345 N. Woodland Blvd., on the DeLand
campus. Other upcoming speeches in the series, all in Room 122 of the Lynn
Business Center, include:*Stefan Hedlund, Economic Meltdown in Russia: Is
Gorbachev to Blame? 7 p.m., April 7.*Harley Balzer, Russian Politics and Society
Since 1985, 7 p.m., April 13.*Lawrence Uzzell, Church- State Relations: Shaking
off the Past? 7 p.m., April 20. MONSTER MASH Two more lectures connected to the
national traveling exhibit Frankenstein: Penetrating the Secrets of Nature, are
planned for this week at Stetson: Stuart Curran, a professor of English at the
University of Pennsylvania, will discuss Frankenstein and Science, at 4 p.m.
today in the Rinker Auditorium at Lynn Business Center. Curran will explore
developments in chemistry in the early 19th century and how they relate to
themes in Mary Shelleys novel. Also, Patricia Matthew, professor of English at
Montclair State University in New Jersey, will discuss Shelley the novelist at 7
p.m. Thursday in Room 25 of Stetsons Instructional Media Center on the north
side of the duPont Ball Library, 134 E. Minnesota Ave. Her lecture is titled:
Beyond Victors Monster: Mary Shelleys Corpus and the Romantic Novel. AIDS IN
AFRICA Devi Sarinjeive, a professor of English at the University of South
Africa, will discuss HIV/AIDS, literature and health issues in her homeland
during a lecture Wednesday at Daytona Beach Community College. The talk, slated
for 2 to 4 p.m., in Room 112 of Building 110 on the Daytona Beach campus. ERAU
DEAN HONORED Tim Brady, dean of the College of Aviation at Embry-Riddle
Aeronautical University, was named winner of the 2005 Excellence in Pilot
Training Award by the National Air Transportation Association. Brady was
specifically cited for distinction in both the civilian and military sectors of
the aviation industry as a highly knowledgeable and experienced aviator,
teacher, administrator and writer. GUATEMALAN HONOR The Guatemalan government
recently cited Stetsons Alliance for International Reforestation for its work to
improve forests and agriculture in the Central American country. Since 1993, AIR
has helped plant millions of trees, install several hundred fuel- efficient
stoves, establish more than 50 tree nurseries, publish environmental childrens
books, train teachers at more than 150 schools and instruct hundreds of farmers
in sustainable agriculture. The Guatemalan National Institute of Forests named
AIR as its 2004 best nongovernmental organization. AID WORKSHOPS A financial aid
workshop for students and parents at Seminole Community College is designed to
demystify the process. The free session starts at 7 p.m. Wednesday in the
Sanford/Lake Mary Campus Fine Arts Concert Hall (Building G). Application
deadlines, how to avoid costly errors when filing for federal aid and tips for
student transfers will be among the topics discussed. Compiled by Education
Writer Mark Harper

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2005 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2005 News-Journal Corporation

                              324 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            November 28, 2005 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Florida's Agriculture Industry Needs Federal Help After Storms

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 455 words


Sen. Mel Martinez is asking the federal government for $2 billion in emergency
aid for Florida farmers and citrus growers whose livelihoods were wrecked by
this year's hurricanes.

Unlike most farm subsidies, this is a good bill because it would make growers of
specialty crops eligible for emergency aid and not create long-term dependency.

Martinez's proposed recovery package, backed by Sen. Bill Nelson and the rest of
Florida's congressional delegation, is sure to face a fight in a Congress that
faces competing interests and an escalating national debt. Still, our senators
are right: Florida's besieged farmers cannot be forgotten in appropriations for
hurricane relief.

Producers of nursery crops grown in greenhouses suffered half of Florida's
agriculture losses from hurricanes Dennis, Katrina, Rita and Wilma. All told,
Florida farmers lost roughly $1.2 billion in crops and structures.

Other segments of Florida agriculture also got hit hard. The citrus industry
predicts $180 million in crop losses. Vegetable growers lost $311 million.
Cotton and peanut farmers in the Panhandle say they've lost $18 million. And the
tropical aquaculture industry lost $7.6 million.

The bill also would help offset losses in livestock, fisheries and sugar, and
provide $40 million to help replace lost housing for farm laborers.

Critics will object that Congress already subsidizes American agriculture to the
tune of $30 billion each year, but most of the money goes to large agribusiness
rather than family farms. In Florida, for example, Big Sugar already receives
substantial assistance from the federal government in the form of tariff
protections, which is why offering more federal aid to that segment should be
carefully reviewed.

At any rate, the Martinez bill is not a bailout of agribusinesses wrecked by
poor management or overproduction. This is true disaster aid.

Sure, farming is a risky venture, but Florida's agriculture industry stands more
on its own than most of the large conglomerates in the Midwest. Only 4 percent
of Florida's crops draw federal assistance through commodity support programs.
The only safety net when catastrophe strikes is federal relief.

Congress has already spent more than $72 billion in Katrina relief, but as
Martinez points out, not much has been done to address agriculture and nothing
has been designated for Hurricane Wilma relief.

Agriculture is the second-largest industry in Florida with a $62 billion impact
on our state's economy. It is a hugely important industry that needs short-term
help. The appropriation sought by Martinez, which has its match in the House,
would help.

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OUR OPINION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                              325 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                   September 10, 2003 Wednesday CITY EDITION

FARMERS TURN UP THE HEAT
DURING A VISIT TO EXAMINE DROUGHT DAMAGE IN SHRIVELED CORNFIELDS, GOV. PAWLENTY
IS TOLD MORE FARM DEBT ISN'T THE ANSWER.

BYLINE: Bill Salisbury, Pioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 418 words


MAZEPPA, Minn. -- While getting a firsthand look at Carl and Joyce Larson's
drought-stricken farm here Tuesday, Gov. Tim Pawlenty also found a decided lack
of enthusiasm for the low-interest disaster-aid loans he is seeking from the
federal government.

"I don't feel a low-interest loan is the answer. A loan is just going to put you
deeper in debt," Carl Larson told Pawlenty as they examined shriveled ears of
corn.

"Farmers need some kind of program that puts money in their pocket," Larson
said. Without cash, they won't be able to buy the seed, fertilizer, feed and
fuel they will need next year.

About 25 of Larson's southeastern Minnesota farm neighbors came to his farm to
tell the governor about their plight, and many agreed they couldn't afford more
debt.

Pawlenty couldn't offer much help. For now, he said, farmers will have to rely
on crop insurance and most likely federal loans to offset their losses. State
Agriculture Commissioner Gene Hugoson told the farmers that at a time of rising
federal budget deficits, it is unlikely Congress will provide more farm aid.

But Pawlenty said that if crop insurance and federal loans fail to meet farmers'
needs, "I'm sure the Legislature would be willing to provide emergency
assistance" next year.

In his 65 years of farming here, Larson said he has never seen a drought as
severe as this one. It hasn't rained on his farm in more than two months.

He estimated he has already lost about half of his corn crop and probably will
have to buy silage to feed his 100-plus beef cattle and sell his feeder calves
instead of fattening them for slaughter. But the drought won't put him out of
business, he said.

The farmers told Pawlenty the drought is spotty. While some farmers, like
Larson, already have lost much of their crops, others just a few miles away are
expecting good yields.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has projected Minnesota's crop loss at $1.1
billion, Hugoson said. A preliminary survey indicated 49 or 50 of the state's 87
counties are eligible for federal aid, and that number is likely to grow. He
said state officials plan to submit their initial damage assessment to the USDA
by the end of the week, and the department will respond in 30 to 60 days.

Pawlenty said the one-hour visit to Larson's farm reinforced his view that the
drought is a "major crisis. It is a very significant challenge to Minnesota
farmers."

Bill Salisbury can be reached at bsalisbury@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5538.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: JODI OSHAUGHNESSY OLSON, ROCHESTER POST-BULLETIN

Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty, right, opened an ear of drought-dried corn on the
farm of Carl Larson, left, in Mazeppa on Tuesday. About 25 of Larson's neighbors
came to tell the governor that farmers need cash for seed, feed, fuel and
fertilizer.

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              326 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 20, 1992, Friday, Final Edition

F.E. Pinder II Dies;
State Dept. Official

SECTION: METRO; PAGE C9; OBITUARIES

LENGTH: 681 words


Frank E. Pinder II, 84, a retired agricultural official with the Agency for
International Development who had extensive experience in Africa, died of cancer
March 15 at his home in Chevy Chase.

Mr. Pinder joined the State Department in 1940. In 1944, he went to Liberia as
an agricultural consultant, and he remained in Africa almost continuously until
he retired about 1968.

He worked for the successive foreign assistance programs of the U.S. government
over the years and joined AID when it was formed in 1961. In addition to
Liberia, his assignments included Ghana and Ethiopia.

Mr. Pinder twice received the State Department's Meritorious Service Award.

A native of Key West, Fla., Mr. Pinder graduated from what is now Florida A&M
University. He received a master's degree in agriculture at Cornell University.
He was a farm agent with the U.S. Department of Agriculture in Florida until he
joined the State Department.

In retirement, he was a consultant to AID. He also wrote an autobiography,
"Pinder, From Little Acorns."

Mr. Pinder received the Mary McLeod Bethune Medallion from Bethune-Cookman
College in Daytona Beach, Fla., and honorary doctoral degrees from Morris Brown
College in Atlanta and Monrovia College in Liberia. He donated his collection of
African art to Florida A&M University, and he was a member of the school's Hall
of Fame and a recipient of its Outstanding Alumnus Award.

Mr. Pinder also was a member of the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, the Cornell
University Alumni Association and St. Stephen & the Incarnation Episcopal Church
in Washington.

His marriage to Terrecita E. Pinder ended in divorce.

Survivors include three children, Terrecita E. Pinder-Watkis of Hempstead, N.Y.,
Frank E. Pinder III of Los Angeles and Dorothea I. Pinder of San Francisco; a
brother, Alexander Pinder of Camden, N.J.; and five grandchildren.

ARTHUR J. BROERING

Medical Library Official


Arthur J. Broering, 59, an architect who was an official of the National Library
of Medicine, died of cancer March 15 at Georgetown University Hospital. An area
resident and employee of the National Institutes of Health for 30 years, he
lived in Reston.

Mr. Broering retired in January as deputy director of the library's extramural
programs, which provide grants to outside activities related to the medical
library.

He previously was an architect in the NIH health research facilities branch and
a construction officer at the library and chief of its resource division. He was
named deputy director in 1974.

Mr. Broering was born in Covington, Ky. He attended Vanderbilt University and
received a bachelor's degree in architecture from the University of Cincinnati.

He served in the Marine Corps in the early 1950s.

Mr. Broering received the Superior Service Award of the former Department of
Health, Education and Welfare.

He was a member of the American Institute of Architects, the Medical Library
Association and St. John Neumann Catholic Church in Reston.

Survivors include his wife, Naomi C. Broering of Reston; a sister, Hilda
Landwehr of Indianapolis; and three brothers, Robert Broering of Indianapolis,
Leo Broering of Fort Wright, Ky., and William Broering of Fort Thomas, Ky.

MARGARET MARIE MIDKIFF

Pharmacy Assistant


Margaret Marie Midkiff, 67, a retired pharmacy assistant in a Washington
drugstore and a member of the Seventh-Day Adventist Church, died of cancer March
18 at Florida Hospital in Altamont Springs, Fla.

Miss Midkiff was a resident of Adelphi, and she was visiting family when she was
stricken.

A native West Virginia, she grew up there and in Takoma Park. She graduated from
Takoma Academy and attended the old Alexander Hospital nursing school.

She worked at a pharmacy at Connecticut Avenue and McKinley Street NW from 1943
until she retired in 1970 for health reasons.

Survivors include three brothers, John Reuben Midkiff and Raleigh F. Midkiff,
both of Orlando, and Alotha B. Midkiff of Adelphi, and three sisters, L. Isabel
Starcher of Adelphi, Esther Maas of Greenbelt and Patricia Ann Mosheim of
Richmond.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: OBITUARY

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post

                              327 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 25, 1993, Thursday, City Edition

Chiles supports reporting HIV carriers

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; CAPITAL DIGEST; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 475 words



Gov. Lawton Chiles said Wednesday he supports reporting the names of people  who
carry the AIDS virus, but not until there is public confidence the names  would
be kept private. Many opponents to reporting, including AIDS activists  and
nurses, argue that people will not get tested for acquired immune  deficiency
syndrome if doctors are required to report names of patients  carrying the
virus. Florida is one of 15 states that don't require the  reporting of people
who have tested positive for HIV, the virus that causes  AIDS. Under current
law, the names of people with full-blown AIDS are reported  to public health
clinics but private doctors are banned from reporting the  names of patients who
carry HIV but haven't developed the disease.

Governor on TV call-in show tonight

If you want to ask Gov. Lawton Chiles a question, you have a chance tonight.
The governor will participate in a "televised dialogue" with viewers across  the
state during a one-hour edition of Florida Face to Face. The broadcast,
produced by the public television station in Tallahassee, will be carried from
8 to 9 p.m. in the Tampa Bay area on WUSF-Ch. 16. Viewers can call in their
questions to the governor at (800) 322-9378, or (904) 487-3200.

Chiles calls for lobbyist, vote reforms

In a letter to legislative leaders Wednesday, Gov. Lawton Chiles urged passage
of election reforms and lobbyist disclosure issues that are pending in the
House and Senate. Chiles commended the Senate for including a requirement that
lobbyists disclose their fees in a bill that won committee approval last week,
and he urged the House to force more disclosure so that Floridians will know
more about the special interests that seek to influence the passage and
rejection of laws that affect their lives. Citizens will only have a fair
chance to be heard when no one interest group has an unbridled opportunity to
dominate the legislative process and override the public good, Chiles said.

Senate orders access to migrant camps

Social workers, doctors and lawyers would have rights of access to migrant
farmworker camps under a bill passed 38-0 Wednesday by the Senate. The
legislation, which now moves to the House, also provides a way for workers to
bring complaints about housing conditions to the Department of Health and
Rehabilitative Services without fear of retribution. The measure is an
outgrowth from problems that lawyers, physicians and social workers had in
getting access to some of the 452 Florida camps, which house about 41,770
migrant workers. The Senate voted unanimously for an amendment by Sen. Rick
Dantzler, D-Winter Haven, reducing the potential fine for violations of
sanitary conditions from $ 10,000 per violation to the current level of $ 500.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company

                              328 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

China goes from hungry nation to farm giant that feeds the world

LENGTH: 411  words


While China feeds the world's largest population, it is also feeding starving
people across the world, playing an important role in helping tackle global
hunger, experts said.

While China feeds the world's largest population, it is also feeding starving
people across the world, playing an important role in helping tackle global
hunger, experts said.

"As a major responsible country, China is making full efforts to eliminate
famine across the world," said Wang Sangui, a professor of economics and rural
development at Renmin University of China.

Wang said increasing investment in, and support for, agriculture is guaranteeing
the country's food production growth and making China a major supplier of food
aid in the world.

He said 2005 was an important year, when the United Nations World Food Program
officially ended aid to China, and the country has since emerged as one of the
world's major food aid donors.

The latest WFP report, released in 2013, showed that China provided 243,000
metric tons of food aid in 2012, a more than 100 percent year-on-year increase
that made the country the fifth-largest donor, after the United States, Japan,
Brazil and Canada.

China continues contributing aid to the world, most recently in early October,
when it provided $6 million in food aid to the WFP to help Sierra Leone, Liberia
and Guinea, all hit by the Ebola virus, according to the Ministry of Commerce.

The WFP estimated that 1 million people in the three countries will suffer from
food shortages in the coming months because of the disease.

Wang conceded that China has its own resource limitations, but he was optimistic
about conquering them.

"Even though China itself has a huge population, shrinking arable land and water
scarcity, authorities are increasing investment in and strengthening support to
agriculture through technological innovation to maintain steady growth in food
production," Wang said.

In the past four years, China planted hybrid rice, with an expected yield of 15
metric tons per hectare, in 8.7 million hectares of farmland in 17 provinces and
regions, said Tang Ke, an official of Ministry of Agriculture.

Agriculture Minister Han Changfu noted in a news conference last year that China
feeds 20 percent of the world population with 9 percent of the world's arable
land.

"We are transforming from food aid receiver to major food donor, showing our
achievements in agriculture," Han said.

wangqian@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily USA 10/16/2014 page6)

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved

                              329 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            September 9, 1991 Monday
                                  Late Edition

HUNGRY SOVIET UNION WORRIES WASHINGTON

BYLINE: Source: The New York Times

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 597 words


Predicting a poor Soviet harvest and concerned that financing problems may delay
Western food aid, US Administration and private experts on agriculture are
increasingly worried about how the Soviet Union will feed itself this winter.

The consensus of agriculture experts in and outside government is that the
Soviet harvest will be as much as 25 per cent smaller than last year's.
Political turmoil after the failed coup against the Soviet President, Mr
Gorbachev, has delayed the gathering of crops, experts say, adding that the
harvest may be even smaller if the work is delayed any further.

In response to an urgent request from Soviet authorities soon after the coup
plot was foiled, the US President, Mr Bush, announced two weeks ago that he
would make $US315 million of $US500 million in agricultural loan guarantees for
the Soviets that had been planned for October 1 available immediately.

The Soviets wanted to begin moving grain in September to ensure that their
antiquated distribution system did not become overloaded in October.

But a senior Department of Agriculture official said at the weekend that no US
or foreign bank had yet come forward to claim any of the guarantees, so no grain
was being prepared for shipment.

"The President's purpose will not be served if that $US315 million is not
touched," the official said, adding that Soviet officials had asked the US for
help in financing the deal.

Mr Bush authorised $US1.5 billion in loan guarantees for the Soviet Union on
June 11. The first instalment of $US600 million was given then to the Soviet
authorities, who needed a month to find banks willing to lend.

The final instalment of $US400 million is scheduled for February.

A broad consensus in favour of large-scale food aid to the Soviet Union emerged
in London on August 29 at a meeting of the heads of State of the Group of Seven
countries.

The US and Japan have been concerned that food aid may be wasted if it rots on
arrival for lack of transport, as reportedly happened to some grain last year.
But they nonetheless support aid this year as a way to stave off possible civil
disorder.

Even with last year's record harvest, the transport and distribution problems
endemic to the Soviet system created local shortages as grain, fruit and
vegetables never made it from regions of surplus to areas that grow little of
their own food. And officials of two large grain-producing republics, Russia and
the Ukraine, have said they will ensure their own populations are fed before
allowing food to go to other republics.

Soviet State farms have become less willing to sell their crops privately for
fear of being accused of speculation in the current turmoil, although their
alternatives are to sell to an inefficient State system or allow grain to rot in
the fields.

"It is our expectation that the Soviet harvest will be considerably less than it
was last year, and you will recall that even with the dimensions of last year's
harvest there were still some problems within the Soviet Union,"the US
Agriculture Secretary, Mr Edward Madigan, said.

"So we would anticipate that with a diminished harvest, those problems would be
exacerbated even if the relationships between the republics were clearly
understood today."

Private experts disagree about whether time may be running out for large-scale
shipments.

Ms Carol Brookins, the president of World Perspectives Inc, a Washington
agriculture consulting firm, said: "If they don't get it moved in the
September-November period, it's going to be even harder to move in December,
January and February, during the Soviet winter."

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: Soviet military academy students study the first edition of the
Evening St Petersburg. The newspaper had previously been called the Evening
Leningrad

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1991 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              330 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                          Hendry Construction Svc Inc.

                             1160 US Highway 202 S
                             Branchburg,  NJ 08876
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 908-725-9500
URL: http://www.hendryconstructionservices.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Hendry-Construction-Services-Inc/216938348467258
http://www.linkedin.com/company/hendry-construction-services-inc-/general-contra
cting-construction-management-general-construction-22617591/product

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 2963725

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Hendry Construction Svc Inc. is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on
Panels, Control Rooms, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Demolition Services, and 6
other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Hendry Construction
Svc Inc. does business in the Agriculture, Biomedical, and Chemistry Industries,
as well as 12 other major Manufacturing Industries.
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; Construction

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
23622000
SIC CODES:
15420101
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Panels
     ·    Control Rooms


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Control Rooms
     ·    First Aid Kits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Demolition Services
     ·    Safety Training Programs


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Construction
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Carbide
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Gases
     ·    Hydrochloric Acid
     ·    Marble
     ·    PVC
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Acid, Aerial Lifts, Alcohol, Arrows, Automatic Doors, Bollards,
Booms, Briefs, Carbide, Charcoal, Chemicals, Control Rooms, Corner Guards,
Demolition Services, Epoxy Flooring, Fall Protection Equipment, Feet, Filters,
First Aid, First Aid Kits, Flooring, Forklifts, Forks, Gases, Generators,
Guards, HVAC Systems, Hydrochloric Acid, Jerseys, Lifts, Lighting, Marble,
Medical Devices, Microwave, Overalls, Panels, Partitions, Pharmaceutical,
Pharmaceuticals, Piping, Profiles, PVC, Rails, Safety Training Programs, Scissor
Lifts, Scopes, Sinks, Sprinklers, Stainless Steel, Steel, Suspended Ceilings,
Window Frames

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              331 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for
"Bulgur/Soy Fortified Bulgur Commodity Requirements Document"

LENGTH: 220  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency Officer has issued requirement
for "Bulgur/Soy Fortified Bulgur Commodity Requirements Document."

Solicitation no. AG-IPD-BWSF15      Posted on: Aug 21, 2013

Notice Type: Special Notice

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Description: Agriculture is a buyer of domestic origin food commodities for use
in various U.S. Government international food aid programs and, from time to
time, issues solicitations to purchase a variety of commodities. Specifications
for commodity purchases are generally published in Commodity Requirements
Documents (CRD) available on the Kansas City Commodity Office's (KCCO) website.
Each solicitation to purchase for international food aid programs will clearly
identify the requirements document applicable in accordance with FAR 11.201(b)

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: N/A

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205
Mail Stop 8698
Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Tracee Houston,
Contracts Specialist
Tracee.houston@kcc.usda.gov
Phone: 8169266684

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=form&id=b33630d5b8ed66747aabd8f493f
7deb8&tab=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other
content needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              332 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 14, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

METRO NEWS BRIEFS: NEW YORK;
$172 Million in U.S. Aid Along Upstate Canals

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 4; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 134 words

DATELINE: OSWEGO


The Federal Government will provide $172 million in assistance to help
revitalize small communities along the state's canal system, officials announced
yesterday.

The money will be used to help economic growth, job creation, tourism, housing
construction and structural improvements in more than two dozen counties along
the state's 524-mile canal network. Andrew Cuomo, the Secretary of Housing and
Urban Development, and Dan Glickman, Secretary of Agriculture, announced the aid
package in Oswego and in Lockport.

The assistance is an outgrowth of the New York Recreationway Plan, developed by
the state in 1995. The plan is meant to turn the historic Erie Canal and
connecting waterways into a major tourism destination that will generate
economic development in adjacent communities.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Dan Glickman, Secretary of Agriculture, left, with
Representative John M. McHugh of northern New York, at the Barge Canal in
Oswego, N.Y. (Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company

                              333 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           January 30, 2008 Wednesday

Bush presses to allow food aid from farmers abroad

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 515 words


DESMOND BUTLER

WASHINGTON -- President Bush is making a renewed push to allow the government to
spend food aid money to buy crops in poor countries. Congress is unlikely to go
along.

Bush has asked Congress to change a law that requires food supplies for foreign
aid to be bought in the United States.

Lawmakers from states with large agricultural industries are opposing the
proposal on grounds that American farmers should continue to benefit from the
aid program. Congress members, nearing completion of a bill that would govern
how the administration spends about $1.2 billion in aid, so far have not
included loosened restrictions on food aid sourcing.

Bush mentioned the issue in Monday's State of the Union address. He urged
Congress to make the changes that he argued would "help break the cycle of
famine" in countries that receive U.S. food aid.

The administration and aid groups have argued that the current policy slows
efforts to deliver food to disaster areas, sometimes by months. Critics also say
it harms farmers in developing countries by denying them markets that could help
them and the people who would work with them out of grinding poverty.

"In some cases, food aid coming from the United States puts local farmers at a
disadvantage," said Laura Rusu, a spokeswoman for Oxfam America.

Bush's latest request for the change comes less than three weeks before he is to
go to Africa, where he is likely to highlight his administration's efforts to
fight HIV-AIDS, malaria and other diseases and poverty.

Keith Williams, a spokesman for the Agriculture Department, says the
administration is continuing to push Congress to approve the sourcing changes,
and mentioning the issue Monday was an attempt to press the case.

With less than a year in his presidency and his popularity at low levels, Bush
lacks the political muscle to push unpopular proposals through Congress.
Traditionally, agricultural interests are quite strong politically.

Anti-poverty groups who have been critical of the current policy are skeptical
that the administration is determined enough or even politically capable of
winning over Congress.

"I don't see that this is going to happen," said Marianne Leach, director of
government affairs for the anti-poverty group CARE. "We have not heard about
anything that the administration is doing to make this happen."

Some U.S. lawmakers, who oppose Bush's proposal, argue that massive agricultural
purchases in developing countries could disrupt local economies and drive up
prices for important staples beyond the crisis areas targeted by aid.

"I agree with the president that we should strengthen the emergency response
capability of U.S. food assistance," said Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa,
chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee in a statement. "Allowing some
local purchase of food in poor countries seems to have promise, but let's be
careful about wholesale change."

The Senate version of the bill would include $25 million -- a small fraction of
the overall food aid budget-- for a four-year experimental program to test the
idea of buying crops abroad.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              334 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           February 8, 2007 Thursday
                                 Metro Edition

Minnesota senators grill U.S. agriculture chief over farm-bill plans;
Coleman and Klobuchar are worried about providing adequate aid during bad crop
years and times of disaster.

BYLINE: Brady Averill, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 302 words

DATELINE: Washington, D.C.


Minnesota's senators told Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns Wednesday that
they're worried there isn't enough aid for farmers in President Bush's farm-bill
proposal.

It was their first chance to question the secretary since Bush presented his
budget this week, calling for a reduction in farm spending of $18 billion over
five years.

Members of the Senate Agriculture Committee, including Republican Norm Coleman
and Democrat Amy Klobuchar, offered a mixed bag of criticisms. But Johanns
called the proposed farm bill equitable and market-based. He also said the
administration's proposal would provide a more stable safety net .

Some senators argued that the proposal doesn't provide enough help for farmers
during bad crop years and times of disaster.

"My major concern is that it just doesn't provide a good enough safety net for
our farmers in Minnesota," Klobuchar said after the hearing.

During the hearing, she asked Johanns why there isn't permanent disaster relief
for farmers. Referring to flooding in 2005 and drought in 2006, she said,
"Minnesota farmers have been hit with heavy losses for two consecutive years,"
totaling $700 million.

Klobuchar and Coleman are sponsors of the 2007 Emergency Farm Relief Act. It
would provide $4.4 billion in emergency money for "farmers and ranchers who have
suffered weather-related crop production shortfalls, quality losses and damage
to livestock feed supplies."

Coleman said he is concerned with a proposed change to a commodity program that
would base some payments to farmers on U.S. crop yields instead of prices. He
wants to make sure that Congress protects farmers who have low yields.

He also said he thinks federal research programs should examine ways to turn
sugar beets into ethanol.

Brady Averill is a correspondent in the  Star Tribune Washington Bureau.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              335 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 24, 2008 Tuesday

Federal bill to help new farmers won't aid them in clearing land

BYLINE: Mannix Porterfield, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 469 words


Jun. 24--CHARLESTON -- Farmer-legislator Bill Proudfoot thinks the federal
government needs to help budding food growers in West Virginia with clearing
land to help meet the needs of a hungry planet.

Yet, as the Randolph County delegate learned Monday, the new federal Farm Bill
enacted recently contains no specific help in that arena.

That doesn't mean, however, that such help in clearing off lands and making
other preparations cannot be provided, Bill O'Donnell, an assistant state
conservationist for the U.S. Department of Agriculture, indicated before the
Agriculture and Agri-business Committee.

Using a slide presentation, O'Donnell outlined features of the federal
legislation, when Proudfoot inquired about help in preparing land for
agriculture.

"We do have some pretty good land ... and that could be turned to agriculture,"
the Democratic lawmaker said.

O'Donnell acknowledged a need to produce locally grown foods, but advised
Proudfoot that the local offices working directly with a landowner must
determine if such uses are viable.

While the farm bill doesn't contain language for specific assistance in clearing
land, he emphasized afterward, "It doesn't mean it's excluded."

"You have to look at it from the ground," the federal official said.

"What are the resources? Is that soil good for what that producer, that
landowner, wants to do with it? It's just not something we're going to go in and
do willy-nilly because somebody wants to do it. There has to be a really good
reason, and then, can we support the program?"

O'Donnell advised Proudfoot that top soil is the top priority of his agency.

At construction sites, the delegate said valuable top soil that was formed over
millions of years is cast indifferently over hillsides and no effort is made to
reclaim it.

"In Asian countries, you have a respect for the top soil you don't have here,"
he said.

On another matter, the federal official said his agency doesn't deal with deer
since there is no difficulty in raising them in West Virginia, although the
agency does have a wildlife habitat program.

Speaking for other farmers, Proudfoot suggested deer are a constant nuisance for
those in agriculture because the state lets them run rampant to satisfy its
multimillion-dollar hunting industry.

"The game plan is to get the deer herds as high as they can for the hunt-ers,"
he added.

-- E-mail: mannix@register-herald.com

To see more of The Register-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.register-herald.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Register-Herald,
Beckley, W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080624-WZ-Federal-bill-to-help-new-farmers-won-t-aid
-them-in-clearing-land-0624

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                                 Copyright 2008

                              336 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       EVENING CHRONICLE (Newcastle, UK)

                      December 22, 1997, Monday Edition 1

Row looms as agriculture lobby says help is not enough - £80m aid plan for beef
farms

SECTION: BRITAIN TONIGHT, Pg. 6

LENGTH: 396 words


   Agriculture Secretary, Jack Cunningham, is today expected to announce in the
Commons a compensation package for Britain's crisis-hit beef farmers.

The Chancellor, Gordon Brown, has been beating down demands for compensation
from the farmers, according to reports, arguing the Government must limit
payouts when it was under fire for reducing payments to lone parents.

Mr Cunningham's aid could be worth as little as £80 million - falling far short
of demands by the National Farmers' Union for nearly £1 billion to support the
beef industry.

There was also speculation today that Dr Cunningham is considering methods of
reducing the industry by ordering big cutbacks in beef production, including a
voluntary decommissioning scheme to take farmers off the land.

Concern

The idea is to lure farmers, principally in the beef sector, away from the land
with retirement packages partly funded by the European Union.

There is growing concern about the massive cost of keeping the beef industry
afloat following the BSE crisis - £1.5 billion this year alone.

Even the £80 million handout will qualify for only 29pc support from Brussels -
with the remainder coming from the British taxpayer.

Those opposed to the plan claim the support is hard to justify when the
Government is poised to cut benefit for lone parents.

The decommissioning plan would follow a relatively successful - but costly -
scheme in the fishing industry where vessels have been scrapped to conserve fish
stocks.

Although Dr Cunningham is set to offer hill-farmers emergency aid to compensate
for falling incomes, he is understood to be determined to make any handout
conditional on talks with the NFU to restructure the industry.

Shadow Agriculture Secretary, Michael Jack, accused Labour of trying to divert
attention from the paucity of its aid for farmers by delaying until today the
announcement of a public inquiry into past handling of the BSE crisis.

Two patients given cornea transplants from a donor with CJD face having the
grafts removed. The patients were warned that otherwise they risked developing
the human form of BSE from the corneas of Marion Hamilton.

A Liverpool woman in her 80s has received one cornea and a 29-year-old man from
Wolverhampton the other. A third patient, a man in his 30s from Manchester,
received the white of the eye.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FARMING CASH AID ROW - Agriculture Secretary, Jack Cunningham

                Copyright 1997 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd

                              337 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            July 12, 2000 Wednesday

Vanclief slams U.S. farm aid policies;
Says rhetoric belies reality of subsidies

BYLINE: BARRIE McKENNA, Washington Bureau

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 347 words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States continues to boost aid to its own farmers even as it vows to
get rid of agricultural subsidies elsewhere in the world, Canadian Agriculture
Minister Lyle Vanclief complained yesterday.

As efforts continue to revive stalled global trade talks at the World Trade
Organization, the U.S. has quietly restored its own farm subsidies to the record
levels hit more than a decade ago, Mr. Vanclief said as he emerged from a
meeting with U.S. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman in Washington.

"When the United States continues to increase [its] support to producers and at
the same time say[s] to the world 'you shouldn't be doing that,' it raises a lot
of questions in people's minds," Mr. Vanclief told reporters. "Where's the
rhetoric and where's the reality?"

Canadian officials said the United States will transfer $25-billion (U.S.) to
farmers this year, based on spending already approved by Congress. Much of that
aid is destined for wheat farmers, who have been hit hard by depressed world
commodity prices.

U.S. wheat subsidies have now reached $50 per ton, compared with $15 a ton in
Canada, a top Canadian official noted.

But Mr. Vanclief said one of the most divisive issues in Canada-U.S. farm trade
- the operations of the Canadian Wheat Board - didn't come up during an annual
bilateral meeting between the countries' top farm officials.

Nonetheless, the U.S. has repeatedly vowed to target the CWB's practices in any
new round of trade talks - most recently in a submission late last month to the
WTO in Geneva.

Mr. Vanclief also warned the U.S. that proposed new health regulations in North
Dakota for imported cattle and hogs may violate WTO pacts and the North American
Free Trade Agreement.

"If we feel that whatever is done is not in accordance with the WTO and the
NAFTA, we'll take the challenge to the next step" he said.

Mr. Vanclief complained that the proposed North Dakota measures, now out for
comment, are aimed directly at hindering imports from Canada.

He is slated to meet with U.S. trade representative Charlene Barshefsky today.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2000 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              338 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                      July 19, 1992, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

FRONTIERS

BYLINE: CITIZEN NEWS SERVICES; CITIZEN

SECTION: OUR PLANET; FRONTIERS; Pg. E4


Star moss study could lead to greener pastures

Imagine a brown, sun-baked lawn springing to life almost instantly with the
first few drops of rain.

Or lush crops blanketing vast areas that now sustain only the most meagre of
plant and animal life.

It may seem like Star Trek fantasy right now. But some down-to-Earth work
already has some scientists boldly going where no drought researchers have gone
before.

One of them, Mel Oliver, a molecular biologist with the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's research service in Lubbock, Tex., is trying to identify the genes
that give a simple plant called star moss the almost magical ability to survive
drought.

Another, Derek Bewley, a professor in the botany department at the University of
Guelph first began looking at the star moss more than a decade ago.

The power of star moss to quickly recover from drought is easily demonstrated .
Pour water on some dry moss and in less than a minute what looks like a brown
Brillo pad becomes a lush green mass of individual branches with star-like
needles.

Bewley, whom Oliver called his mentor from their days at the University of
Calgary in the late 1970s, earlier investigated the star moss to find what
happens as the plant is dried out and then rehydrated.

"What we found was that when the moss dries out, everything is conserved," said
Bewley, who still collaborates with Oliver.

Oliver hopes to identify the genes responsible and insert them into crops such
as cotton, corn and the like.

How soon will scientists be able to beam up that instantly-green lawn?

"Not in the foreseeable future" and maybe never, said Oliver.

Scientists haven't yet developed techniques for inserting genes in grass "and
the plant is so complex that that may never be possible."

New hybrid AIDS virus

Researchers have constructed a hybrid AIDS virus from the human immunodeficie
ncy virus and the AIDS virus that infects monkeys. The purpose is to test
vaccines against the human virus in monkeys. The new hybrid has most of the
monkey virus geneswrapped in a coat from the human virus.

The researchers call their virus SHIV, standing for simian human immunodefici
ency virus. Dr. William Haseltine of the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston
said he hoped it would serve as "a sharp little knife to pry apart the problem."

Japanese scientists created a similar virus about a year ago, but it failed to
grow in monkeys.

Researchers trying to assess potential AIDS vaccines have run into a fundamental
problem: It is hard to find ethically acceptable ways of testing the vaccine in
volunteers, yet there is no suitable animal species that is susceptible to HIV.

Macaques are infected only by SIV, not HIV. Chimpanzees can be infected with
HIV, but they are an endangered species and so it is not feasible to use them in
vaccine tests.

Recently investigators showed that the pigtailed macaque can be infected with
HIV, but some researchers question whether there are enough of them available
for large-scale studies of vaccines.

Bone breakthrough

WASHINGTON -- Indianapolis researchers believe they have found the reason women
after menopause often develop weak bones -- a condition called osteoporosis.

The finding may lead to new drugs to combat the disorder.

Dr. Stavros Manolagas of the Veterans Medical Centre and Indiana University
School of Medicine in Indianapolis said laboratory studies show lack of the
hormone estrogen leads to an overproduction of bone-scavenger cells that carve
pits and cratersthroughout the skeleton.jThe result is pain, fragile bones that
break easily and a spinal slumping.

Manolagas said studies with mice show the lack of estrogen stimulates production
of interleukin-6, one of the host of chemicals in the immune system.

Interleukin-6, or IL6, then stimulates the growth of cells called osteoclasts,
he said. And the osteoclasts are the culprits in bone-degenerati on.

A bone-formation cell, called an osteoblast, usually follows the bone scavenging
cells and fills in the pits and craters with new bone.

The problem comes when a woman goes into menopause and stops the normal
production of estrogen.

After that, said Manolagas, the balance between bone-scavengers and
bone-builders is lost.

Estrogen apparently plays a role in suppressing the effect of IL6 and, thus,
helps keep the bone-destroying cells from dominating.

Many women take estrogen pills to prevent osteoprosis but, until now, it was not
known exactly what role the hormone played in the loss of bone mass.

Now that the mechanism is understood, Manolagas said researchers will be able to
design drugs that block the overproduction of IL6. This will be more efficient
than the current estrogen pills, he said, because the action will be limited
specificallyto protecting the bones.

(By Citizen staff and news services)

Next Week in Our Planet

Thirty years ago, the Aral Sea was the size of West Virginia. But for 30 years,
the Soviet Union diverted it's water to grow cotton in the desert has shriveled
the lake into a lifeless lagoon. The move has polluted and salinated Central
Asia'srivers and farmlands and impoverished and sickened millions of its
inhabitants.



LOAD-DATE: July 20, 1992

LENGTH: 871 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              339 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              June 27, 2008 Friday
                                8:32 AM EDITION

MORE FOOD AID FOR FLOOD VICTIMS

BYLINE: THE CAPITAL TIMES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 241 words


Victims in all 28 counties included in the federal disaster declaration for
recent floods and storms are now eligible for federal emergency food assistance.

The six counties added to the disaster declaration June 24 were approved for
food aid Thursday, so victims in Adams, Calumet, Green Lake, Jefferson, La
Crosse and Walworth Counties can apply for food assistance from Friday to July
8.

The one-time emergency food benefit is from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Food and Nutrition Service, distributed through the Wisconsin Department of
Health and Family Services as a Wisconsin QUEST debit card, used at grocery
stores accepting the program.

Food aid could be as much as $426 for a family of three.

While victims in the six counties have until July 8 to apply for food aid,
victims in the first seven counties declared disaster areas must apply by today
(Friday) for assistance. Those counties include Columbia, Crawford, Milwaukee,
Racine, Richland, Sauk and Vernon Counties.

The second group of counties added to the disaster list have a July 1 deadline
to apply for food aid. Those counties are Dodge, Fond du Lac, Green, Iowa,
Marquette, Washington, Waukesha and Winnebago Counties.

The third group of counties added have a July 3 deadline, including Dane, Grant,
Juneau, Kenosha, Ozaukee, Rock and Sheboygan Counties.

For more information, go to the Wisconsin Department of Health and Family
Services Web site at http://dhfs.wisconsin.gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              340 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 24, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Ideas & Trends;
Charity Begins at the Rule Book

BYLINE: By NINA BERNSTEIN

SECTION: Section 4; Page 5; Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 1020 words


CHARITY is kind, the Bible says. And in this season of coat drives and food
baskets, who would disagree? Not President-elect George W. Bush, who has vowed
to "rally the armies of compassion," and met with black ministers last week to
promote faith-based charity as the kinder, more cost-effective alternative to
government-run help for needy people.

But as charities attempt to take up the slack in the safety net caused by a $7
billion decline in government food aid for the poor, they have taken on some of
the worst aspects of the government bureaucracy they try to replace. Seemingly
arbitrary eligibility rules, inflexible limits on aid and impersonal
requirements are now common features at many food pantries and religious social
service organizations as they struggle with overwhelming demands.

To meet a new scale of need, many nonprofit agencies became more professional
and so rule-bound. Public money to expand, or access to supplies from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, brought greater accountability and state rules so
detailed they can specify the number of cans of green beans allowed one family
in a year. Even small, church-based volunteers are adding rules that can make it
harder to get help.

In New York City, a recent survey of 216 food pantries by the Coalition Against
Hunger found 63 percent now set rules to limit use, though such rules were too
rare to measure just a few years ago, and only reached half the pantries in
1999, said Judith Walker, director of the coalition. At United Bronx Parents,
hungry families are barred from getting groceries from the food bank more than
three times a year; before the coordinator hands out cans of chili beans and
meat balls, he consults a ledger cross-referenced with names, dates and
photocopies of such required documents as a referral from a church or social
service agency.

The more programs are forced to turn people away for lack of supplies or money,
researchers say, the more intent they become on adding rules that tighten their
service boundaries, trying to slow demand and ensure help goes to those who need
it most. The unintended result is that people unable to make ends meet because
of low wages or serious health problems trudge from one food pantry to the next.

"What's most worrisome is that some of the people who are in most need are
simply not able to play by all these rules," said Amy Brown, a researcher with
the Community Food Resource Center in New York.

One goal of the welfare overhaul was to replace a sense of entitlement from
government with a sense of personal responsibility for self-sufficiency. Private
charity was expected by many to do a better job than government at deciding who
deserved help. And agencies generally consider rules, even arbitrary ones, a
fairer way to ration inadequate resources than unbridled discretion.

More rules can also be a healthy development in a growing organization, contends
Noel Tichy, a professor of business at the University of Michigan and a
management expert who advises corporations and nonprofits alike. In fast-growth
software companies, he said, "we try to create some rules and bureaucracy to
guide decision-making so it's not all anarchy." In lean social service
organizations, "they're trying to be fair, and rules are one way to play
triage."

But the result can seem like the worst of both worlds, said Doug O'Brien,
director of policy for America's Second Harvest, which distributes $2.4 billion
worth of donated food annually, compared to $18 billion-worth of food stamps
delivered by the government, down from $25 billion five years ago.

In its survey of 12,000 food programs two years ago, 77 percent of pantries said
they limit who can be served, and 70 percent screen clients, often to prevent
use by those outside a certain geographic area. Some consider that applicants
who make the rounds abuse the system, but 53 percent say the practice is fair,
in part because clients cannot get enough food from one program.

At one food bank in Austin, Tex., for example, many young mothers who arrive
with hungry toddlers in tow have been referred straight from the food stamp
office for emergency supplies to bridge a 30-day delay before their first
allotment. But Debora Duncan, the center director, said it cannot supply food
for a whole month and bars a client's return for three months. If they go
elsewhere, she added, "They are labeled as using the system, when all they're
trying to do is survive."

Not surprisingly, a recent survey at the Community Food Resource Center's West
Harlem food programs, which has no geographical restrictions, found 21 percent
of clients travel there from other boroughs.

SUCH demand pushes charities to ratchet up eligibility requirements, said David
Reingold, an assistant professor at the Indiana University School of
Philanthropy, who studied the impact of welfare reform on faith-based charities
in Indiana. Surveying 295 social service agency directors, he found 23 percent
of the faith-based organizations had tightened eligibility criteria for their
services -- far more than the 8.7 percent of their secular counterparts. In
Green county, Indiana, some churches are limiting help to members of their own
congregation, he said.

These trends have a familiar sound to American social welfare historians. In the
late 19th century, after public relief was drastically cut in an effort to end
"pauperism," private charity organization societies with the motto "not alms but
a friend" promoted investigations to curb the "unworthy" poor from seeking
multiple handouts and slipping back into dependency.

Then, as severe recessions hit, "scientific charity" came under attack. By the
early 20th century, many charity leaders agreed that more government help was
needed to relieve poverty rooted in ill health, low wages and economic
dislocation.

"In any business solution is embedded the next problem," Mr. Tichy said. "You
run a risk of creating a bureaucracy which becomes less human, less in touch
with what the vision of these agencies was. On the other hand, you have little
alternative."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A 5-year-old inspects his family's nearly empty refrigerator on
a Navajo reservation in New Mexico. (Associated Press)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company

                              341 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                          December 14, 2005 Wednesday

WTO struggles for deal to help poorest countries

BYLINE: Richard Waddington, ; REUTERS NEWS AGENCY

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E08

LENGTH: 512 words

DATELINE: HONG KONG


Members of the World Trade Organization strove for a face-saving deal on special
help for poorest members today as tensions flared again in global talks to
reform world trade and lift millions out of poverty.

Negotiators worked through last night on details of a possible deal on duty and
quota-free access for goods from poor nations and other benefits, touted as
possibly the only realistic target of the WTO ministerial conference, being held
in Hong Kong until Sunday.

The ministerial meeting was initially intended to approve a draft free-trade
treaty, freeing up business in farm and industrial goods and services.

But the plan was postponed because differences between rich and developing
countries were too wide, particularly over agriculture, leaving a pact for the
poor the focus of attention.

But even as the conference began yesterday, transatlantic tensions between the
European Union and the United States over food aid, a contentious part of farm
exports, threatened to sour the mood.

"Last time it was development issues that caused the trouble when we were
looking for a deal on agriculture," said one Latin American diplomat. "I hope
that this time when we are trying something on development, it will not be
agriculture that causes the trouble."

The diplomat was referring to the last WTO ministerial meeting two years ago in
Cancun, Mexico, when developing countries brought talks to a halt before
negotiations on agriculture could begin in earnest.

The EU, under intense pressure at the WTO talks to open up its farm markets,
accuses the U.S. of using the food it buys from farmers to give away as aid as a
form of agricultural subsidy.

Brussels was incensed at a United Nations newspaper advertisement that said that
restrictions on donations of food to the UN could deprive hungry children.

"I find it shocking that UN agencies should be financing an advert ... designed
to support U.S. trade-distorting policies on food aid," said EU trade
commissioner Peter Mandelson.

U.S. trade representative Rob Portman said he did not understand the EU
"obsession" with food aid. His spokeswoman, Christin Baker, said Washington had
put forward a proposal to tighten food aid to ensure it does not skew local
commerce.

Hong Kong has mobilized thousands of police to contain any violence by
anti-global protestors and to prevent a repeat of the bloody clashes that marked
both the Cancun conference and its predecessor in Seattle two years earlier.

Nine people, including two police officers, were slightly hurt yesterday as
police used a skin-irritant spray to force back protestors.

Inside, dozens of protestors forced WTO director-general Pascal Lamy to raise
his voice as they chanted: "Development yes, Doha no.'"

Although the 149-state WTO has given up hope of a draft treaty in Hong Kong, it
still needs to agree enough to make a trade pact possible early next year.

The final deadline for the WTO's Doha round, launched in late 2001 with the
world still reeling from the Sept. 11 attacks, is 2006 or early 2007, but a
detailed blueprint must be ready well before then.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2005 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              342 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                      July 16, 1993, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Floods may wipe out US$2B in crops

BYLINE: Reuter

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 303 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


The disastrous summer flood covering much of the Midwest will cause some US$2
billion in corn and soybean losses and ruin up to three million hectares of
crops, U.S. officials and economists said yesterday.

''Six to eight million acres of crops are under water, and we expect that most
of that will be a total loss,'' said Randy Weber, chief of the Agriculture
Department's Agriculture Stabilization and Conservation Service.

Norwest Corp. economist Sung Won Sohn estimated total crop damage in the five
states hardest hit by the wet weather at US$1.94 billion.

Sohn said Iowa would lose 20% of its soybeans and 10% of its corn for a total of
US$785 million.

Total damage and losses caused by the flood could approach US$5 billion, White
House budget director Leon Panetta said.

Weber said the lost acreage would be divided fairly evenly between corn and
soybeans.

''That area is essentially 50-50 corn and soybeans,'' he said after a briefing
with President Bill Clinton on the flood. ''With that amount of time it's been
under water you would have to believe that it would be lost.''

Farm state lawmakers have estimated that affected farmers could get disaster
relief worth less than US25 cents for each dollar of losses.

U.S. Rep. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., said disaster aid would not be a windfall for
farmers because of provisions built into the aid program.

Losses are covered only if they exceed a threshold - a 35% or 40% loss - and
payments are calculated at two-thirds of a set price.

Under Clinton's disaster-relief plan, payments would be reduced further to
maintain parity with 1992 flood payment rates and to spread out the available
money to a larger coverage group.

As a result, Roberts said, farmers will get 21% to 24% of losses - ''a quarter
on the dollar.''


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: APPOINTMENT NOTICE

                       Copyright 1993 Financial Post Ltd.

                              343 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 20, 2002 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

$752 Million In Aid Is Due For Farmers Hit by Drought

BYLINE:  By CARL HULSE

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 606 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 19


The Bush administration said today that it would provide $752 million in
emergency aid for livestock producers in the West and elsewhere. The move could
aid a Republican Senate candidate as well as drought-stricken ranchers.

Agriculture Secretary Ann M. Veneman announced the new relief program in a
teleconference with Representative John Thune, a South Dakota Republican who is
in one of the closest Senate races in the country with control of the chamber at
stake in November.

"This program will provide immediate assistance to producers who need it the
most," Ms. Veneman said.

The high-profile help from the White House underscored how the drought has
emerged as a political issue not only in South Dakota, but in other farm states
like Minnesota, Iowa and Missouri -- all sites of Senate races. But it has been
particularly prominent in South Dakota, where some ranchers have been selling
their herds because of the severe drought.

Mr. Thune has been somewhat on the defensive on the issue since President Bush
traveled to South Dakota last month and said he could not endorse new drought
help if it drove up the deficit.

Mr. Thune's opponent, Senator Tim Johnson, the Democratic incumbent, is seeking
$6 billion in relief that is tied up in the Senate. Mr. Johnson's campaign had
said Mr. Bush's position showed that Mr. Thune could not get the White House to
deliver and challenged Mr. Thune to back the Senate measure.

Mr. Thune said today that the new approach would bring help faster. "With
drought relief so uncertain in the Senate, I worked with the administration to
deliver critically needed cash assistance to livestock producers," he said.

Mr. Johnson and the majority leader Tom Daschle, the senior senator from South
Dakota, welcomed the new help, but they said it was not enough. "I hope the
administration understands that this assistance is merely a drop in the bucket,"
Mr. Daschle said. "Farmers and ranchers deserve more than a million-dollar
solution to a $6 billion problem."

Mr. Johnson noted that he had pressed for the release of the very money the
administration is using and said "every little bit helps."

"However, let me be clear, this money does not serve as a replacement for
emergency disaster assistance," he said.

The $752 million will come from unspent portions of a fund generated through
customs fees. Using those proceeds will allow Mr. Bush to say he provided some
help without new spending.

Ranchers can begin applying for the cash assistance on Oct. 1 and it will be
portioned out on a per-head basis, with $18 per beef cattle as a baseline.
Ranchers statewide in Arizona, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, North Dakota and
South Carolina will be eligible, as well as those in disaster-designated
counties of South Dakota and 29 other states.

The Senate last week added the $6 billion in emergency aid to the spending
measure for the Interior Department but it has stalled as both parties, in the
run-up to the November elections, have sought to deny each other any political
victories through the bill.

Much of this week has been devoted to a stalemate over $825 million in emergency
firefighting money and efforts by Republicans to attach a plan to thin national
forests to reduce the threat of fires. Environmental groups and some lawmakers
say the plan is tantamount to a broad change in policy that will expand
commercial logging on 10 million acres of national forest. Neither side has been
able to make headway.

The White House opposes the $6 billion in emergency drought aid but supporters
say its cost would be offset by savings in other farm spending, so it would not
drive up the deficit.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Aid could help Representative John Thune in a tight Senate race.
(Associated Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company

                              344 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 23, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

THE REGION;
Counties Eligible For Drought Aid

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 126 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 22


The Federal Agriculture Secretary, John Block, today named 32 counties in New
York and eight counties in three adjacent states eligible for emergency loans to
help farmers recover from last year's drought.

Secretary Block designated seven New York counties as core counties. They are
Broome, Chenango, Orange, Saratoga, Seneca, Washington and Yates. Because of
legislation enacted this year, 33 contiguous counties were added to the list,
stretching from the Adirondacks to nothern New Jersey and from central New York
and northern Pennsylvania to Vermont.

Eligible farmers may apply for loans with 5 percent interest on the first
$100,000 and 8 percent interest on additional amounts to cover losses between
June 1 through Nov. 1, 1983.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company

                              345 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                               Zenport Industries

                             11825 SW Katherine St
                               Tigard,  OR 97223
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 503-524-7289
URL: http://www.zenportindustries.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/zenport
https://twitter.com/ZenportTools

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 35688905

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Zenport Industries is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on
Grafting Knives, Scales, Shears, Dial Scales, Safety Knives, and 14 other
Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Zenport Industries does
business in the Agriculture, Automotive, and Chemistry Industries, as well as 16
other major Manufacturing Industries. The company describes itself via it's
website thusly: "Zenport Industries tool manufacturing and worldwide wholesale
lawn, garden, landscape, irrigation and agriculture tool supply distribution
network is a leader in the marketing of wholesale professional and consumer
wholesale tools and supplies for the lawn and garden, landscape, irrigation and
agriculture markets. Zenport products are available worldwide via our retail and
distributor networks. Zenport has remained faithful in its commitment to
continuous quality improvement in design, development, and engineering."
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Farm Supplies Merchant
Wholesalers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
51919902
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Grafting Knives
     ·    Scales
     ·    Shears
     ·    Dial Scales
     ·    Grafting Knives
     ·    Safety Knives
     ·    Scales


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Safety Equipment
     ·    Aprons
     ·    Belts
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Goggles
     ·    Hearing Protection
     ·    Safety Equipment
     ·    Safety Glasses
     ·    Safety Products


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Carbide
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Carbon Steel
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Glass
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyester
     ·    PVC
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel
     ·    Tempered Steel
     ·    Tungsten
     ·    Tungsten Carbide


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Safety Cutters


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Aluminum Frames, Aluminum Handles, Ammonium, Anvils, Aprons,
Ash Handles, Backpacks, Balconies, Bands, Bearings, Beds, Belt Clips, Belts,
Bevels, Bicycles, Bird Seed, Bowls, Bulbs, Canopies, Canvas, Carbide, Carbon,
Carbon Steel, Carrying Cases, Chemicals, Compounds, Cord, Cranks, Cryogenic,
Cultivators, Cushions, Desks, Dial Scales, Dials, Earplugs, Electric Motors,
Electricity, Elements, Essential Oils, Feeders, Feeds, Fiber, First Aid, First
Aid Kits, Flags, Flats, Forks, Funnels, Garden Plows, Garden Tools, Glass,
Goggles, Grafting Knives, Grasses, Greenhouses, Guards, Hearing Protection,
Herbs, Hoes, Knife Sharpeners, Leather, Lifts, Lights, Lithium Batteries,
Measures, Molds, Nylon, Nylon Fabrics, Overalls, Panels, pH Testers, Picking
Belts, Plastic Windows, Plastics, Platforms, Pliers, Pocket Knives, Poles,
Polyester, PVC, Rakes, Ratchets, Razors, Registers, Replacement Parts, Rings,
Safety Cutters, Safety Equipment, Safety Glass, Safety Glasses, Safety Knives,
Safety Products, Scales, Seed, Shears, Sheep Shears, Shelters, Shrink Wrap,
Sleeves, Spikes, Spreaders, Springs, Stainless Steel, Stainless Steel Shafts,
Stakes, Steel, Steel Belts, Stretch Film, Strippers, Suction Cups, Survival
Tools, Tables, Tailgates, Telescopes, Tempered Steel, Tensioners, Testers,
Tomato Cages, Tool Boxes, Tractors, Trim, Trimmers, Trimmings, Tungsten,
Tungsten Carbide, Utility Knives, Wire

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              346 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2016 Friday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: 12-1NMP-17-S-0006

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: December 8, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation 12-1NMP-17-S-0006 (2000004456) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after December 8, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near December 20, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Jessica Howlett, Senior Contract Specialist
jessica.howlett@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 8169261109


LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              347 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2016 Friday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: 12-1NMP-17-S-0006

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: December 8, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation 12-1NMP-17-S-0006 (2000004456) for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after December 8, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near December 20, 2016.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Jessica Howlett, Senior Contract Specialist
jessica.howlett@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 8169261109


LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              348 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   September 15, 1989, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Poland pork-aid news sends futures higher

BYLINE: Farm Market News

SECTION: SECTION 3, THE MARKETS; Pg. 20, FARM COMMODITIES

LENGTH: 268 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg,Man.


  News reports that the U.S. government is considering sending pork bellies to
Poland as part of an economic aid package sent hog and cattle futures prices
higher yesterday at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.

During the trading session, U.S. Senate Agriculture Committee Democratic
Chairman Patrick Leahy introduced a US$2.25-billion aid package to Poland that
included 20 million to 30 million pounds of U.S. pork bellies.

That news sent CME pork belly futures up as much as their US$2.00 daily limit
with the actively traded February contract up S2.00 at US$48.25 a hundredweight.

The daily limit is the maximum amount a futures contract can rise or fall in one
trading session and is set by the exchange.

The strength in pork belly futures spilled over to support CME live hog futures,
which ended the trading session US23 cents to US85 cents higher.

The most active contract was October, which gained US82 cents at US$42.12 a
hundredweight.

Higher prices being paid for hogs in U.S. cash markets also encouraged the
gains.

Traders expect deliveries of hogs to slaughterhouses to drop as the U.S. corn
harvest gets under way and farmers have no time to deliver.

Spillover enthusiasm from the pork pit caused CME live cattle futures to rally
as much as US50 cents per hundredweight. The benchmark October contract rose
US50 cents to US$72.52 a hundredweight.

Active buying by packing houses also led to the rally.

Traders indicated the recent drop in slaughter cattle and wholesale beef prices
caused aggressive buying by supermarkets across the U.S.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.

                              349 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 25, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Votes in Congress;
Last Week's Tally for the Metropolitan Area

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 59, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 423 words


Senate

1. Amendment to foreign-assistance legislation to require the Administration to
cut off aid to Pakistan or India if either country explodes a nuclear device,
passed, 51 to 45, Oct. 21.

2. A sense-of-the-Senate amendment to the same legislation calling for a cut-off
of oil imports from Libya to force it to end terrorism, passed, 47 to 44, Oct.
21.

3. International Security and Development Cooperation foreign assistance bill
authorizing $5.7 billion for fiscal year 1982, passed, 40 to 33, Oct. 22.
                           1   2   3
NEW YORK
D'Amato (R)                N   A   A
Moynihan (D)               Y   N   Y

NEW JERSEY
Bradley (D)                Y   N   A
Williams (D)               Y   N   A

CONNECTICUT
Dodd (D)                   Y   N   A
Weicker (R)                Y   N   A


House

1. Amendment to food and agriculture legislation to end tobacco program setting
price supports and allocating acreage among growers, rejected, 231 to 184, Oct.
21.

2. Amendment to the same legislation to limit authorities in the bill to two
instead of four years, rejected, 193 to 180, Oct. 22.
                           1   2
NEW YORK
 1. Carney (R)             N   Y
 2. Downey (D)             Y   N
 3. Carman (R)             Y   Y
 4. Lent (R)               Y   Y
 5.  McGrath (R)           A   Y
 6. Leboutillier (R)       Y   Y
 7. Addabbo (D)            N   N
 8. Rosenthal (D)          N   A
 9. Ferraro (D)            Y   N
10. Biaggi (D)             N   A
11. Scheuer (D)            Y   N
12.  Chisholm (D)          N   N
13. Solarz (D)             N   N
14. Richmond (D)           N   N
15. Zeferetti (D)          N   N
16. Schumer (D)            Y   A
17. Molinari (R)           Y   Y
18. Green (R)              Y   Y
19. Rangel (D)             N   N
20. Weiss (D)              Y   N
21. Garcia (D)             Y   A
22. Bingham (D)            N   N
23. Peyser (D)             Y   N
24. Ottinger (D)           Y   N
25. Fish (R)               A   Y
26. Gilman (R)             A   A
27. McHugh (D)             Y   N
28. Stratton (D)           N   Y
29. Solomon (R)            A   Y
30. Martin (R)             N   Y
31.  Mitchell (R)          Y   Y
32. Wortley (R)            N   Y
33. Lee (R)                Y   Y
34. Horton (R)             Y   Y
35.  Conable (R)           Y   Y
36. LaFalce (D)            Y   Y
37. Nowak (D)              Y   N
38. Kemp (R)               Y   Y
39.  Lundine (D)           A   A

NEW JERSEY
 1. Florio (D)             A   A
 2. Hughes (D)             A   Y
 3. Howard (D)             N   N
 4. Smith (R)              Y   Y
 5.  Fenwick (R)           Y   Y
 6. Forsythe (R)           Y   A
 7. Roukema (R)            Y   Y
 8. Roe (D)                N   A
 9.  Hollenbeck (R)        Y   Y
10. Rodino (D)             N   N
11. Minish (D)             Y   N
12. Rinaldo (R)            Y   Y
13. Courter (R)            Y   Y
14. Guarini (D)            Y   A
15. Dwyer (D)              N   N

CONNECTICUT
 1. Vacant
 2. Gejdenson (D)          Y   N
 3. DeNardis (R)           Y   Y
 4. McKinney (R)           Y   A
 5.  Ratchford (D)         Y   N
 6. Moffett (D)            Y   N

KEY
Y - ''yea'';
N - ''nay'';
A - absent or did not vote.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company

                              350 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           August 15, 2001 Wednesday

Farmers welcome federal relief; Emergency aid: The timing of the checks - during
fall harvest - is seen as being vital

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. a1

LENGTH: 404 words


Area farmers are relieved to know they will receive some economic help this
fall.

For the fourth year in a row, the U.S. government will come to the rescue of
struggling farmers. President Bush signed a $$ @5.5 billion emergency farm aid
bill on Monday.

"That money is a welcome sight," said Belmont, Wis., farmer Art McNett.
"Whatever we can do to help agriculture helps the economy."

The measure Bush signed should boost net farm income to $$ @47.9 billion, the
highest level since 1997. Grain and cotton farmers, who receive the bulk of the
special assistance, will get smaller government checks than they saw under last
year's bailout. A farmer who got $$ @40,000 in 2000 should receive less than $$
@34,000 this year.

The president threatened to veto a more generous Senate bill that provided $$
@7.5 billion in farm assistance. That plan was championed by Senate Agriculture
Committee Chairman Tom Harkin, D-Iowa.

Dubuque County Farm Bureau President Steve Koch preferred to look at the final
outcome positively. Koch said that with farming's tight operating margins "every
little bit helps."

"I think any payment we get will be a help," Koch said. "If we did not take the
$$ @5.5 billion, we would get nothing. Really, this was the only way we were
going to get a payment by the end of September."

Timing of the aid was important, farmers said.

"As we go harvest, it would be money to buy fuel and inputs for next year's
crops," McNett said.

Still, some tri-state farmers might see only limited benefits from the aid
package because they grow crops, such as hay, not covered by the legislation.
Many local livestock producers will not directly benefit from the aid because
the subsidies do not cover livestock.

Low crop prices have persisted for four years, prompting the government aid.
Soybean prices are expected to remain low as farmers harvest a record large
crop.

"It would be nice to see higher prices in the market," said McNett, who
represents Wisconsin on the United Soybean Board, the farmer organization that
promotes soybean use. McNett is hopeful the group can increase industrial use of
corn and soybeans. Increased use of alternative fuels, such as ethanol and
biodiesel, could raise commodity prices while reducing government farm
subsidies, he said.

"That's one avenue where we maybe can increase demand for corn and soybeans," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.

                              351 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 21, 1983, Friday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. CORN SOUGHT IN DROUGHT RELIEF

BYLINE: By WAYNE KING

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 801 words

DATELINE: HOUSTON, Oct. 20


Devastated by a drought, ranchers and poultrymen across the South and West are
bringing increasing pressure on the Reagan Administration to release stored
grains that they contend are needed to save livestock from starvation or early
slaughter.

So far, the Government has refused, saying there is no way to provide surplus
grain selectively to severely drought-plagued areas without providing the same
aid to all ranchers.

Texas agriculture officials maintain that 22.6 million bushels of surplus corn,
enough to feed starving Texas cattle for 300 days, lies molding in a Government
warehouse at a cost to taxpayers of $500,000 a month.

''That corn is going to hell when it ought to be going to West Texas,'' the
state Agriculture Commissioner, Jim Hightower, said,

Although the sharpest criticism of the Government's refusal to release stored
grain comes from Texas, other drought-ridden states have also lodged pleas for
release of the grain.

States Pressing for Grain

Among them are Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South
Carolina, Tennessee and Virginia. New Mexico has offered to join Texas in
pressing for release of the grain.

In Washington, meanwhile, both the House Agriculture Committee and the full
Senate have approved legislation that would force emergency feed measures.

By a vote of 28 to 9 on Wednesday, the House committee approved a measure that
would require Secretary of Agriculture John R. Block to provide $500 million in
feed assistance. The assistance would come either in the form of sales of grain
from Government granaries like that at Plainview, Tex., where the 22.6 million
bushels are stored, or in direct assistance to ranchers and poultrymen to
maintain their herds and flocks.

The action followed a similar emergency feed provision approved earlier by the
Senate. That measure, an amendment to dairy and tobacco legislation offered by
Senator Lloyd Bentsen of Texas, would compel the sale of 80 million bushels of
poorer grade corn, not used for human consumption, at reduced prices to ranchers
and poultry raisers in drought disaster areas.

Fear Voiced on Problem

Despite some sincere efforts, said Representative Ed Jones, Democrat of
Tennessee who is chairman of the subcommittee that first considered the House
feed bill, ''not nearly enough has been done or is going to be done.''

The Administration has also been prodded by the Southern Governors Conference,
which met last month in Austin and adopted a resolution calling for release of
the feed grain and greatly expanded Federal aid.

However, the sharpest assault on the Government's refusal to release disaster
relief feed corn came in the form of the assertion by Texas agriculture
officials that it had misrepresented the quality of corn stored at Plainview.

Texas officials said they had been told that the stored corn at Plainview was of
good quality and therefore too valuable to release as livestock food.

However, both Commissioner Hightower and Gov. Mark White maintained that corn
growers themselves had said the corn was poor quality and should be released.

According to its own analysis of 86 samples drawn from the storage bins,
performed by an outside laboratory, Mr. Hightower reported that ''the corn not
only is of low quality, but actually is in much worse shape that we had
suspected.''

Analysis of Corn Cited

He said the laboratory analysis had shown that, of the 22,660,215 bushels stored
in one large warehouse, 77 percent had ''seriously deteriorated'' and that 53
percent was now below the quality deemed adequate for human consumption.

''A lot of it is much worse off than that,'' Mr. Hightower said in a statement.
''It's moldy, its musty, it's weevilly. A great deal of it is no longer even fit
to feed to sheep or goats - the only thing it can still be used for is cattle
feed, and some of it won't be fit to use as anything but filler by the time the
winter's over.''

In a telephone interview from Washington, Richard Goldberg, the the Deputy Under
Secretary of Agriculture responsible for the commodity program, said that the
results of the state sampling conflicted with a similar one conducted by the
storage warehouse operator, who stores the grain under Government contract. That
sampling, also based on 86 batches, showed the stored corn to be of good
quality, he said.

''But as far as we are concerned,'' he said, ''neither inspection was
official.'' He said the Agriculture Department's own records indicated that the
stored corn had not deteriorated.

Mr. Goldberg also noted that when the corn was first stored in January 1981, as
excess commodity, 732,000 of the bushels were shown as ''sample grade,'' the
lowest quality grade, broken kernels, dust and foreign materials.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Ed Hughs

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company

                              352 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                 Kalispell Copy

                              2303 US Highway 2 E
                              Kalispell,  MT 59901
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 406-755-5888
URL: http://www.kalcopy.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/kalcopy

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 25647514

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Kalispell Copy is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on Laser
Levels, Lasers, Construction Signs, First Aid, First Aid Kits, and 11 other
Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Kalispell Copy does
business in the Agriculture, Architecture, and Automotive Industries, as well as
14 other major Manufacturing Industries.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Commercial Printing (except
Screen and Books)

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
32311100
SIC CODES:
73340000
CAGE CODES:
3NUB1
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Laser Levels
     ·    Lasers
     ·    Construction Signs


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Construction Signs
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Gears
     ·    Hard Hats
     ·    Hats
     ·    Laser Levels
     ·    Lasers
     ·    Marking Paints
     ·    Safety Vests
     ·    Vests
     ·    Construction Signs
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Marking Paints


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Steel



OTHER KEYWORDS:  Alignment Systems, Ammonium, Architects, Arrows, Backgrounds,
Banners, Bellows, Billboards, Blueprint Paper, Brochures, Business Cards,
Clinometers, Compasses, Construction Signs, Elements, Feet, Fences, First Aid,
First Aid Kits, Foam Cores, Folders, Gears, Generators, Grids, Guides, Hard
Hats, Hats, Keyboards, Laser Alignment Systems, Laser Levels, Laser Systems,
Lasers, Lockouts, Marking Paints, Measures, Measuring Wheels, Mechanical
Pencils, Mountings, Panels, Pencils, Plastics, Plotters, Poles, Posters, Posts,
Printers, Prisms, Real Estate Signs, Receivers, Rulers, Safety Vests, Scales,
Sheets, Silt Fences, Skeletons, Snow Fences, Steel, Stencils, Tape Measures,
Transmissions, Trim, Vests, Wood Signs

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              353 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                November 20, 1993, SATURDAY, THREE STAR Edition

MIDWEST GETS BOOST IN LEVEE AID

BYLINE: Robert L. Koenig Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1307 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Flood-gouged levees in the Midwest got an extra $ 18 million in repair aid
Friday, while a separate federal action pumped up efforts to expand wetlands in
flood-prone areas.

Those responses to the Flood of '93 came as Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy, who
heads the flood-recovery effort, planned a trip Monday to meet with farmers in
Missouri and Illinois and to tour flood-stricken Valmeyer, lll. The city plans
to move to higher ground.

Meanwhile, Congress appeared poised to approve na bill this weekend to quadruple
buyout money for flooded communities. The Federal Emergency Management Agency
planned a "major announcement" next week on new guidelines for flood relocations
in the Midwest.

"We are taking a look at the entire flood-plain management system in the
Midwest," said FEMA's chief spokesman, Morrie Goodman.

As part of that analysis, the federal interagency group on Midwest flood
recovery decided Friday to earmark an extra $ 18 million to help repair levees
that are ineligible for aid from the Army Corps of Engineers but protect key
roads or buildings and have a public sponsor.

The extra money for levee repair will be taken from emergency flood aid that had
been allotted to the Economic Development Administration for jobs programs. The
new money comes in addition to $ 180 million appropriated last summer for the
corps' levee-aid program.

The new levee money - a compromise between previous plans for no aid for
ineligible levees and the demands of some Missouri officials for $ 100 million
in extra aid - managed to anger both sides in the debate: environmentalists and
pro-levee politicians.

Sen. Christopher S. Bond, R-Mo., said through a spokeswoman that the extra $ 18
million is "woefully inadequate" to help rebuild the 355 ineligible levees along
the lower Missouri River "in time to prevent spring flooding from causing great
damage in Missouri."

Meanwhile, the American Rivers conservation group, which opposed federal aid for
ineligible rural levees, denounced the new levee rules as a "flip-flop" by
President Bill Clinton's administration, which also is promoting alternatives to
repairing some levees.

"We are repeating the mistakes of the past," said Scott Faber, who directs the
group's flood-plain management programs. He argued that helping to repair
ineligible levees is unfair and "removes incentives to properly construct and
maintain levees in the future."

Goodman, the FEMA spokesman, argued that the new levee rules "are absolutely not
a reversal. This would only help levees that protect significant public property
in the Midwest."

On the same day it moved to rebuild many levees, the administration also
released new rules that aim to make it simpler for farmers to convert
flood-damaged land to wetlands.

Espy's top flood aide, Oleta Fitzgerald, said the new regulations for the
Emergency Wetlands Reserve Programs b "will make it easier for some farmers who
want to get out of the flood plain, and to recover losses."

This week, the Agriculture Department confirmed plans to use $ 15 million in
emergency flood-aid money to buy flooded land suitable for conversion of
wetlands from farmers wwilling to sell.

But Rep. Richard J. Durbin, D-Ill., chairman of the House farm appropriations
subcommittee, urged Espy on Friday to allow Midwestern farmers to enroll flooded
cropland in the wetlands program. Under the current system, most cropland is
ineligible fbecause it is deemed unsuitable for conversion.  Durbin said the
flood destroyed about 10 percent of the million acres of wetlands in Illinois.
He argued that adding some flooded farmland to the wetands program "will help
farmers who are trying to get back on their feet, and will also help protect the
environment."

The flurry of federal actions Friday came as agriculture officials from
Missouri, Illinois and Iowa appealed to a House committee for more help.

"The nation's agricultural heartland experienced its worst flooding in history"
this year, said Kyle Vickers, deputy director of the Missouri Department of
Agriculture.

"Delayed planting, poor seasonal growing conditions, cropland erosion, flooded
fields and an early fall freeze have . . . tleft farmers facing economic and
natural hardships previously unimagined."

Vickers called for a major expansion of the emergency wetlands program in a way
that would make it easier for farmers to convert flooded cropland. He also urged
a big increase in federal aid to repair farm levees and clear massive amounts of
silt and debris.

Missouri officials said the state's farmers already have applied for more than $
38 million in aid under the Emergency Conservation Reserve program to repair
flood damage. They have received only $ 9 million in aid, they said.

Even so, federal officials said Missouri farmers rank first in flood aid among
the nine affected Midwestern states. Iowa farmers have got $ 7 million, Illinois
farmers $ 3.7 million.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo by AP - A Colorado rancher who prefers to remain unidentified to
protect his animal friend, plays in a pasture with a bull elk he calls
Valentine. The man took in the elk, which was in ill health last year, and now
it hangs around the ranch. The elk plays fetch with the man's hat and follows
him around.

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              354 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                            July 5, 1993, Monday, PM

Clinton promises Mississippi states more flood aid

BYLINE: (Special)(CHICAGO TRIBUNE )

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 471 words

DATELINE: MOLINE, Ill.


   MOLINE, Ill. (Special) - U.S. President Bill Clinton inspected flood-damaged
areas of Illinois and Iowa yesterday, pledging to release nearly $300 million in
additional disaster funds.

He also promised to ask Congress to approve even more aid to flood victims.

As the National Guard and others continued efforts to contain the swollen
Mississippi River, Clinton stopped here to view firsthand the results of the
worst flood in more than 100 years.

Seated on bales of hay in a farm yard, Clinton and Agriculture Secretary Mike
Espy met with about 150 farmers and business owners at a farm owned by Don and
Elaine Schneckloth in Eldridge, Iowa, near Davenport, where flood damage has
been particularly severe.

"I know what you're going through," Clinton told them, recalling the time floods
ravaged property in his home state of Arkansas.

Clinton, who signed legislation Friday releasing $100 million in federal
disaster aid funds, said he would soon sign a bill freeing an additional $297
million.

Even that won't be enough to offset flood-induced losses, said Clinton, in
calling for a bill appropriating additional disaster aid funds. He estimated
flood-induced damage in Iow, Illinois, Missouri, Minnesota and Wisconsin at $1
billion, but didn't specify how much additional aid he would seek from Congress.

However, he said farmers and others hit by flooding would be eligible for the
same level of federal assistance extended to victims of Hurricane Andrew in
Florida last year.

Espy, in response to a question, said he expected the administration would have
to ask for at least an additional $850 million in relief.

Clinton said the aid would not add to the deficit and would not mean new taxes.

The president also said he would direct Espy to come up with a bill to reform
the federal crop insurance program to make it simpler and more fair. Currently,
farmers who can't plant their fields because of flooding or other natural
disasters don't qualify for compensation.

Clinton got a birds-eye view of flooded fields, homes and businesses as he flew
over the area in Air Force One.

"I've seen a lot of it in my life, but it is about as bad as it gets," Clinton
told reporters.

In the worst areas, farm houses looked like soggy islands dotting the river.
Flooded-out roads disappeared into the muddy river like boat launching ramps.
Dozens of idled barges were tied up along the way, unable to carry their loads
downstream.

Flooding brought on by heavy rains has affected 800 kilometres (500 miles) of
the Mississippi stretching from Minnesota to Missouri. In Davenport alone, where
city officials refused to build the type of flood control facilities other river
towns have constructed, Mayor Pat Gibbs estimated damage at $100 million.

CHICAGO TRIBUNE

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              355 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Modesto Bee (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                            August 3, 2006 Thursday

Governor requesting federal aid for farmers: Letter asks USDA to help as farmers
try to cope with $1B in losses from heat

BYLINE: John Holland, The Modesto Bee, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 691 words


Aug. 3--The state has primed the pump for possible federal aid to heat-ravaged
farms, but how much money could flow is unknown.

Gov. Schwarzenegger has sent a letter asking for a disaster declaration by the
U.S. Department of Agriculture, said A.G. Kawamura, the governor's food and
agriculture secretary.

Kawamura has heard reports that as much as $1 billion in farm production was
lost to the extreme temperatures of middle and late July, he said. The state's
farmers had an estimated $32 billion in gross income in 2004.

In a conference call with reporters Wednesday, Kawamura said dairies, poultry
farms and growers of tomatoes, walnuts, peaches and a few other crops were
especially hard hit.

"The damage across the whole array of agriculture is significant," he said.

The letter went to U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns, who could make aid
available to affected farmers by declaring a disaster. The amounts would be
based on damage assessments being done by agricultural commissioners in affected
areas, including the Northern San Joaquin Valley.

While no final figures have been determined for Stanislaus, San Joaquin and
Merced counties, officials expect them to be staggering, with dairy production
lagging for up to nine months as herds struggle to regain output.

Western United Dairymen, based in Modesto, is urging its members to report
losses so that federal aid can start.

"The economic repercussions of the heat experienced in the past few weeks are
widespread and will be felt by California's dairy farm families for many months
to come," said Michael Marsh, the group's chief executive officer, in a letter
to Schwarzenegger.

"In certain areas, you may see price spikes (for consumers) because of
shortages," he said.

Schwarzenegger paid a visit to Fresno County on Wednesday, touring a Selma dairy
to see firsthand how farmers are coping.

He told them he has asked the USDA to start processing the request disaster
assistance before a final damage report is compiled.

Only now are agricultural officials coming up with statistics. Losses in Fresno
County for beef, turkeys, chickens and dairy animals, as well as milk
production, was calculated at nearly $85 million.

Dennis Plann, deputy agricultural commissioner for Fresno County, said $73
million of that figure is from lost milk production. Some 58,000 turkeys and
270,000 chickens are believed to have died as a result of the heat wave.

Plann, who has been with the agriculture department for 34 years, said it was
the greatest loss for dairy operators that he has seen.

Documenting losses proved challenging. Many farmers buried or composted cows --
a practice allowed by temporary emergency action -- and the industry is relying
on ranchers and dairy operators to disclose details on those deaths.

As for crop loss, in the words of Tulare County Assistant Agricultural
Commissioner Bill Appleby, "it's not like hail damage, where you can go out and
see it. Some you might not see until harvest, because there may be internal
damage."

Perhaps hardest hit were processing tomatoes. Industry leaders say those losses
could run into the millions. One West Side grower, Matt Diener of Five Points,
put his loss on one field at more than $450,000.

Some walnuts may have been sunburned, but industry leaders are saying it is not
as severe as initially thought.

"We can't see the nuts that are on the top from the ground," said Doug Verboon,
a Hanford grower. "Won't know about those until the harvest."

Some growers took the precaution of applying a white-colored compound called
Surround that may keep the trees and nuts cooler.

"It's acts like a sun screen," said Doug Wisecarver, a Hanford grower who used
the material. "I don't have any damage at all," he said.

Bee staff writer John Holland can be reached at 578-2385 or jholland@modbee.com.

The Fresno Bee contributed to this report.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Modesto Bee, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060803-MO-0803-Governor-requesting-federal-aid-for-farmers

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MO


                         Copyright 2006 The Modesto Bee

                              356 of 999 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright 2017 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.,
                              All Rights Reserved
                     LexisNexis® Corporate Affiliations[TM]

                                 March 27, 2017

                              Conklin Company Inc.

                                551 Vly Pk Dr S
                            Shakopee,  MN 55379-1802
                                 United States


MSA: 33460 - Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, MN-WI

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (952) 445-6010, (800) 888-8838 (Toll Free)
FAX: (952) 496-4280
URL: www.conklin.com

FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/ConklinCompany
LINKEDIN: www.linkedin.com/company/conklin-company

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DCA NUMBER: 174964

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
FOUNDED: 1954
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Minnesota
LEGAL STATUS: PRIVATE
EMPLOYEES:
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES:  125

IMPORT:  NO
EXPORT:  NO

PENSION ASSET:  USD 3,500,000
PENSION TYPES:  401(k)

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

CORPORATE HIERARCHY

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER             TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Judith A. Herbster, Executive           Executive Vice      EMAIL:
Co-Owner & Exec VP                      President           judith.herbster@con
                                        Owner               klin.com
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/judy-herbster/17/
                                                            3b1/b


DIRECTOR            TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Charles Herbster,   Supervisory Board   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
Co-Owner, Chm, Pres of Directors        Chairman            charles.herbster@co
& CEO                                   President           nklin.com
                                        Chief Executive
                                        Officer
                                        Owner
Dave Heineman       Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Dave.Heineman@conkl
                                                            in.com

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Conklin Company, Inc. is based in Shakopee, MN. It is a manufacturing and
distributing company. The company offers sealants, coatings, animal supplements,
roofing systems, and lawn care products. It serves home owners.

INDUSTRY TYPE: Mfr. of Specialty Chemicals

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
324122 - Asphalt Shingle and Coating Materials Manufacturing
SECONDARY NAICS:
325311 - Nitrogenous Fertilizer Manufacturing
PRIMARY SIC:
2952 - Asphalt Felts & Coatings
SECONDARY SIC:
2873 - Nitrogenous Fertilizers
PRODUCTS:
X-CYTO - Agriculture & Lawn Care
FASTRACK - Animal Product
MOX - Cleaning Product
WASH N' WAX - Lubricant Product
GOLD GUARD - Gear Lubricant
RAVE - Lubricant Product
SAFE - Lubricant Product
CONVOY - Lubricant Product
TRANS-LAST - Lubricant Product
TOP SPEC - Lubricant Product
GOLD GUARD PLUS - Lubricant Product
ENDURO - Lubricant Product
AXIS - Lubricant Product
ATF-XTRA MS - Lubricant Product
RUST BOMB - Lubricant Product
RUST ASIDE - Lubricant Product
POWER MATE - Lubricant Product
LUBOIL - Lubricant Product
LEATHER N' VINYL - Lubricant Product
RITE-ON - Lubricant Product
RHINO - Lubricant Product
RADIATOR FLUSH - Lubricant Product
FUEL MATE PLUS - Lubricant Product
4 POWER - Lubricant Product
DIESEL PLUS - Lubricant Product
TKO - Lubricant Product
HEAD START - Lubricant Product
INHIBODOR - Animal Product
FORTIFIER - Animal Product
EQUINE GEL - Animal Product
CANINE TREATS - Animal Product
AMPLIFY-L - Agriculture & Lawn Care
AMPLIFY-D - Agriculture & Lawn Care
GUARDIAN - Agriculture & Lawn Care
FEAST - Agriculture & Lawn Care
PRO-SERVE - Agriculture & Lawn Care
FEEDSTORE - Agriculture & Lawn Care
WEX - Agriculture & Lawn Care
SATURALL 85 - Agriculture & Lawn Care
RAIN-FAST - Agriculture & Lawn Care
KOMBIND - Agriculture & Lawn Care
KNOCK-OUT - Agriculture & Lawn Care
BULL'S-EYE - Drift Retardant
MAGNIFY - Agriculture & Lawn Care
JOINT SUPPORT - Health & Personal Care
VITAL HF - Health & Personal Care
CELLULAR ENERGY - Health & Personal Care
SLIMLOGIC - Health & Personal Care
PROBIOTIC SUPPORT - Health & Personal Care
MOUNTAIN STREAM - Health & Personal Care
REFLECTIONS - Cleaning Product
SPRING DEW - Cleaning Product
SANOX - Cleaning Product
CRUST BUSTER - Cleaning Product
COZY - Cleaning Product
FORTRESS - Cleaning Product
SHINE N' STAY - Cleaning Product
BONTZ - Cleaning Product
TACK COAT - Paint
METAL READY - Paint
HY-VAC - Single Ply
WALL KOTE - Sale Aid
MASTER GUARD - Sale Aid
HYCROWN - Sale Aid
SHOW KOTE - Paint
MAINTAIN - Coating Product
RAPID ROOF - Coating Product
PRIME TIME - Coating Product
POLYTUFF - Coating Product
KOLOR KOTE - Coating Product
BENCHMARK - Coating Product
WAC - Roof Cleaning Product
RUST OFF - Roof Cleaning Product
360-S - Sealant
CONKLIN - Logo
ALUMIFY - Paint
CITRUS CARE - Cleaning Product
FLEXION - Single Ply
HY-CROWN - Single Ply
PRE WAUSH - Cleaning Product
SKYLIGHT - Coating Product
BATTALION - Lubricant Product
KWIK KAULK - Sealant
SUPER FLUID - Lubricant Product
SILVER PRIME - Lubricant Product
DIKE - Lubricant Product
AGROVANTAGE - Agriculture & Lawn Care
HOME RUN - Agriculture & Lawn Care
MULTI-SURFACE CLEANING GEL - Cleaning Product

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR END: 12/31

SALES:  USD 25,000,000 - USD 49,999,999

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Hansen, Jergensen & Nergaard, 740 Northland Plaza 3800 W. 80th St.,
Minneapolis, MN, 55431
BANKER: First Bank, 7001 France Ave. S., Edina, MN, 55435, (612) 973-0761
COUNSEL: Moss & Barnett, 4800 Wells Fargo Ctr 90 S 7th St, Minneapolis, MN,
55402, (612) 877-5000

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017

                              357 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                            Healthy Future Group LLC

                        9950 W Boonville New Harmony Rd
                             Evansville,  IN 47720
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 812-963-5380
URL: http://healthyfuturegroup.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/healthyfuturegroupllc

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 37827517

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Healthy Future Group LLC is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on First
Aid, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Business Services, Delivery Services,
and 7 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Healthy Future
Group LLC does business in the Agriculture, Biomedical, and Communications
Industries, as well as 12 other major Manufacturing Industries. The company
describes itself via it's website thusly: "Healthy Future Group is working to
build a sustainable future by finding you the best products and services that
enable self sufficient lifestyles and a stronger community."
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; All Other Support Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
56199000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Business Services
     ·    Delivery Services
     ·    Landscaping
     ·    Packaging


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Textiles & Apparel


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Ice
     ·    Organic



OTHER KEYWORDS:  Banners, Beds, Building Materials, Bullets, Business Services,
Candles, Containers, Coupons, Curbs, Decks, Delivery Services, Digital Safes,
Elements, Felt, Fences, Firearms, First Aid, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies,
Generators, Grasses, Guns, Gutters, Handguns, Ice, Landscaping, Lighting,
Organic, Packaging, Posts, Radios, Rifles, Scrap, Seed, Solutions, Springs

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              358 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      MAY 22, 2003 Thursday CITY-D EDITION

Bush slams Europe's policies on AIDS and famine in Africa

BYLINE: Ron Hutcheson INQUIRER WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 755 words

DATELINE: NEW LONDON, Conn.


President Bush took the offensive against America's prickliest foreign allies
yesterday, accusing European nations of hindering the fight against famine and
not doing enough to combat AIDS.

The tough talk, a week before Bush meets with European leaders in France at a
summit of major industrialized nations, signaled he was not ready to soothe hard
feelings over his handling of the war with Iraq. Relations with France and
Germany are still rocky, and polls indicate that anti-American sentiment is
strong in Europe.

Without mentioning any specific countries, Bush challenged European leaders to
follow his lead in spending more to fight AIDS in Africa. The House of
Representatives gave final approval yesterday to Bush's $15 billion, five-year
plan for AIDS research and treatment in Africa and the Caribbean.

In a commencement speech at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy, Bush said he intended
to remind European leaders that "the clock is ticking" on AIDS and urge them to
"match their good intentions with real resources." The annual Group of Eight
summit brings together leaders from the United States, Canada, France, Germany,
Britain, Italy, Russia and Japan.

In Washington, one European Union official, who asked not to be identified
because he was not authorized to quarrel publicly with Bush, expressed dismay.
"We've been involved in development in Africa for a long time, and I think we
are probably the major donor of all forms of aid to Africa," the official said.

Bush used harsher language in criticizing European agriculture policies,
asserting that European opposition to genetically engineered crops could prolong
famine in Africa.

The European Union has banned the importation of genetically altered crops -
soybeans, corn and other plants that have been altered to thwart pests and
disease - because of health and environmental concerns that Washington contends
are groundless.

U.S. agriculture companies have taken the lead in biotechnology, and the United
States filed papers last week asking the World Trade Organization to declare the
ban illegal.

Advocates of genetic engineering say it can help end famine by dramatically
increasing crop yields, but many developing nations are reluctant to accept
genetically modified grain or to plant it themselves for fear that they would be
unable to export their agricultural products.

"We have the ability to confront this suffering. . . . Yet our partners in
Europe are hindering this effort," Bush said, adding that Europe's concerns
stemmed from "unfounded, unscientific fears."

The EU official said European governments did not counsel African nations about
importing genetically modified food: "As far as GM food imports, it's up to the
countries in Africa to decide what they want. Mixing up the issue with the GM
stuff is not really honest."

As for Bush's combative tone, the EU official said: "My personal reaction is
that it's not uncommon, even in this age of television, for people to speak to
one audience and think another audience is not listening. It wouldn't surprise
me if he takes a much more diplomatic line next week. Still, there is a tendency
for Europe-bashing, and it's annoying."

Bush also criticized European agricultural subsidies, a long-standing source of
friction between the United States and France, in particular.

"When wealthy nations subsidize their agricultural exports, it prevents poor
countries from developing their own agricultural sectors," Bush said, calling on
"our partners in Europe" to "immediately eliminate subsidies" on agricultural
exports to developing nations.

His tone signaled to European leaders that if there were fences to mend, it was
up to them to make the first move. Focusing on AIDS and agriculture also might
help the President head off attempts by his critics to turn next week's summit
into a debate over dealing with postwar Iraq.

But Bush's remarks were almost sure to offend Europeans who consider him a
swaggering bully and resent Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld's dismissal of
some of them as "old Europe."

Later yesterday, Bush headlined a $22 million fund-raising gala in Washington
for GOP Senate and House candidates.

The Washington Convention Center event was the closest any political party has
come to matching the record $30 million-plus that Bush helped raise at each of
two galas last spring.

Contact reporter Ron Hutcheson at 202-383-6101 or rhutcheson@krwashington.com.

The Associated Press also contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              359 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 2, 2010 Saturday

BRIEF: Federal disaster aid OK'd for area farmers

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 163 words


Oct. 02--Farmers in 16 northwest Ohio counties are eligible for federal disaster
aid, Gov. Ted Strickland's office said.

The counties are Lucas, Wood, Ottawa, Fulton, Hancock, Defiance, Erie, Henry,
Hardin, Paulding, Putnam, Sandusky, Seneca, Van Wert, Williams, and Wyandot.

The disaster aid, from the U.S. Department of Agriculture, is in the form of
emergency loans and assistance payments. It is intended to help offset losses
from rain, flooding, high winds, hail, tornadoes, drought, freeze, and frost
incurred from April 1 through Aug. 3.

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101002-TO-BRF-Federal-disaster-aid-OK-d-for-area-farmers-1002-20101002

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2010 The Blade

                              360 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   April 9, 2001, Monday, THREE STAR EDITION

NATION BRIEFS

BYLINE: From News ServicesNATIONAL NEWS; CURRENT AFFAIRS

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A4

LENGTH: 623 words



EAST

WASHINGTON

White House plans new AIDS office, official says

President George W. Bush will soon announce a reorganized White House AIDS
office that will tie efforts to combat the disease to a key domestic policy team
and two Cabinet agencies, an administration official said Sunday.

The Office of National AIDS Policy will be led by a director who is a member of
the White House Domestic Policy Council, said the official, who insisted on
anonymity. It will also include one staff member from the State Department and
another from the Department of Health and Human Services.

Adding a State Department staff member would mark an expansion of the AIDS
office's structure under President Bill Clinton, the official said. That person
would work to address AIDS-related issues overseas, particularly in Africa.

In addition, Secretary of State Colin Powell and Health and Human Services
Secretary Tommy Thompson will head an AIDS task force that Clinton created, the
official said.

Bush was to announce the AIDS efforts, and who will head the Office of National
AIDS policy, in the near future, the official said.

WEST

LOS ANGELES

Mayoral candidates set campaign spending record

The six leading candidates in the race to be mayor of the nation's
second-largest city have broken a spending record in hopes of winning Tuesday's
election.

Led by the apparent front-runners - City Attorney James Hahn, businessman Steve
Soboroff and former Assembly Speaker Antonio Villaraigosa - the six major
candidates had collected more than $ 17 million as of Wednesday. The old record
for the mayor's race was $ 12.9 million, set in 1993.

The lavish spending illustrates the challenge of running for citywide office in
Los Angeles. If no candidate gets more than 50 percent of Tuesday's vote, the
top two will meet in a June 5 runoff.

Mayor Richard Riordan, a Republican, is being forced out by term limits after
eight years in office.

GRAND JUNCTION, Colo.

Widely banned poison kills animals in town

A poison so deadly that it is banned in all but four states has killed 30 dogs
and cats and 35 birds in a small neighborhood in Orchard Mesa outside Grand
Junction, police say. The poison even sickened a police officer who handled a
stricken dog; he was ill for 10 days.

Police said Thursday that veterinary experts at Texas A&M University identified
the poison as sodium monofluoroacetate, also known as Compound 1080. The
compound was used in the West for predator control until it was banned in 1972.

The poison was banned because it continued through the food chain, killing
birds, coyotes, eagles, bears and others that came in contact with the targeted
animal.

The substance is allowed in diluted use only in Idaho, Montana, Nevada and
Wyoming, where it is tightly controlled by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

CAMARILLO, Calif.

Gasoline prices are up nationwide, survey says

Gasoline prices at the pump shot up 7 cents in the past two weeks, the first
such rise since early January, an oil industry analyst said Sunday.

The price increase was due mainly to seasonal demand, said analyst Trilby
Lundberg.

The average price of gasoline was about $ 1.54 a gallon, up 7.1 cents from March
23, according to the Lundberg Survey of 8,000 stations nationwide.

Prices had fallen more than 5 cents a gallon since Jan. 15 as the winter season
reduced driving, which in turn reduced the demand for gasoline.

Refineries are also beginning to shift production to special environmentally
friendly formulas required in some states. That, plus a routine decrease in
refining capacity because of scheduled maintenance, also contributed to the
price rise.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Nation Briefs Column

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              361 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                              NC Safety Conference

                                 839 Jackson St
                           Roanoke Rapids,  NC 27870
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 919-807-2603
URL: http://www.ncsafetyconference.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:
http://www.facebook.com/pages/NC-Safety-Conference-Inc/328415788628

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 26298979

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI, ISO 9001
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
NC Safety Conference is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on Earplugs,
First Aid, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Carpeting, and 9 other Product &
Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. NC Safety Conference does business
in the Agriculture, Automotive, and Biomedical Industries, as well as 27 other
major Manufacturing Industries. NC Safety Conference has at least 2 business
locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "North Carolina
Safety Conference - North Carolina Safety Conference"
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; Other Management Consulting Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
54161800
SIC CODES:
87489909
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Earplugs
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Carpeting
     ·    Cleaning Services
     ·    Engraving
     ·    General Services
     ·    Rentals


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Mining
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Bronze
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Gold
     ·    Ice
     ·    Indium
     ·    Natural Gas
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Platinum
     ·    Silver
     ·    Steel


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Agendas, Alcohol, Applicators, Audiometers, Backgrounds,
Badges, Banking, Beds, Biologicals, Brochures, Bronze, Burners, Calendars,
Carpeting, Ceramic Tile, Ceramics, Chairs, Chemicals, Chimneys, Cleaning
Services, Coats, Coffees, Columbium, Computer Systems, Containers, Coupons,
Crates, Credit Cards, Custom Computers, Data Recovery, Defibrillators, Desks,
Display Panels, Dividers, Earplugs, Easels, Engraving, Escalators, Feeds, First
Aid, First Aid Cabinets, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Folding Chairs,
Games, General Services, Generators, Globes, Gold, Grids, Groundwater, Guides,
Hardware, Hazardous Materials, Headers, Hoists, Ice, Indium, Levers, Measures,
Molded Plastics, Monitoring Systems, Natural Gas, Nets, Noise Control, Padding,
Panels, Pearls, Pedestals, Pegboard, Perforated Boards, Pesticides, Photography,
Piping, Plastics, Platinum, Protectors, Registers, Rentals, Rollaway Beds,
Rounds, Safety Equipment, Seating, Shipping Labels, Shipyards, Silver,
Solutions, Speakers, Spirometers, Springs, Stairs, Steel, Stools, Storage
Cabinets, Suits, Table Tops, Tables, Telephones, Thread, Tires, Tripods,
Wastewater Treatment, Wire, Wood Displays

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              362 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                               November 12, 2001

Walsh prepared to veto WTO deal
Minister says EU must not give way to US demands to drop export subsidies and
direct income support

BYLINE: By DENIS STAUNTON

SECTION: CITY EDITION; BUSINESS AND FINANCE; WTO SUMMIT IN DOHA; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 515 words

DATELINE: DOHA


The Minister for Agriculture, Mr Walsh, has warned that he will block the launch
of any new trade round that commits the EU to eliminating or phasing out
subsidies to farmers.

In Doha, where he is attending a Ministerial Conference of the World Trade
Organisation (WTO), Mr Walsh said the EU must not budge in its opposition to
demands from the US and other countries that export subsidies and direct income
support should be phased out.

He said: "It is no more acceptable today than it was two years ago in Seattle.
It is unacceptable."

Failure to agree on farm subsidies was among the reasons the last attempt to
launch a trade round failed in Seattle in 1999.

The European Commission has a mandate to negotiate on behalf of the EU on the
basis of positions agreed between the 15 member-states. The mandate includes a
commitment to reject an agreement that obliges the EU to reduce subsidies with a
view to phasing out or eliminating them.

But some member-states, including the Nordic countries and Britain, have
indicated that they are willing to compromise on agriculture to secure a deal on
other issues.

Only Ireland and France have stated that there is no room for compromise on
subsidies to farmers, an issue that the French trade minister, Mr Francois
Huwart, said could prevent a trade round being launched. "It is a breaking point
with great consequences," he said.

According to sources close to the talks, Mr Huwart made clear to other EU
ministers that he has instructions from both President Jacques Chirac and the
Prime Minister, Mr Lionel Jospin, not to compromise on agriculture.

The EU cannot accept a deal in Doha unless all 15 member-states agree to it.

Mr Walsh pointed out that direct payments account for 60 per cent of the average
Irish farmers' income. As a state that exports one third of its agricultural
produce outside the EU, Ireland has an important interest in retaining export
refunds, he said.

He insisted that agreement was possible in Doha without changing the EU's
position on agriculture, which has taken the member-states two years to agree.

"There is no reason why agriculture should be made a sacrificial lamb for a new
trade round."

There were signs yesterday that the WTO meeting was nearing agreement on the
issue of access to medicines for poorer countries. The 142 countries are
expected to agree to a declaration asserting that WTO patent protection rules
should not prevent countries from protecting public health.

Poorer countries want to be allowed to produce and import cheap, generic
versions of expensive drugs, particularly treatments for HIV and Aids. Other
contentious issues include an EU demand that environmental standards should play
a role in any new trade round.

The EU has already signalled that it is prepared to abandon a call for
investment and competition to play a role in the trade round.

But Mr Walsh was adamant that there would be no deviation from the agreed EU
line on agriculture. "I'm here to ensure that the European Commission's mandate
is strictly adhered to," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2001 The Irish Times

                              363 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 1, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE RELIEF MAY BE BRIEF FOR SMALL FARMS

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING

SECTION: Section 4; Page 5, Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 1048 words

DATELINE: JEFFERSON, Iowa


As the Reagan Administration's new payment in kind and acreage reduction
programs are edging into place in the rain-sodden South and Middle West, a
wide-ranging debate is getting under way. It involves questions about which
types of farmers will ultimately be helped the most, how much the farm supply
merchants will be hurt, and what, if anything, the nonplanting of so much grain
and cotton land will do to retail food supplies.

Here in central Iowa, in one of the greatest grain producing areas in the world,
nearly 70 percent of the farmers are committed to not planting some portion of
the acres on which they usually grow corn.  In the rich winter-planted wheat
areas of Kansas, 29 percent of the land that is normally devoted to this crop
will not be harvested. In the cotton belts of Texas and the South, 44 percent of
the cotton land won't be planted this spring.

In return, at harvest time, these farmers will be given grains and cotton now
controlled by the Agriculture Department, which they may sell or store while
they wait for better prices. In addition, they will get cash payments early next
year for what they would have grown on 10 percent of their land usually planted
in these crops.

Most authorities agree that the principal cause of the current farm recession,
the worst since the 1930's, is the huge surplus of grains and cotton that has
piled up during the past two record breaking crop years. By paying farmers in
cash and in kind to leave idle 36 percent of their wheat, corn, rice and cotton
land, the Administration hopes the 1983 crops will be smaller and 1984 farm
prices will be be higher. Meanwhile, the Government will be transferring to the
farmers the commodities it now holds as collateral for three years of price
support loans.

There are no doubts that the new payment in kind and acreage reduction plans
will provide some help, in the long run, for the larger family farmers. They
will be of even more assistance to the tiny number of large corporately owned
farms, because the $50,000 limit on Government aid has been removed from the
p.i.k. program.

But there seems to be more doubt about what all this will do for the smaller
family farm operators, who have been in bigger money trouble than their larger,
better financed competitors.

William Lesher, the Agriculture Department's chief economist, says his agency
believes the new programs will keep many small farmers in business another year
or two ''until things turn around.''

''It's going to give them some badly needed credit,'' he said.  ''It's also
going to assure them a little cash after harvest, no matter what the weather
does. And some will not have to borrow as much this year because they aren't
going to plant as much.''

John Schnittker, a former Assistant Agriculture Secretary and now a private farm
consultant in Washington, was not so sure. ''There is not much change in all
this from past commodity aid programs,'' he said. ''The old ones have always
helped the big family farmers the most, even though the Congressional rhetoric
says they are designed to bail out the small ones. There is a strong tide in all
these plans against the small farmer. Since the benefits in these new ones, like
the old ones, are based on the volume of production, the big family farmers,
once again, will benefit the most.''

Rarely do members of the House or Senate miss a chance to warn that family farms
are facing extinction or to demand that new steps be taken immediately to
preserve these hallowed examples of American enterprise and probity. Actually,
family-owned farms constitute more than 99 percent of the 2.4 American farms now
being tilled. Most of the less than 1 percent that are corporately owned are
included among the large citrus and vegetable farms in Florida and California
and the large cotton and rice farms in California.

Certainly the number of family farms has been declining steadily since the
1950's. But as their owners sold out and took jobs in town, their neighbors,
family farmers too, have bought up their land. As these operations have been
expanded, a smaller number of family farmers have been producing ever larger
portions of the country's food and fibre. Last year, 12 percent of this
country's farmers produced 68 percent of all farm commodities and profited
proportionately.

While few of them believed the new farm programs would do much in the next two
years to reduce the surpluses, many family farmers, large and small, and their
suppliers, seem certain that the rural economy is already getting a lift from
the knowledge that there will be cash, or its in-kind equivalent, coming in this
fall, regardless of what the weather or markets do to them. There's also the
money they're saving by not planting.

''At the moment, this is all more psychological than real,'' said Max Naylor,
one of this area's more skilled grain growers. ''But the prospect of guaranteed
cash later is improving farmers' credit ratings already and it could help bail
out some of the 5 percent or so of the farmers around here who are in bad money
trouble right now.''

The improved outlook, said Cecil Alvis, vice president of the Moultrie National
Bank, ''won't be near as much as the bigger farmers will get. But we're sort of
riding a little optimism here on the perception that Reagan is finally trying to
do something for the farmers.'' In southern Georgia, where the family-operated
cotton, corn, tobacco and peanut farms are a third the size of the grain farms
in the Middle West, the drought has ended and many of the small farmers are
participating in the new programs.

The abnormally wet spring, in general, has helped corn and cotton growers. The
winter-planted wheat is said to be in excellent condition and, despite the
reduction in harvested acres, the forecasters are expecting, at the least, a
crop of more than 2 billion bushels. This would be smaller than the 2.7 billion
grown last year but still the fourth largest on record.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: graph showing statistical variations in farm size, no.,
& total acreage

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company

                              364 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 23, 2004 Monday

Hefty farm-aid package planned;
Signalling return to governing agenda, Martin to move on help for mad-cow crisis

BYLINE: DREW FAGAN, OTTAWA BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 592 words


Ottawa is expected to soon announce additional assistance worth hundreds of
millions of dollars for farmers hurt by the mad-cow crisis, in another sign that
the Martin government is intent on getting back to a governing agenda after
being immersed for two weeks in controversy over the sponsorship scandal.

Government sources said yesterday that the aid package - worth well over
$300-million - likely will be approved by the federal cabinet this week and
announced within 10 days. In a swing through Manitoba and Saskatchewan last
Friday, Prime Minister Paul Martin hinted that Ottawa is intent on doing more
for beef farmers, who have been suffering since last spring when the critical
U.S. market was closed to them because of a single case of bovine spongiform
encephalopathy, or BSE, found on an Alberta farm.

"Governments are going to have to help our beef producers," Mr. Martin said.

At a cabinet meeting last Thursday, officials say, Mr. Martin called on
ministers to bring forward policy initiatives that might have lagged lately
because of the focus on the sponsorship scandal.

The Prime Minister's appeal came one day after Liberal MPs had suggested as much
to him.

"Everything is geared on getting back to an agenda," a senior federal official
said. "I think you are seeing everything moved up."

Agriculture Minister Bob Speller has been pressing for new federal aid for
farmers, although it remains unclear whether the provinces will be willing to
provide funding of their own.

The previous Chrétien government spent more than $400-million on aid programs
nationwide, an amount roughly equal to what the Alberta government says it spent
on its own.

Alberta now wants Ottawa to be more generous as the crisis drags on, and
suggests it is tapped out.

The aid package provided by former agriculture minister Lyle Vanclief last year
was meant to provide farmers with short-term "transitional" payments to get them
over a hump caused by the border closing last May.

The border was reopened to beef exports last fall, and it appeared late last
year as if the U.S. government was about to allow most Canadian cattle exports
to recommence in early 2004.

But the discovery in early January that a cow in Washington state that had
tested positive for BSE originated in Alberta put an indefinite delay on
cross-border cattle shipments.

The chief veterinarian for the U.S. Agriculture Department said earlier this
month that the border likely would not reopen to Canadian cattle until at least
the summer.

A Canadian official said yesterday that, before the discovery of the cow in
Washington state, Ottawa had expected the border to reopen to most cattle by
late February or early March.

The original aid package had been aimed at helping farmers until as late as
August, since it was designed to ensure that all farmers didn't rush to sell
their cattle in the United States as soon as the border reopened - and possibly
cause a sudden drop in prices received at home.

The first package is no longer adequate, the official suggested, since there is
now no sign that the border will open soon.

The U.S. Agriculture Department is expected to take a small step in this
direction later this week when it asks for comments from interested U.S. parties
about whether it should reverse the trade ban.

But few Canadian officials expect that the commentary process will significantly
bolster their case that the industries on both sides of the border are
intimately linked and that it makes little sense to artificially divide the
marketplace.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2004 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              365 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                Salem Housing Community Development Corporation

                               3216 M L King Ave
                                Flint,  MI 48505
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 810-785-5340
URL: http://www.salemhousing.org/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 13491126

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Salem Housing Community Development Corporation is a company focussed on First
Aid, First Aid Kits, Garages, Grasses, Sheds, and 8 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Salem Housing Community Development
Corporation does business in the Agriculture, Architecture, and Automotive
Industries, as well as 12 other major Manufacturing Industries. Salem Housing
Community Development Corporation has at least 2 business locations. The company
describes itself via it's website thusly: "Salem Housing - Building Stronger
Communities Through Homeownership - Flint, Michigan"

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
81331900
SIC CODES:
95310000
CAGE CODES:
57DE0
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Garages
     ·    Grasses
     ·    Sheds


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Landscaping
     ·    Rentals
     ·    Waterproofing


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Catalysts
     ·    Glass


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  Less than $1 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Architects, Brooms, Brushes, Calendars, Catalysts, Clothing,
Cosmetics, Drywall, Faucets, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Garages, Glass, Goggles,
Grasses, Hats, Intakes, Jeans, Landscaping, Microwave, Organizers, Ovens, Paint
Brushes, Paint Scrapers, Patches, Rags, Rakes, Refrigerators, Registers,
Rentals, Rounds, Scrapers, Seed, Sheds, Snacks, Solutions, Springs, Stakes,
Sunscreens, Trim, Waterproofing, Work Gloves

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              366 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                             August 1, 2006 Tuesday

Johnson, Gabriel team up for resolution

BYLINE: Kelly Stone, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 416 words


Aug. 1--North Dakota's agriculture commissioner had a hand in creating two
resolutions that were approved last week by the Midwest Association of State
Departments of Agriculture.

The first resolution urges Congress, the president and the U.S. Agriculture
Department to "move rapidly to implement disaster legislation to provide
financial assistance to producers affected by drought and other adverse weather
conditions covering the 2005 and 2006 crop years."

Roger Johnson introduced the bill jointly with South Dakota Agriculture
Commissioner Larry Gabriel.

"Larry and I are really good friends," Johnson says. "He's a Republican and I'm
a Democrat, and we have philosophical differences, but not on disaster relief."

Johnson says he's pleased that the resolution not only had bipartisan support
from MASDA, but passed unanimously.

Ironically, neither Johnson nor Gabriel were at the meeting in Madison, Wis.,
when the disaster resolution was introduced and brought to vote.

Both were back in their home states monitoring wildfires made worse by extremely
dry conditions.

As for the impact that resolution actually will have on Congress and the White
House, Johnson says, "it's hard to say, but I know if we're going to get it
passed, we're going to have to put enormous pressure on from every direction we
can.

"If you want something to move through the Legislature, especially at the
national level, you've got to come at it from as many directions as possible."

MASDA members also approved Johnson's resolution supporting a "25x25" energy
initiative. It calls for America's working lands to provide 25 percent of all
the energy consumed in the United States by the year 2025.

"I'm big on setting goals because you make more progress when you say this is
what you want to do, rather than just stumbling along," Johnson says.

"Renewable energy has enormous profit potential for agriculture, and North
Dakota is as well positioned as any other state in the country to take advantage
of that."

The MASDA meeting concluded July 25. The National Association of State
Departments of Agriculture meets Sept. 15 to 20 in Norfolk, Va.

To see more of Agweek, or to subscribe to the magazine, go to
http://www.agweek.com. Copyright (c) 2006, Agweek Magazine Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060801-AW-AG-DISASTER-AID-20060801

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2006 Agweek

                              367 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 26, 1985, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

SENATE DEMOCRATS PROPOSE FARM CREDIT PLAN

BYLINE: By STEVEN V. ROBERTS

SECTION: Section A; Page 21, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 808 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 25


Senate Democrats pressed forward today with their courting of farm state voters
as they proposed two amendments that would make it easier for farmers to obtain
loans in time for spring planting.

The Democrats are trying to attach their amendments to legislation providing
$175 million in nonfood aid for African countries stricken by famine. If their
proposals are accepted, the Democrats reason, they would likely become law
because President Reagan would have trouble vetoing the popular African relief
bill.

The amendments advanced today were part of a deal struck Saturday between
Senator Bob Dole of Kansas, the majority leader, and farm state Democrats who
were filibustering against the nomination of Edwin Meese 3d as Attorney General.
The Democrats dropped their filibuster when the Administration promised to make
existing loan programs easier to use; in addition, the Republican leadership
agreed to allow Democrats to offer additional credit measures as amendments to
the African aid bill.

The amendments include proposals to subsidize interest rates on farm loans and
to pay farmers this spring money they would normally not receive until fall.

Opposition From Dole

Senator Dole strongly opposed the Democratic amendments today, on the ground
that current efforts by the Administration to alleviate the credit crunch were
adequate.

''We don't see the need for any additional amendments,'' Mr. Dole said.

He also argued that any additional spending for farmers by Congress would
undermine Republican efforts to forge a deficit-reduction package. ''The best
thing we can do for farmers is reduce the deficit,'' he said.

But Senator David L. Boren, Democrat of Oklahoma, disagreed. ''We still feel
more needs to be done,'' he told reporters,

He was supported by Senator Mark Andrews, Republican of North Dakota, who said
he would co-sponsor one of the Democratic amendments. Mr. Andrews, a sugar beet
farmer, called the proposals for extra aid ''highly necessary.''

Mr. Andrews is one of 22 incumbent Republicans facing re-election next year, and
legislators from agricultural states will face a tough choice on the Democratic
amendments. Senator Boren predicted that if the Republican leadership did not
make the issue one of party discipline, the Democrats could get a number of
Republican votes for their proposals.

''Sure it will be an issue in the next election,'' Mr. Boren said. Any
Republican who opposes the amendments, he added, will ''have to do a lot of
accounting back to their constituents, and they know that.''

Testimony from State Lawmakers

The politically potent nature of the farm credit issue was underscored today
when state legislators from the Farm Belt testified at several hearings around
Capitol Hill. ''These people wouldn't be here if they felt they were getting
adequate help,'' Senator Andrews said.

Susan Roenbaugh, a state legislator from Kansas, told a hearing of the Senate
Agriculture Committee, ''American agriculture is in the worst shape its been in
for many, many years.''

Mrs. Roenbaugh, a Republican, lives on a farm. She added, ''It's sort of like
the farmers are hanging by their hands from a cliff and the Government is
stepping on their fingers.''

The farm credit issue was also raised in a discussion that John R. Block, the
Secretary of Agriculture, had today with members of the National Governors'
Association. Many were openly skeptical of the Administration's farm programs,
and Gov. Mark White of Texas expressed the hope that the Administration's
''safety net'' for farmers ''is not painted on the concrete.''

One of the amendments advanced by Senate Democrats would revise many of the
procedures governing existing loan programs and make them easier to use. One key
change would provide $100 million in Federal funds to subsidize interest rates
charged to farmers by commercial banks for loans guaranteed by Washington.

Paying for Subsidy

Under current rules, Senator Andrews argues, the cost of the subsidy is unfairly
born by other borrowers, such as local merchants, and that as a result, many
small banks have refrained from participating in the program.

The second proposed amendment would allow farmers to receive payments this
spring for crops to be harvested in the fall. Normally these payments are only
available after the harvest, but sponsors of the amendment argue that farmers
need the cash now to finance spring planting.

Senator Dole and the Reagan Administration argue that the proposal could cost $9
billion or $10 billion, the amount that would be made available for advance
payments.

Senator Boren and other supporters argue that any funds advanced to farmers
ahead of schedule would have been paid out anyway. ''We're just getting the
money out there sooner,'' the Oklahoma Democrat said.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company

                              368 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Clovis News Journal (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday

Apps growing aid to farmers

BYLINE: Lillian Bowe, Clovis News Journal, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 320 words


Feb. 19--lbowe@pntonline.com

Even on the farm, there's an app for that.

Tuesday at the New Mexico Ag Expo, David Yates, a management specialist at Texas
A&M AgriLife Extension showed his audience how to bridge large-scale farming and
handeld technologies with a seminar on agriculture application of tablets and
smart phones.

Yates said there is an app for everything, but it is more difficult to find apps
that pertain to agriculture. So he decided to write his own apps that can be
used in managing agricultural based operations.

"I learned that designing an app is much harder than it sounds.," Yates said.
"It can be expensive and time consuming."

Yates said apps simplify many tasks for farmers and ranchers, and taught the
audience how to search for apps while also providing a list of apps he uses and
a recommendation to ask friends what they use.

Yates had several categories of apps including markets, livestock, agriculture
news, weather, agronomy and precision agriculture.

"The apps I showed, I have used myself and they really help around the farm,"
Yates said.

One of the apps he highlighted was an app called ID Weed, which was created by
the University of Missouri and helps identify weeds and what pesticides to use.

Another app for livestock, CVP Vet, has more than 5,600 pharmaceutical,
biological, feed medication and parasiticide products listed. It can be used
when a person needs to know the dosage of medication for their animals or needs
to know what medication to use when an animal is showing specific symptoms.

Yates said there are apps that can help in management and bookkeeping which make
life easier.

"Everyone nowadays has a smartphone," Yates said. "Why not use it on the farm to
help mix pesticides or measure the acreage of a piece of land?"

___ (c)2014 the Clovis News Journal (Clovis, N.M.) Visit the Clovis News Journal
(Clovis, N.M.) at www.cnjonline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140219-CJ-Apps-growing-aid-to-farmers-0219-20140219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJ


                       Copyright 2014 Clovis News Journal

                              369 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                              July 19, 2004 Monday

Three counties await decision on disaster aid

BYLINE: David Knutson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 393 words


Heavy rains washed out crops in three Minnesota counties this spring, prompting
Gov. Tim Pawlenty to call for disaster aid.

Lake of the Woods, Roseau and Marshall counties all sustained crop damage of
more than 30 percent due to soaked fields.

The matter is now in the hands of U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Ann Veneman, who
will decide whether to designate the counties as federal disaster areas. That
designation would allow eligible farmers to receive low-interest loans to aid
their recovery.

Warren Pommier, state program specialist with the USDA's Farm Service Agency in
St. Paul, said Roseau received the most damage - losing up to 90 percent of
crops in some cases. Marshall suffered 50 percent loss, while Lake of the Woods
had about 60 percent loss. The figures are still rough estimates, he said.

"Most of it was because land didn't even get planted," Pommier said. "It stayed
wet too long from the heavy rains."

The governor's request to the USDA came after the Minnesota State Emergency
Board determined the counties to be eligible for disaster declaration.

The board is made up of representatives of federal farm agencies as well as the
state Department of Agriculture and Minnesota Extension Service.

The USDA is expected to respond to the request from Pawlenty in four to six
weeks.

To be eligible for the low-interest loans, producers must present evidence of
their need, Pommier said.

"They have to show they need the money to keep their farm operation going," he
said. "They still have to meet the criteria."

Farmers also have crop insurance that they can access before turning to the
federal low-interest low programs, Pommier noted.

"In those counties, they probably have between 90 and 95 percent participation
in crop insurance," he said.

Tom Decock, a loan specialist with the Farm Service Agency, said during the last
fiscal year Minnesota farmers received 695 direct low-interest loans amounting
to $42 million from the USDA and another 784 guaranteed loans amounting to $146
million.

Those figures are roughly average for recent years, he said.

The numbers were much higher during the farm crisis years such as those of the
mid-1980s or in 1994 following the massive flooding of the Mississippi River the
year before.

"Our loan activity often follows a poor situation (for farmers)," Decock said.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved

                              370 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          September 21, 1989, Thursday

PORK BELLIES RISE ON NEWS OF AID TO POLAND, HUNGARY

BYLINE: From Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Pork belly futures turned sharply higher Wednesday in response to news the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted in favor of endorsing aid for Poland
and Hungry.

Prices on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange closed up the daily permissible limit
of 200 points or 2 cents a pound. The nearby February delivery closed at 49.50
cents while the March contract was 49.62 cents. October live hog futures ere up
to 41.82 cents.

The Senate action revived bullish sentiment about pork exports to Poland, which
helped the market in recent weeks, dealers said.

Meanwhile, CME live cattle futures closed mostly lower but were lifted from
their lows on spillover buying created by the late reversal in the pork complex.
The spot September delivery was the sole gainer, up 1.20 cents to 70 cents a
pound.

Belly prices were down earlier in the day on long liquidation that reflected the
lack of definitive news about pork belly sales to Poland. Early weakness,
however, was tempered by news of higher cash hog prices.

A high-level U.S. Department of Agriculture official Tuesday night told a group
of pork industry executives that the outlook is bright for U.S. shipments of
pork to Poland.

Richard Crowder, undersecretary for international affairs and commodity
programs, told members of the National Pork Producers Council: "We are looking
at a number of options, of which bellies are one.

"We want to put together immediate assistance, but we don't want to disrupt
their (Poland's) marketing or supply system," he said.

However, the Bush administration already has pledged to send $ 100 worth of food
aid to Poland. The administration had said that meat would be included in a $ 50
million shipment that is part of that total. But no specifics were given on what
types of meat.

Mr. Crowder told reporters the European Community has pledged beef shipments to
Poland, indicating the United States may want to emphasize pork shipments.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                              371 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    April 29, 1989, Saturday, Tampa Edition

Farmers hit by freeze may get federal loans

SOURCE: Compiled from Staff and Wire Reports

BYLINE: JENNIFER ORSI

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 288 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



TALLAHASSEE - Gov. Bob Martinez requested Friday that federal    disaster loans
be made available to farmers in Hillsborough and four    other Florida counties
hardest hit with crop damage from February's    freeze.

     In a letter to U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Clayton Yeutter,    Martinez
wrote that the Feb. 23-26 freeze severely damaged young    vegetable and
ornamental crops in Hillsborough, Charlotte, Flagler,    Putnam and St. Johns
counties.

     Demetrio Arredondo, a farmer and foreman at Bioterra Corp. farms in
Wimauma, said the loans could help him and many other farmers.

     "I guess anything would be helpful," he said. "We really don't    have the
yield (of tomatoes) that we're supposed to have, not even half    of it."

     Arredondo said the tomato crop is planted in three groups, and the
freeze wiped out the first of them. "We didn't have any backup plans    for it,"
he said.

     Farmers were taken by surprise because the freeze came so late in    the
season, he said. He couldn't estimate the farm's loss in dollars    but said he
would apply for a loan if they are made available.

     If federal officials agree to classify the five counties as    disaster
areas, local businesses and individuals can qualify for    low-interest
emergency loans from the Farmers Home Administration.

     In the five counties where damage was most severe, more than    660,000
acres experienced "severe damage and losses, causing economic    disaster for
nearly 3,500 farms," according to the governor's    statement.

 - Information from staff writer Jennifer Orsi was used in this report.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company

                              372 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 3, 2013 Sunday

A fan of farmers: New MOFGA executive director brings diverse experiences to
Maine

BYLINE: Abigail Curtis BDN Staff

LENGTH: 608 words


UNITY, Maine -- The new executive director of the country's oldest and largest
state organic organization has some big gardening shoes to fill, but brings with
him decades of experience helping small farmers all over the country.


Ted Quaday took the helm at the Maine Organic Farmers and Gardeners Association
at the beginning of October. He succeeds longtime organic advocate Russell
Libby, who led the organization from 1995 until his death last year and who was
called a " powerful voice for and leader of small family farmers" at his passing
by the deputy secretary of the United States Department of Agriculture.


Quaday, who originally is from North Dakota, has spent the last 15 years
advocating for family farms and sustainable agriculture, first with Farm Aid and
then as a communications director at the Organic Farming Research Foundation of
Santa Cruz, Calif.


"The work that MOFGA's doing is so critically important," he said Friday. "The
opportunity to come to Maine and head an organization with the track record that
MOFGA has -- well, I was totally glad to accept it."


The Maine organization, which was formed in 1971, now has 11,000 members, and
its annual Common Ground Country Fair brings tens of thousands of people to
Unity every September to learn, teach, sample food, look at animals and
otherwise enjoy rural living.


The new director described his first days on the job as "exciting and active,"
and have allowed him the chance to sample heirloom apples and meet some of the
organization's many involved board members.


"It's great. I'm getting a chance to get out and meet people all the time. It's
fun," he said.


Quaday said that he grew up as a hockey-playing kid who has been involved with
gardening and soil building his entire life. His family always had a garden, and
even though he didn't come from a farming family, in North Dakota, agriculture
is hard to avoid. After college, he worked as a reporter and anchor for a local
TV station in Fargo.


"If you're covering politics in North Dakota, you're always bumping up against
farming. It's part of the framework," he said.


He grew so interested in that framework, he went on to study public
administration in Boston, and was hired by Farm Aid, the organization that
Willie Nelson found in 1985. There, he focused on farm and food issues between
1998 and 2008, during a decade when the food movement was "growing by leaps and
bounds." In that period, the USDA finally implemented organic standards and
interest in organic agriculture took off. In Santa Cruz, he was involved in
advocating organic farming at the national level.


"Organic is really about paying attention to nature and to what nature is
telling you about the health of your soil," he said. "It's the difference
between people who are building soil and nurturing soil, and those who are
mining soil."


In Maine, MOFGA's work is important both locally and beyond, he said, especially
as the changing climate poses new challenges for crops and farmers. Increased
interest in organic farming has led many people without agriculture backgrounds
to the vegetable fields, and in Maine MOFGA has helped provide them training and
support.


"In 60 years of industrialization, people have lost their memory of how to think
about a diversified farm structure," Quaday said. "The folks that have come back
to farming now have to relearn the system."


He said that Libby was a visionary of the food movement, who helped shape it
both in Maine and regionally.


"My objective is to follow that vision," Quaday said. "It's a democratic
approach. We need to ensure that those voices will always have an opportunity to
be heard and heralded."

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Bangor Daily News

                              373 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             March 23, 2003 Sunday

Revisiions in inccentives program cause controversy; Environmental quality:
Should large operations receive federal funding to control pollution?

BYLINE: mailto:jeverly@wcinet.comJOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. d4

LENGTH: 888 words


Just about everyone agrees that protecting our soil and water from degradation
is important. Farmers, landowners, environmentalists and conservationists
frequently work together to improve water quality.

But the means to reach those ends have become controversial, following a
revision in the federal Environmental Quality Incentives Program.

The program was modified in the 2002 Farm Bill, with funding boosted from $$
@400 million in fiscal 2002 to $$ @1.3 billion by 2007. Sixty percent of the
funds are to assist livestock producers in controlling feedlot runoff and waste
handling.

Under the program, landowners and farmers receive technical assistance from
county offices of the Natural Resources Conservation Service, an agency of the
U.S. Department of Agriculture.

A point of contention centers on whether those additional livestock funds should
be allocated to small- and medium-sized farms only, or if large livestock
operations also should receive funding to control pollution.

The nonprofit Land Stewardship Project, a Minnesota-based group, argues that the
2002 Farm Bill made the program into a subsidy program for large-scale livestock
expansion, in part by increasing the limit for program payments from $$ @50,000
per farm to $$ @450,000 per farm.

The program is heavily utilized by family farms in the tri-state area for
soil-erosion control and manure management. With the tri-state area's
livestock-intensive agriculture, the Environmental Quality Incentives Program
has been a useful tool for cleaning up local rivers and streams.

"That's probably our main program," said Mike Lieurance, district
conservationist with the Grant County (Wis.) Natural Resources Conservation
Service. The program could pump up to $$ @453,000 into Grant County this year,
and almost $$ @1 million over the next five years.

Other area counties also have used program funds to help farmers install
conservation practices on their land.

The program could be more useful, though, if more resources came our way, says
an Iowa farm group. The Environmental Quality Incentives Program must be
structured to assist farmers in meeting new state and federal regulations, the
Iowa Farm Bureau said in a recent letter to the U.S. Natural Resources
Conservation Service. This includes revising the formula to allocate program
funds, the group said.

Rick Robinson, Iowa Farm Bureau environmental affairs director, said crop and
livestock producers face, or will soon face, environmental regulations targeting
air and water quality.

"Implementation costs for these regulations are significant," he said. "A
comprehensive nutrient-management plan could cost $$ @5,000, installation of a
swine-manure-management system $$ @50,000 to $$ @100,000, and a
crop-nutrient-management plan up to $$ @3,000 per year."

The Farm Bureau worries that Iowa might be left holding the bag when it comes to
Environmental Quality Incentives Program funding.

"Midwestern states, such as Iowa, receive inadequate funding - 21 cents per acre
in 2002 compared to $$ @1.18 to $$ @5.75 per acre for Western states," Robinson
said. "For Iowa farmers to be successful in meeting regulatory challenges and
for the program to retain credibility, this disparity must be addressed."

The Natural Resources Conservation Service needs to consider several factors,
such as soil erosion, nutrient loadings and impaired streams in allocating funds
to states, he said.

Robinson said financial assistance to states should be based upon resource
concerns and available to all livestock producers regardless of size.

The Farm First Aid Kits are again available in the Dubuque area. The kits,
designed specifically for treating farm-related injuries, were sold out in their
initial run a few years ago.

Starting Monday, the Farm First Aid Kits can be purchased at county Farm Bureau
offices in Iowa for $$ @30.

The Farm First Aid Kits contain supplies to respond to serious injuries until
help arrives. Each kit contains shears capable of cutting through seams and
zippers on heavy jackets and coveralls, large tweezers, gauze pads and wide
adhesive tape. Eyewash, a large plastic bag for transporting an amputated toe or
finger, a cold pack and a thermal blanket also are included.

A short video about proper use of the kit and a packet about first aid on the
farm are available for review through Farm Bureau offices.

"Access to a Farm First Aid Kit could mean the difference between life and
death," said Iowa Farm Bureau Leadership Director Barb Lykins.

The need is certainly there. According to the Iowa Department of Public Health
and Iowa State University Extension, there were 1,195 farm-related injuries and
38 fatalities in Iowa in 2000.

The kits are jointly sponsored by the Iowa Farm Bureau Foundation; the Iowa Farm
Bureau Federation; Pioneer Hi-Bred International Inc.; Key West True Value
Hardware; the National Education Center for Agricultural Safety; the National
Association of Farm Broadcasters; and Mercy Health Network and its member
hospitals in Dubuque, Clinton, Des Moines, North Iowa and Sioux City.

Everly, a Telegraph Herald reporter, was farm director of Dubuque radio station
KDTH for nearly 10 years. His e-mail address is jeverly@wcinet.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.

                              374 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 31, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

AID IS SOUGHT FOR JOBLESS FARM WORKERS IN ARIZONA

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 21, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 655 words

DATELINE: TUCSON, Ariz., July 30


An organization that assists migrant laborers says one-third of the state's farm
workers have lost their jobs or will soon be laid off and has asked Gov. Bruce
Babbitt to declare a state of economic emergency.

The layoffs, which could eventually affect more than 18,000 workers statewide,
is attributed to several factors, including recent flooding of farmland along
the Colorado River and a new Federal program that has prodded farmers to take a
record number of acres out of production, the organization says.

Also, a large number of Arizona copper workers, many of whom have been laid off
in the past year, are now competing for farm jobs.  Another factor is the recent
large influx of aliens coming illegally from Mexico because of the devaluations
of the peso.

The request for emergency aid came from the board of Portable Practical
Education Preparation Inc., a private, nonprofit agency based here that is
financed in part by the Department of Labor to train and assist migrant farm
families.

Rising unemployment in agricultural states like Arizona was confirmed by
Representative Timothy J. Penny, Democrat of Minnesota, a member of the House
Agriculture Committee. Mr. Penny recently told the National Association of
Farmworker Organizations at its annual meeting here that the new Federal farm
program would help put farmers back on their feet, but would reduce farm
employment.

The new farm program, in which farmers who agree to idle up to half their normal
grain and cotton acreage are paid with surplus Government crops, is called
payment in kind, often referred to by its acronym, PIK. According to the Arizona
Farm Bureau, which represents agricultural producers and ranchers, the program
has had little impact on the state, even though cotton is the state's largest
crop.  The organization said the claims of soaring unemployment were
exaggerated.

However, John Arnold, director of the Tucson educational project, called the
rise in unemployment the worst he had seen in 25 years.  Mr. Arnold, noting that
farm workers were not covered by unemployment benefits or health plans, said,
''When they become victimized by programs like PIK there are no resources to
fall back on.''

He said that among those recently laid off was a 43-year-old man who had worked
at the same cotton farm north of Tucson for 26 years.  Last week the man and his
family were asked to leave the farm, he said.

There are 1.6 million farm workers nationwide, including 55,000 in Arizona. The
Arizona workers include migrants, who move from region to region, and seasonal
workers, who stay in one state, but who help plant or harvest crops on a
seasonal basis. At least as many workers lacking immigration documents, most
from Mexico, call Arizona home, Mr. Arnold said.

Under the farm payment program, 40 to 50 percent of the nation's farmers will
need fewer workers, Mr. Arnold said in the statement sent to the Governor. In
Arizona, the Federal Government is expected to pay farmers $76 million for not
planting on 303,700 acres. Cotton acreage will be cut by two-thirds, according
to Federal figures.

In response to the appeal for emergency aid, Andrew Hurwitz, a spokesman for
Governor Babbitt, said: ''We don't have the technical power to declare an
emergency because of economic factors. We are limited to emergencies resulting
from natural disasters.''

He said a Babbitt aide would meet here next week with members of the migrant
training agency and the Arizona Department of Economic Security. If the Governor
decides to appeal for Federal aid, Arizona could be eligible under the $4.6
billion emergency job bill passed by Congress in March. The money would be used
to provide education, retraining and subsistence

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company

                              375 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    October 23, 1997, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

School Watch;
BRIEFS;
Committee to be formed to study attendance zones

SECTION: EXTRA; Pg. 04M

LENGTH: 394 words


To prepare for the opening of Peeples Elementary next fall, the Fayette school
system will begin the process of redrawing elementary school attendance zones
sometime in December. The first step will be to appoint a committee of parents
and school personnel to look at how the lines are drawn now and try to move as
few children as possible, said Superintendent Dave Brotherton. The schools
affected most by the opening of the new school are Braelinn and Spring Hill, he
said. But Brotherton said a "ripple effect" will spread to the system's other
elementary schools. However, he promised to solicit public input and to develop
a plan to redraw lines in the "least disruptive manner" possible. A final plan
will be finished in the spring so information can go home to parents prior to
the end of this school year.

MORE FRUITS AND VEGGIES: The Fayette County school nutrition program received
the United States Department of Agriculture Best Practices Award for increasing
the daily consumption of fruits and vegetables by students and improving the
quality and quantity of fresh produce served at the schools.

FRIDAY

Burch Elementary in Tyrone is holding a Western Day celebration from 5 to 9 p.m.

There will be games with names such as Texas Tornado and Bronco Bustin', food
and a hayride. The schools is on Jenkins Road in Tyrone. Information:
770-969-2820.

SATURDAY

White Oak Elementary will hold its fall festival from 1 to 4 p.m. The school is
at 770 Lora Smith Road, Newnan.

The Heritage School in Newnan will hold a fall festival from 5:30 to 8:30 p.m..
There will be games, a Moonwalk, a hayride and a fortune teller. The school is
at 2093 U.S. 29 North, Newnan. Information: 770-253-9898.

OCT. 30

A financial aid meeting will be held at 7 p.m. at McIntosh High School in the
media center.

A representative from the Georgia Student Finance Commission will be there to
offer tips on completing the Free Application for Federal Student Aid form and
to answer questions about college financing.

Sandy Creek High will hold a meeting Dec. 15 at 7 p.m. Fayette County High's
will be Feb. 2.

ONGOING:

Brooks Elementary School is holding a can drive to collect food for the Atlanta
Community Food Bank through Oct. 31. The school is on Price Road. The Lane Co.
and the Atlanta Apartments Associations are sponsors.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution

                              376 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 17, 1993, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

GOVERNORS WILL HAVE HANDS OUT; MONEY WILL BE FOCUS OF TALKS WITH CLINTON

BYLINE: Kathleen Best Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 684 words


The language used by the governors of flood-ravaged states may differ, but their
message to President Bill Clinton at today's meeting here will be the same: Send
more cash.  "There is no getting around that the dominant issue is going to be
money," said Al Grosboll, flood coordinator for Illinois Gov. Jim Edgar.  "In
many, many of the areas that people are going to address, they're going to say
that the amount the president has talked about isn't enough." Clinton, Vice
President Al Gore, Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy and other Cabinet members
will meet this morning with the leaders of nine states, plus dozens of local
officials and members of Congress. They will meet at Fox High School in Arnold
in what is being billed as a national "flood summit." Clinton proposed a $2.5
billion flood aid package at a stop earlier this week in Des Moines, Iowa, to
tour flood damage. But he acknowledged at the time that while that total was
likely to grow, the federal government could not cover all of the economic
losses caused by the floods.  The governors of Missouri, Illinois, Iowa,
Nebraska, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Kansas, South Dakota and North Dakota will lobby
to up the ante in their first face-to-face encounter with Clinton since rivers
across the Midwest started swelling beyond their banks.  Marc Farinella, chief
of staff for Missouri Gov. Mel Carnahan, said the governors want to make sure
Clinton "understands the magnitude of the problem" the states face. But some
state officials privately questioned whether the meeting in Missouri would
provide the right forum to deliver that message.  "They've invited the world,"
said one state official, who requested anonymity. "This thing is going to be a
big dog-and-pony show, and there is some cynicism among some of the other states
I've talked to.  "But," the official added, "it's our best shot. And we'll make
the most of it." Lisa Green, spokeswoman for Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad, said
Branstad would ask Clinton to waive the usual requirement that states and local
governments put up their own money to qualify for federal aid.  Branstad also
will seek additional assistance for farmers whose crops were swept away or
drowned by the floods. Green said federal aid to farmers is capped at an
unreasonably low level that, in effect, will allow farmers to collect only a
quarter of every dollar they lose.  "The governor can't expect to make everyone
in Iowa whole," Green said.  "But I think he's hoping to do what he can to
increase aid." Joe Pendal, deputy press secretary for Minnesota Gov. Arne
Carlson, said Carlson wants the federal government to recognize that losses from
the flood will ripple throughout the economies of affected states.  Pendal said
tourism in Minnesota is off 30 to 50 percent because people have been scared
away by flood scenes. Moreover, he said, the losses Minnesota farmers sustained
soon will start showing up in shops on main street and agriculture-related
businesses as farmers cut back their spending.  "Even though the federal
emergency officials are on the scene, it's important for the governors to tell
their stories firsthand," Pendal said.  Grosboll, the Illinois official, said
Edgar would come armed with specific budget concerns. For example, he said, the
$100 million set aside for transportation aid in Clinton's flood package may not
even be enough to cover Illinois, much less the other eight states affected by
floods.  Illinois has 28 bridges that cross the Mississippi River, only five of
which remained open Friday. All of those bridges will have to be inspected when
the water goes down, many will require repairs and some may have to be replaced.
House Majority Leader Richard A. Gephardt, D-St. Louis County, said Clinton is
likely to discuss the appointment of a White House coordinator to the Midwest.
"I think he'll want to talk about having someone on the ground here . . .  to be
a field commander," Gephardt said. "You have to look at this as kind of a war.
You wouldn't prosecute a war having a lead general in Washington.  You'd want
him out where the war is."

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              377 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          September 14, 2006 Thursday

Good crop year may dampen Utah counties' chances for drought aid

BYLINE: Tribune Staff and Wire Services

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 502 words


Although dry parts of Utah are asking for emergency help, the outlook is
improving for the nation's corn and soybean farmers - and that may dampen the
effort in Congress to spend billions of dollars in drought aid.

Despite withering heat and dryness in some parts of the country, this year's
harvest should be the second-best on record, the Agriculture Department said in
its monthly crop report Tuesday. Anticipating higher yields, analysts boosted
the production forecast by 6 percent for soybeans and 1 percent for corn.

In Utah, Daggett and San Juan are requesting a disaster declaration because of
drought conditions and both Grand and Uintah counties are abnormally dry, said
state agricultural spokesman Larry Lewis. The majority of the state is
experiencing normal conditions.

Higher yields nationwide might sound incredible to farmers and ranchers
suffering from prolonged drought, but significant rains last month helped
relieve drought that has lingered in soybean fields and pastures in the western
Corn Belt and across much of the Plains.

''The effects of the drought seem to have stabilized,'' said Keith Collins,
chief economist for the department.

Nationwide, yields look promising: Soybean yields should average 41.8 bushels an
acre, up 2.2 bushels from last month's forecast, and corn yields should be 154.7
bushels an acre, up 2.5 bushels from the forecast last month.

''Which is a pretty good yield, considering the very difficult weather season
we've had in so many of the western states,'' Collins said.

The rosier outlook should bolster the Bush administration's resistance to a
massive, $6.5 billion drought relief plan in Congress. The White House opposes
the plan because the money would be unfairly distributed, Agriculture Secretary
Mike Johanns said.

''You do not have to suffer any kind of loss to be the beneficiary of the bills
that are being debated,'' Johanns told members of the National Farmers Union
Monday in Washington.

So far, Bush is providing much more modest aid, including $50 million for
livestock producers. In all, the administration has promised nearly $780 million
to drought-stricken farmers; the amount includes $700 million in already-planned
payments that farmers will be getting sooner.

Johanns wants to see how the fall harvest goes before committing to more aid
dollars. But critics argue more aid is needed now.

U.S. crop forecasts

ä SOYBEANS: 3.1 billion bushels, up 165 million bushels from last month's
forecast. Price estimates dropped 10 cents to $4.90 to $5.90 a bushel; last
year's average was $5.68.

ä CORN: 11.1 billion bushels, up 138 million from last month's forecast. Prices
were unchanged at $2.15 to $2.55 a bushel, compared with $1.99 last year.

ä WHEAT: Unchanged, with production at 1.8 billion bushels.

ä TOBACCO: About 15 percent bigger crop this year.

ä PEANUTS: 34 percent smaller crop than last year, the smallest crop in 26
years.

ä COTTON: Down 15 percent from last year's record.

ä RICE: Down 13 percent from last year.

Source: The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              378 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 27, 2007 Tuesday

Salazar says budget bill could help cattlemen

BYLINE: Peter Roper, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 436 words


Feb. 27--Trying to find a way to finance disaster aid for Eastern Plains
ranchers, Rep. John Salazar said lawmakers may try to attach funding to a
supplemental budget bill in Congress to provide funding to the USDA's livestock
compensation program.

Salazar spoke with Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns on Monday and said the
USDA created a disaster program for ranchers in 2002 to help pay for losses
caused by the severe drought that summer. The only problem is the program is
empty of funding, said Salazar, a Democrat who represents Pueblo and the 3rd
Congressional District.

"I asked Secretary Johanns whether he could shift funding into the Livestock
Compensation Program and he said that wasn't likely, given his tight budget,"
Salazar said.

Salazar added that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has indicated the Democratic
leadership will allow lawmakers to attach disaster funds to a Defense Department
supplemental bill that is coming to the House this month.

Whether there are enough votes to support an aid plan for farmers and ranchers
damaged by this winter's blizzards is still unknown, Salazar acknowledged.

New House rules requiring lawmakers to "pay as you go" by finding budget cuts to
pay for extra spending could also pose a challenge.

"I don't want to get anyone's hopes up, but that supplemental bill may be the
fastest route to providing help to the agriculture community that has really
been hit hard by these storms," Salazar said. "I talked to ranchers last week
who said they are losing 30 percent or more of their new calves because the
cattle are so weak."

When the USDA ruled that Eastern Plains counties did not qualify for disaster
aid from the Christmas and New Year's blizzards, it cited a requirement that
farmers and ranchers must demonstrate a 30 percent loss in production.

Livestock has not been part of that estimate in the past, but Johanns told
Salazar he would review the regulations.

"If livestock is included, I don't think there is any question these growers
have suffered more than a 30 percent loss in production," said Salazar, who sits
on the House Agriculture Committee.

One factor in the ranchers' favor is the storms hit several states hard,
including Kansas and Nebraska. There is a bipartisan group of lawmakers who are
pushing for disaster-aid legislation, Salazar said.

Copyright (c) 2007, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070227-PB-0227-Salazar-says-budget-bill-could-help-cattlemen

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2007 The Pueblo Chieftain

                              379 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 29, 1998, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Additional Aid for Farmers Is Rejected in Conference on the Agriculture Bill

BYLINE: By KATHARINE Q. SEELYE

SECTION: Section A; Page 23; Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 536 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 28


Setting up a confrontation with President Clinton, Congressional Republicans
tonight rejected a Democratic request for $3.5 billion in additional emergency
aid to farmers. But they approved millions of dollars for individual
agricultural projects.

Congress had already agreed to provide $4 billion in emergency farm aid for the
next fiscal year. But Mr. Clinton recently joined Democrats in Congress, led by
Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa, in seeking $7.5 billion in response to emergencies
like droughts, floods, disease and the disappearance of foreign markets, all of
which have forced crop prices down and created what Democrats say is a crisis on
the nation's farms.

"We have a terrible emergency out there, and we have to address it, and $4
billion is just woefully inadequate," Mr. Harkin said tonight as House and
Senate negotiators thrashed out their different versions of the agriculture
spending bill.

But Republicans said they could not spend the additional $3.5 billion without
making cuts elsewhere in the Federal budget.

They said the Democrats' move would be an irresponsible busting of a budget
agreement and was an obvious political ploy, coming five weeks before the
Congressional elections.

"This is an interesting exercise in political posturing," said Senator Thad
Cochran, Republican of Mississippi, who said the Administration was suffering
from a "breakdown in leadership."

Even as House and Senate negotiators rejected the additional farm relief, they
quickly added $77 million in special-interest projects sought by individual
members.

Most of that money, $50 million, had been requested by Senator Ted Stevens, the
Alaska Republican who is chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, to
bolster the salmon industry. The remaining $27 million was added for items like
subsidies for mohair, honey and apple growers.

The Administration has threatened to veto the entire agriculture spending bill
if it does not include the extra relief money.

The Administration is also unhappy with a Republican-backed measure attached to
the bill that would bar the Food and Drug Administration from approving
abortion-inducing drugs, like the French abortion pill RU-486.

The negotiators agreed to have this issue settled on the floor later, rather
than in conference.


                             --------------------


House Clears Two Spending Bills

WASHINGTON, Sept. 28 (AP) -- Underlining the haste with which Congress is
beginning to consider spending bills for the 1999 fiscal year, the House acted
with startling speed and a lack of contentiousness today in approving military
spending legislation and a separate energy and water measure.

The $250.5 billion military spending bill has money for anti-missile defenses
and a pay rise for military personnel.

The energy and water legislation would finance projects from coast to coast.

It took lawmakers less than half an hour to debate both bills. The military
measure was approved by a vote of 369 to 43, and the energy bill passed by 389
to 25.

The Senate is expected to approve both measures in coming days, as Congress
races to complete 11 spending measures that it has yet to send President
Clinton.



LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company

                              380 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                           Aids Healthcare Foundation

                              45 Melville Park Rd
                              Melville,  NY 11747
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 323-780-9999
URL: http://www.aidshealth.org/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/AHF.Argentina
http://www.facebook.com/AHF.Europe
http://www.facebook.com/AHF.Peru
http://www.facebook.com/AHFIndia
http://www.facebook.com/AHFNigeria
http://www.facebook.com/AHFRwanda
http://www.facebook.com/AHFUgandaCares
http://www.facebook.com/AIDShealth
http://www.facebook.com/aidshealth.org
http://www.facebook.com/aidshealthcare
http://www.facebook.com/AIDSHealthcareFoundationCambodia
http://www.facebook.com/MexicoAHF
http://www.facebook.com/pages/AHF-Thailand/1548532125417848
http://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157633768427462/with/8870149556/
http://www.youtube.com/aidshealth
http://www.youtube.com/user/aidshealth
https://plus.google.com/+aidshealth/posts
https://twitter.com/AIDSHealthcare
https://twitter.com/MHhealth
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157632415582045/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157638332712085/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157638334669015/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157640933323915/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157640933782045/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157640934275023/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157640934882884/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157640936903333/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157640938890623/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157640976457695/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157640976524455/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157640981242633/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157640986344464/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157641191167374/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157641223031003/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157641223645753/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157641224355384/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157641225101363/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157641327742353/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157644796511523/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157645055018249/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157646365034085/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157646444839785/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/aidshealth/sets/72157650427230238/
https://www.flickr.com/search/
https://www.youtube.com/user/aidshealth

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 11231715

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Large (1001-5000 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  FDA Approved
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Aids Healthcare Foundation is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on
Solutions, Rentals, Testing Services, and 3 other Product & Service categories
tracked by NetWise Data. Aids Healthcare Foundation does business in the
Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automotive Industries, as well as 21 other major
Manufacturing Industries. Aids Healthcare Foundation has at least 26 business
locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "AIDS
Healthcare Foundation HIV/AIDS Testing, Treatment, & Advocacy Healthcare"
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Used Merchandise Stores

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
44814000
SIC CODES:
59320000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Solutions


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Rentals
     ·    Testing Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Bleaches
     ·    Catalysts
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Chlorine
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Dry Ice
     ·    Glass
     ·    Ice
     ·    Indium
     ·    Mercury
     ·    Nucleic Acid


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Buffers


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $100 - 999.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BRANDS REPRESENTED:  Gilead Sciences Inc.


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Acid, Agendas, Alcohol, Apparel, Backgrounds, Banners,
Basketballs, Batons, Billboards, Bleaches, Bowls, Brads, Buffers, Bullets, Burs,
Buses, Capes, Carrels, Catalysts, Chairs, Chemicals, Chests, Chlorine,
Columbium, Compounds, Containers, Control Centers, Cookies, Cord, Crystal, Dance
Floors, Desks, Disposable Gloves, Drinking Glasses, Dry Ice, Feet, Felt,
Forming, Giveaways, Glass, Globes, Governors, Guards, Guides, Gum, Horns, Ice,
Indium, Inhibitors, Intakes, Invitations, Jacks, Jerseys, Lifts, Lights,
Linkages, Mailers, Measures, Mercury, Mobile Clinics, Mobile Units, Nets,
Nucleic Acid, Organizers, Overalls, Panels, Patches, Pharmaceutical,
Pharmaceuticals, Pictures, Pills, Platforms, Posters, Posts, Primers,
Promotional, Radios, Rails, Razors, Registers, Rentals, Rounds, Safety Nets,
Satellites, Scales, Scopes, Sheds, Sheets, Sign Posts, Soap, Solutions,
Speakers, Suits, Swabs, Syringes, T-Shirts, Tables, Targets, Terminations, Test
Kits, Testers, Testing Services, Trade Associations, Transmissions, Tumblers,
Vans, Wire, X-Ray

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              381 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           November 15, 2011 Tuesday

new england in brief

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1169 words


Tuesday November 15, 2011

Funding caps lifted on federal disaster aid

MONTPELIER (AP) -- The big question about post-Irene federal disaster aid for
Vermont has been answered in the state's favor.

Sen. Patrick Leahy on Monday announced that a House-Senate conference committee
on Capitol Hill had agreed to a new federal highway funding package that lifts
funding caps for disaster relief that had had Vermont officials very worried.

Gov. Peter Shumlin says he's elated, and is heaping praise on Leahy, Sen. Bernie
Sanders and Rep. Peter Welch for their work in securing the funding.

The state has been estimating up to $250 million in repair costs for federal-aid
-eligible roads and bridges. Officials were worried about a $100 million-per-
state cap on disaster funding from the federal highway administration. The
provision approved Monday lifts that cap.

Vt. AG looking at open meeting law complaint

BENNINGTON (AP) -- The state Attorney General's office is investigating a
complaint against six southwest Vermont school boards regarding their compliance
with the state's Open Meeting Law.

The boards and Southwest Vermont Supervisory Union Superintendent Catherine
McClure denied wrongdoing at the Oct 28 meeting at Mount Anthony Union Middle
School.

The only item for discussion was updating the boards on teacher negotiations.
The complaint alleges the boards did not allow the public into the meeting room
prior to the executive session, didn't give time for the public to speak, and
the location of the meeting was moved without advanced warning.

The letter does not state who made the complaint.

Teachers who went on strike for nine days overwhelmingly ratified a new
three-year labor contract last week.

Parts of Vt., N.H., Maine designated disaster areas

CONCORD, N.H. (AP) -- Farms parts of New Hampshire, Vermont and Maine are
eligible for low-interest loans to cover losses from flooding, hail and heavy
rains, including Tropical Storm, that started on May 1.

The United States Department of Agriculture designated eight counties in New
Hampshire, five in Vermont and two in Maine as natural disaster areas on Nov. 9.

The designation means the qualified farmers in those counties are eligible for
low emergency loans from United State Department of Agriculture's Farm Service
Agency.

The areas covered are Belknap, Coos, Hillsborough, Strafford, Carroll, Grafton,
Rockingham and Sullivan counties in New Hampshire and Caledonia, Essex, Orange,
Windham and Windsor counties in Vermont. Qualified farmers in Oxford and York
counties also are eligible.

Economists to discuss New England forecasts

MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) -- Economists from around New England will present their
forecasts for the region at a conference in Manchester, N.H.

The New England Economic Partnership is sponsoring the Fall Economic Outlook
Conference on Friday. University of New Hampshire Professor Ross Gittell and
economist Dennis Delay of the New Hampshire Center for Public Policy Studies are
among the presenters.

Mark Zandi, the chief economist for Moody's Analytics, will discuss the outlook
for the nation.

Seabrook plant to conduct siren test

SEABROOK, N.H. (AP) -- The Seabrook Station nuclear power plant and the states
of New Hampshire and Massachusetts will be conducting a test of 121 public alert
sirens within a 10-mile area around the plant known as the Emergency Planning
Zone.

The siren demonstration scheduled for Wednesday is intended to increase public
awareness of what the sirens sound like and what to do if they should be used in
a real emergency. The sirens will be sounded at 12:30 p.m. with a steady tone
for three to five minutes.

No public action is needed.

50 laid off by N.H.'s Dartmouth-Hitchcock

LEBANON, N.H. (AP) -- About 50 Dartmouth-Hitchcock employees have lost their
jobs as the health system works to close a $100 million budget deficit.

Dartmouth-Hitchcock CEO James Weinstein said earlier this month that up to 100
positions would be eliminated over the next two months. The layoffs started
Monday, with about 50 workers, none of whom are directly connected to patient
care.

Dartmouth-Hitchcock has 8,500 employees. More than three-quarters of them work
at Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center in Lebanon, and the rest are located
primarily at larger clinics in Manchester, Concord, Nashua and Keene.

Weinstein says some of the terminated workers might be eligible to fill other
vacant positions.

Several other hospitals also have announced layoffs since the state budget took
effect July 1, and at least one has cut services to needy patients.

Aids Memorial Quilt squares coming to Keene

CONCORD, N.H. (AP) -- Portions of the mammoth Aids Memorial Quilt will be
arriving in Keene to commemorate World Aids Day Dec. 1.

AIDS Services for the Monadnock Region will bring 10 12-foot-square panels of
the quilt to the city.

Making of the quilt began in San Francisco in 1987 to serve as a memorial to
those who had died of AIDS.

When first displayed on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. later that year,
it was larger than a football field and drew half a million visitors. By 1996 it
had grown to cover the entire National Mall.

If assembled today as one quilt, it would weigh 56 tons and measure 56 miles if
all panels were laid end-to-end.

N.H.governor will veto video slots bills

CONCORD, N.H. (AP) -- Hoping to squelch efforts to expand gambling, Gov. John
Lynch is promising to veto bills that would legalize video slots in New
Hampshire.

Lynch told Republican legislative leaders Monday that the state does not have an
adequate regulatory structure in place. He also reiterated past concerns about
New Hampshire's qualify of life being affected and of the potential for
proliferation.

The House appears ready to abandon its longstanding opposition to casinos. A
committee is recommending legalizing two casinos equipped with video slots and
using some of the state's profits to reduce business taxes.

A Senate committee last week indicated it wants to keep its options open on
legalizing four casinos with a maximum of 10,000 video slot machines. The Senate
bill does not earmark profits to cut taxes.

Warren unveils 1st ad for senate campaign

BOSTON (AP) -- Massachusetts U.S. Senate candidate Elizabeth Warren is launching
her first television ad of the campaign.

The 60-second ad describes how she got married when she was 19, had two kids and
worked her way through college before attending law school.

The ad, set to begin airing Tuesday, describes Warren's efforts to create the
federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.

In the ad, Warren also says she's worked to expose how Wall Street and big banks
are crushing middle class families.

Last week a political action committee associated with former President George
W. Bush's longtime political director Karl Rove began running a 30-second
television ad targeting Warren by linking her to Occupy Wall Street protesters.

Warren's campaign said it's already raised $300,000 to counter the $600,000
estimated to be spent by the Rove-affiliated group on the anti-Warren ad.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              382 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                    September 18, 2003 Thursday CITY EDITION

MINNESOTA STORM MAY BOOST LOCAL DROUGHT AID

BYLINE: TOM WEBBWashington Correspondent

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 559 words


WASHINGTON -- Strange as it sounds, Hurricane Isabel may be the disaster that
helps rural Minnesota.

Minnesota lawmakers have been urging Congress to send drought aid to Minnesota
farmers. So far, they haven't gotten very far, mostly because the drought hasn't
affected enough of America to stir the full U.S. Congress into action.

But a hurricane-size calamity is likely to change all that. Once East Coast
lawmakers start seeking emergency help, watch for farm-state interests to offer
to help -- provided that Congress remembers drought victims, too.

"With the size of the hurricane they're predicting out there, the damage is
going to be substantial," said Tom Buis of the National Farmers Union.

"And usually, when you have disasters around the country, sometimes they all get
lumped together. You don't want other people to have to suffer. But it might
make it easier to get the attention of Congress."

That's a common pattern for congressional disaster aid. An aid package may
include money for drought-stricken farmers, hurricane victims and flooded
residents. For legislators, the trick is to assemble a big enough coalition to
convince the full Congress to spend the billions of dollars sought.

Until this week, Barry Flinchbaugh, a farm policy specialist at Kansas State
University, thought it would be "extremely tough" for Midwestern farmers to win
disaster aid from Congress this year, simply because "the drought's not as
widespread as last year, and it's primarily (hurting) Minnesota, northern Iowa
and the Plains states."

But then came Hurricane Isabel, which threatens a large chunk of the East Coast
with serious damage.

"The hurricane, assuming it's as devastating as some are predicting, will bring
widespread support for disaster relief across the board," Flinchbaugh said.
"You're not going to give disaster relief to the South for the hurricane, and
ignore the farmers in the Plains."

Minnesota farmers have so far suffered $1.1 billion in crop losses due to the
summer drought, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service
Agency. Both U.S. Sen. Norm Coleman, R-Minn., and U.S. Sen. Mark Dayton,
D-Minn., have endorsed drought-aid packages, although they vary somewhat.

Dayton's plan, introduced Wednesday, would provide somewhat more generous
assistance, covering crop losses greater than 20 percent rather than the typical
35 percent. On Wednesday Dayton was seeking a Republican co-sponsor from outside
of Minnesota, mindful that a disaster has to be of sufficient size to stir
Congress.

"It's not going to be sufficient to have Minnesota by itself," Dayton said.
"We'll have to develop broad enough support in other states."

Last week, Coleman signed on to a drought-aid package sponsored by two Democrats
from Arkansas. He said he hoped the rain would return and crop insurance would
cover the losses. But if not, "if this falls short, the bipartisan bill I am
cosponsoring today would help," Coleman said.

In Minnesota, 62 of the state's 87 counties have been certified by the USDA as
having drought-related crop losses of at least 30 percent. That may not have
been enough to win congressional action, Flinchbaugh said. But, he added, "That
hurricane could be the big push for us in disaster relief."

Tom Webb can be reached at twebb@krwashington.com or 202-383-6049.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              383 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                              May 20, 2013, Monday

Business briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P6A

LENGTH: 718 words


Frontier expands Kanawha broadband

Frontier Communications announced it has expanded broadband access to hundreds
of homes and businesses in the Kanawha Valley.

The company said landline broadband service is now available in the Amma Road,
Charleston Road and Cottontree Road areas of Clendenin; the Fisher Ridge Road,
Washington Drive, Sugar Creek Drive, and along Kanawha County 21 from Sugar
Creek to Falcon Drive in Sissonville; the Eskdale and Gallagher areas of East
Bank; in St. Albans along Riverbend Boulevard; and in the Liberty area along the
Kanawha-Putnam county line.

"Frontier has invested in expanding and strengthening its network across West
Virginia, and additional residents and businesses in the Kanawha Valley now have
access to our leading-edge broadband service," said Frontier general manager
Ryan Bailey.

Since the company took over Verizon's landline operations in July 2010, Frontier
has added broadband service to more than 158,000 West Virginia households.

The company said its investments in broadband have increased high-speed internet
access from 62 percent in 2010 to more than 86 percent of its service area in
the state.

Farmers to get $700,000 in Sandy aid

West Virginia farmers in 11 counties stand to receive up to $700,000 in federal
aid for lingering cleanup from Superstorm Sandy.

State Agriculture Commissioner Walt Helmick announced that West Virginia was
among 12 states eligible for up to $209 million in federal funding to help
farmers, landowners and communities recover from the storm.

"The general public doesn't always see the damage that natural disasters do to
rural agriculture and forestry operations in West Virginia," Helmick said.

"But these industries are vital to our state, and I'm pleased that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture is providing funding to help our farmers recover from
this historic disaster."

The state aid will be administered through the federal Farm Service Agency
Emergency Conservation Program.

State FSA director Alfred Lewis said agency officials have been collecting data
from counties to determine the type and extent of damage. Most of the funding
will be used to remove tree debris from farmland and fence lines.

Eligible for assistance are landowners in Preston, Randolph, Tucker, Barbour,
Braxton, Clay, Nicholas, Webster, Lewis, Upshur and Boone counties.

The agency already has received more than 100 applications for individual
assistance. The deadline to apply is May 31.

For more information, visit www.lrftool.sc.egov.usda.gov.

Federal employees meet in Barboursville

National Active and Retired Federal Employees Association will have its 48th
annual Convention today through Thursday at the Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites in
Barboursville.

William F. Martin, Region X vice president of the association, will share what
is being done to protect rights and benefits of its members. He also will speak
on how the association is implementing its 2013 Membership Marketing Strategy
Plan.

Federal employees and retirees from chapters throughout the state will be in
attendance.

For more information, visit www.narfe.org or contact Wayne Mitchell at
304-487-9335 or wmitchel2002@yahoo.com

Frontier plans ceremony for fallen soldiers

Frontier Communications plans to hold a special ceremony Wednesday morning to
honor veterans and those who lost their lives in service to the nation.

The company is inviting the public to attend the ceremony, which begins at 11
a.m. in front of its offices at 1500 MacCorkle Avenue in Charleston.

Frontier employees, including those who served in the military, will join local
and company officials to honor veterans during the event. During the ceremony,
Frontier will install an Honor and Remember Flag as a lasting acknowledgement of
the price that military veterans have paid to secure the nation's freedom.

"Frontier has a strong commitment to members of the military," said Dana Waldo,
Frontier senior vice president and West Virginia general manager. "Our military
men and women were there for us. It's our turn to be here for them."

In 2006, Frontier chief executive Maggie Wilderotter established a veteran
hiring program at the company to provide employment opportunities to returning
members of the armed services.

Military veterans now make up 11 percent of Frontier's total work force.

COMPILED BY JARED HUNT

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers

                              384 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              July 13, 2012 Friday

Parts of 26 states disaster areas;
Ag Department declaration doesn't include Ohio.;
WEATHER

BYLINE: ByAlan Bjerga and Elizabeth Campbell

SECTION: WEATHER; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 409 words


WASHINGTON - State leaders welcomed a pledge of U.S. aid for the worst drought
in decades, even as the assistance paled in comparison to potential losses and a
forecaster said weather conditions may not improve in some areas until
September.

The Agriculture Department on Wednesday named 1,016 counties in 26 states
natural-disaster areas, the agency's biggest such declaration ever. Substantial
rains that would relieve the worst-hit areas may not arrive for months, said
Mike Pigott, meteorologist at Accuweather Inc.

The declaration covers counties in the following states: California, Oregon,
Nevada, Utah, Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado, Nebraska, Wyoming, Kansas,
Oklahoma, Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Illinois,
Indiana, Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia, South Carolina, Florida, Delaware and
Hawaii.

Central Illinois, Indiana and Ohio are expected to remain under severe drought,
which may worsen as July continues. Parts of Arkansas, Missouri and southern
Illinois have been "substantially affected," he said.

The drought, which may be the worst since a 1988 dry spell that caused $78
billion in damage, is "beginning to have an impact on the corn crop in parts of
the Midwest," Pigott, whose company is based in State College, Penn., said. "The
building heat and humidity could affect maturity and eventual production." Corn
and soybeans are the two biggest U.S. crops.

"When you are one of the biggest agricultural-producing states in the nation, a
monumental drought causes enormous losses," said Bryan Black, a spokesman for
the Texas Agriculture Department. "The disaster-relief assistance from USDA will
help Texas farmers and ranchers recover from devastating losses."

The federal action makes farmers and ranchers eligible for low-interest loans to
help weather the drought, wildfires and other disasters. The projected cost to
the federal government is about $4 million as loans are ultimately repaid,
according to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. Still, with a budget-cutting
farm-policy bill going through Congress and prospects for other disaster aid
slim, officials say the low-cost loans and reduced penalties for grazing
livestock on land set aside for conservation announced Wednesday are better than
nothing.

Moderate to extreme drought now covers about 53 percent of the Mid-west, fueling
price gains that are the biggest this year among the 24 commodities tracked by
the Standard & Poor's GSCI Spot Index.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.

                              385 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 11, 2016 Monday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri)
Issues Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S.
International Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 353  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAG-S-16-0051

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: July 11, 2016

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-16-0051 (2000004155)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after July 6, 2016, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near July 13, 2016.



To be eligible to submit offers, potential contractors must meet KCCO's vendor
qualification requirements established in accordance with FAR Subpart 9.2.
Details of these requirements and contact information are available online at:
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=home&subject=coop&topic=pas-vr. KCCO's
main contact for vendor qualification requirements is Betty Kunkel who can be
reached by phone at 816-926-3295 or by email at Betty.Kunkel@kcc.usda.gov

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              386 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            December 5, 2006 Tuesday

Senator to block farm aid bill

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 437 words


OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - A bill that would help drought-stricken farmers in Oklahoma
and other states may not get a chance to be considered if Sen. Tom Coburn is
successful in blocking it.

Coburn has said he plans to stop an attempt to approve $4.5 billion in
agriculture disaster aid because he believes it is too large and would cover too
many producers.

Supporters of the aid package haven't show how it will be paid for and they
should have targeted those who weren't able to plant a crop, not for crop losses
that could have been covered by federally subsidized insurance, Coburn, R-Okla.
said.

"If we're going to do relief for the farmers, we can't say, 'We'll take care of
you and give the bill to your grandkids,'" Coburn told the Oklahoman's
Washington bureau.

Sen. Kent Conrad, D-N.D., pared his aid request to about $4.5 billion. Conrad is
expected to offer his proposal as an amendment to the annual agriculture
appropriations bill.

Coburn said he will try to block Conrad's package on a procedural move. If that
doesn't work, he'll try to cut other parts of the bill.

Conrad has said his bill is intended to cover two years of flooding, drought and
fires that ravaged crops in several states.

"This is not some outsized disaster assistance legislation; it is bare bones.
... We are down to $4.5 billion, as we have taken out things the White House
said they would object to," he said. "We took out the energy provisions, for a
savings of $1.8 billion. We stripped out some of the support for small
businesses for a savings of $215 million."

Conrad said bankers in his state have warned that if farmers and ranchers aren't
helped, 5 to 10 percent of them could go out of business.

In the House, Rep. Frank Lucas, R-Okla., is supporting a $3.3 billion aid
package, which he said could mean the difference for producers who lost crops in
2005 and this year.

"In my home county (Roger Mills), the wheat crop was a total failure," Lucas
said. Though the aid could be months after the losses were incurred, Lucas said
that's not necessarily unusual for federal disaster aid and still could
determine whether some producers survive.

"It never becomes irrelevant" whether they get the aid, he said, since the
losses can affect their long-term viability.

Coburn said he didn't know how much of a disaster package he would support, and
he is having staff members analyze losses and various factors involved,
including crop insurance coverage.

"Why have a crop insurance program if you're not going to require them to buy
it?" he asked. "Those that couldn't plant, we ought to help them, and we can
help them. But we have to pay for it."

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              387 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                               September 7, 2003

World's poor the losers as Cancun talks head for deadlock on farm subsidies

BYLINE: Lukanyo Mnyanda

SECTION: Economy, Business & Finance; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 730 words


SPREADING THE WORD: Filipino anti-globalisation demonstrators stage a torch
parade rally in Manila this week ahead of

the World Trade Organisation summit in Cancun, Mexico, beginning on Wednesday

World's poor the losers as Cancun talks head for deadlock on farm subsidies

New World Bank report makes the case for doing away with agricultural
protection, writes

Negotiations should revive the global economy and reduce poverty

THE widely anticipated failure of this week's global trade talks in Cancun,
Mexico, would represent a tragic lost opportunity for the world's poor.

In a new report, the World Bank says that liberalisation in agriculture alone
could benefit the global economy to the tune of $ 350-billion. Further, it says
that an appropriate deal addressing the concerns of developing nations could
spur global growth and reduce poverty for as many as

144-million people by 2015.

The report, Global Economic Prospects 2004: Realizing the Development Promise of
the Doha Agenda, comes on the eve of the meeting of world trade ministers in
Cancun, Mexico, which begins on Wednesday.

The meeting was supposed to review the progress being made following World Trade
Organisation (WTO) negotiations on the Doha Development Agenda. But the talks
have stalled on issues important to developing countries, including agricultural
reform, tariff reduction on manufactured products and special treatment for
developing countries.

Uri Dadush, the bank's trade department director, said successful negotiations
in Cancun were crucial to reviving the global economy and reducing poverty.

"If ministers can reach an agreement to reduce trade barriers affecting the
products that poor people produce - especially farm products and
labour-intensive manufacturing - it would help raise their standard of living.
If not, an opportunity will be lost. "

But the talks are expected to end in failure like the previous round in Seattle
in 1999, which was disrupted by violent

anti-globalisation protests.

Agriculture is expected to be the most divisive issue and developed countries
are expected to refuse to reform

and open up their agricultural markets to developing country farmers.

President Thabo Mbeki said this week he feared the Cancun talks would end in
failure, mainly due to the lack of a beneficial agreement on agriculture. Trade
and Industry Minister Alec Erwin will lead the SA delegation to the talks.

Disagreements over agriculture overshadowed a key agreement on legal changes to
make it easier for poorer countries to import cheaper generics to deal with
public health crises such as HIV/Aids.

The World Bank report said the global trading system was characterised by
inequities that drag down export growth in developing countries. "In agriculture
, for example, Japanese support to rice producers amounts to 700% of production
cost, which effectively shuts out exports from Thailand and other producers."

It said the European Union was spending around

$ 100-billion a year on direct budget subsidies to producers, depressing world
market prices in sugar, dairy and wheat.

One of the biggest culprits was the US, which spent

$ 50-billion annually on direct support to its agriculture sector alone. Its
annual cotton

subsidy expenditure of

$ 3-billion was three times its foreign aid to Africa.

The Bank said liberalisation would shift agricultural production from the
so-called North to developing countries, and boost world prices for many
commodities. For example, the price of rice in world markets would rise by as
much as 90%, while those for cotton, dairy products, groundnuts and sugar would
rise by 10%-40%.

Cutting protection and agricultural subsidies, which go mostly to large farmers,
would also benefit consumers in the developed world.

The Bank estimates that measures to protect large farmers cost the average
family in Japan, US and the EU about $ 1 000 a year.

The report concluded that a "good" WTO agreement could produce between $
290-billion and $ 520-billion in income gains for both rich and poor countries.

World Bank Chief Economist Nicholas Stern called on the rich countries to take
the lead in negotiating a fair outcome to the Cancun negotiations.

"They are the dominant players and account for

two-thirds of the global market," he says.



LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                       Copyright 2003 Times Media Limited

                              388 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           December 7, 2006 Thursday
                                  City Edition

LEGISLATURE ;
Farm aid proposed

BYLINE: Michael McNutt, Capitol Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; CAPITOL BRIEFS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 234 words


State leaders should prepare a relief package for farmers and ranchers because
Congress failed to pass a nearly $4.5 billion agriculture disaster relief
package, three state legislators said Wednesday.

"Oklahoma livestock producers and farmers are currently facing dire conditions
brought on by one of the worst drought periods in state history," said Sen. Jeff
Rabon, D-Hugo.

In September, the state got word of about $6.5 million from the U.S. Agriculture
Department to be distributed to livestock producers. Oklahoma farmers, however,
could be left with nothing if no federal aid is approved, he said.

With Oklahoma farmers in the second year of a devastating drought cycle, quick
action is necessary, he said.

State Sen. Earl Garrison, D-Muskogee, and state Rep. Terry Hyman, D-Leon, agreed
with Rabon.

Hyman said even if aid is eventually approved, it could take more than a year
before farmers receive funds.

GOVERNOR

School to get 500 books

Oklahoma first lady Kim Henry is giving 500 books to an Oklahoma City elementary
school participating in a reading event Friday.

Southern Hills Elementary, 7800 S Kentucky Ave., is one of more than 150 state
schools in the eighth annual read-a-thon.

Scholastic, a children's publishing, education and media company, provided the
books and created the read-a-thon. The event encourages students to read Friday
for at least 2,007 seconds, or about 33 minutes.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              389 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 27, 2016 Sunday

ON CAMPUS

SECTION: E; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 406 words


Two on dean's list

Kelsey Kramer, Bismarck, and

Erin Rector, Mandan, have been named to the Mayville State University fall
semester 2015 dean's list.

To be on the dean's list, a student must attain a grade-point average of 3.5 or
higher and successfully complete a minimum of 12 graded credit hours.

Gereszek 'shadows'

Six seniors from Minnesota State University Moorhead are working with Forum
Communications Co. professionals in a semester-long apprenticeship program. The
students shadow professionals as well as produce digital content and blogs for
the Forum.

Area student and her major is

Josie Gereszek, Bismarck, multimedia journalism.

The Marcil Center nurtures and develops future journalists as they study media
and innovative communication strategies.

Two on Creighton list

Catherine Bopp and

Mary Roller, both of Bismarck, were named to the fall dean's list for the
2015-16 academic year at Creighton University in Omaha, Neb.

Full-time students who earn a 3.5 grade-point average or better on a 4.0 scale
are eligible for the dean's list.

Miles scholarships

Miles Community College, Miles City, Mont., recently received an $8,000 donation
from Northwest Farm Credit Services/CoBank to be used toward scholarships for
freshmen and sophomore students enrolled in any of MCC's agriculture programs.
The scholarships will be awarded as four $2,000 scholarships for the 2016-17
academic year.

Incoming, full-time freshmen or sophomores who have a minimum 3.0 grade-point
average and are majoring in one of MCC's agriculture degrees are eligible to
apply for the scholarships. Interested students should complete the MCC
Scholarship Application form found at
www.milescc.edu/CampusServices/FinancialAid/scholarships.htm and submit it to
the Financial Aid Office by April 15. For questions about the scholarship,
contact the Financial Aid Office at 406-874-6208.

Coleman achieves

Bismarck resident

Charles Coleman made the academic dean's list at Azusa Pacific University in
Azusa, Calif. Coleman, an applied health major, is honored for a fall semester
2015 academic standing of a 3.5 or better grade-point average.

Wolfe earns award

Abby Wolfe, a sociology undeclared major in the Colgate University class of
2019, has earned the dean's award for academic excellence for the fall 2015
semester. The dean's award for academic excellence is awarded to students with a
3.30 or higher term average.

Wolfe, of Bismarck, is a graduate of Century High School.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              390 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 21, 1992, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

AID TO EX-SOVIETS IS BEING HINDERED

BYLINE: By KEITH BRADSHER,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 9; Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 621 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 20


Two months after Agriculture Secretary Edward R. Madigan announced a $165
million program to send free American food to what was then the Soviet Union, no
food has been delivered and only one contract, worth $15 million, has been
awarded.

And that contract, providing for deliveries of mostly butter to Armenia, will
not be carried out until Feb. 20 because shipping companies refused to lease
refrigerated air-freight containers for fear they would be stolen, said the Rev.
Yeznig Balian, who is supervising the delivery for the Diocese of the Armenian
Church of America, which is based in New York.

As diplomats from four dozen nations and seven multilateral institutions prepare
for meetings in Washington on Wednesday and Thursday to coordinate assistance to
the former Soviet republics, aid programs remain bogged down by Western red tape
and Soviet corruption.

Theft There, Ultracaution Here

The disappearance of German food parcels from St. Petersburg docks, the
availability of Dutch ground meat on the Russian black market and the rejection
of free British beef by Moscow authorities with possible links to hoarders have
made headlines in the West.

The invisible twin of the problem there is caution verging on paralysis among
Western aid officials, who lack the staff to supervise large-scale deliveries
and find private voluntary organizations overwhelmed by the task.

The result is that while many Western and Russian experts warn that shortages
could provoke the overthrow of the democratic governments in the former Soviet
republics, any major Western assistance organized at the conference is unlikely
to arrive soon.

Frustration is also causing American and German officials to speak seriously of
sending humanitarian supplies with forces from the North Atlantic Treaty
Organization, which will be represented at the conference.

Pace Is Slowing, Not Quickening

The European Community has delivered barely half of the $300 million in food
grants it pledged 13 months ago, said a senior community official who insisted
on anonymity. None of the $600 million in food credits announced then has been
disbursed and almost none of a recent $250 million package of grants, he added.

Japan has pledged $600 million in aid and credits but has only just begun
deliveries after several months of worrying about who would repay the loans.

When Mr. Madigan announced the $165 million in food grants along with $1.25
billion in food credits on Nov. 18, the Agriculture Department had already been
negotiating for a month or more with nonprofit groups.

But the need to insure that these groups have realistic distribution plans,
guarding against spoilage and corruption, has kept a half-dozen contracts from
receiving final approval, said Roger D. Runningen, a spokesman for the
department.

A Warning from the Embassy

The delays have produced irritation at the highest levels of the American
Embassy in Moscow, Administration officials said.

The embassy has repeatedly warned the State Department that food must be shipped
more quickly, and is considering a plan to begin selling some food to Russian
officials to reduce the embarrassment of giving food away and then having it
show up in markets anyway, the officials said.

The food delivery issues will be taken up by a special committee at the
conference this week, led by Canada, Britain and Germany.

And for those who want to flee the uncertainties of the new economics in the new
republics, Foreign Minister Guido di Tella of Argentina said in an interview
published today that his country would be willing to accept up to 100,000
immigrants from the Russian minorities in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, Reuters
reported.


LOAD-DATE: January 21, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: January 23, 1992, Thursday

CORRECTION:

An article on Tuesday about food aid to the former Soviet republics omitted an
American contract, because of incorrect information provided by the Agriculture
Department. The department awarded a $1.2 million contract last week to the
Brother's Brother Foundation in Pittsburgh.


                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company

                              391 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             August 23, 1996 Friday

LENGTH: 153 words


Applications for financial aid for the 1996-97 school term are being taken by
the North Dakota Grain Dealers Educational Foundation. Ten awards of at least
$500 per person are planned. Students must be enrolled in one of a number of
higher education curriculums. These include agribusiness sales and service,
agribusiness management or agriculture transfer at Bismarck State College,
University of North Dakota-Lake Region in Devils Lake, North Dakota State
College of Science in Whapeton, Dickinson State University, UND-Williston or
Minot State-Bottineau. It also includes agriculture economics, agriculural
systems management, crop and weed science, soil science and food science at the
College of Agriculture, North Dakota State University in Fargo. Scholarship
deadline is Sept. 30. Applications can be obtained by writing the Foundation
office at 212 Black Building, Fargo, N.D. 58102 or by calling 701-235-4184.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1996 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              392 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                              First Aid Only, Inc.

                               11101 NE 37th Cir
                              Vancouver,  WA 98682
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 202-693-1999
URL: http://www.firstaidonly.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 500108

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
First Aid Only, Inc. is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on First Aid,
First Aid Kits, Solutions, First Aid Cabinets, First Aid Supplies, and 7 other
Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. First Aid Only, Inc. does
business in the Agriculture, Automotive, and Biomedical Industries, as well as
19 other major Manufacturing Industries. The company describes itself via it's
website thusly: "First Aid only produces sports first aid kits, industrial first
aid kits, prepper kits, and red cross first aid kits"
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Consumer Goods

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
33911300
SIC CODES:
38420000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Solutions
     ·    First Aid Cabinets
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Nylon Pouches


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Computers
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Aerosols
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Gases
     ·    Gels
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Peroxide
     ·    Ice
     ·    Isopropyl Alcohol
     ·    Nickel
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyester
     ·    Rubbing Alcohol


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Aerosols, Alcohol, Ammonium, Antacids, Antibiotics,
Antimicrobials, Antiseptics, Applicators, Aspirin, Backpacks, Basketballs,
Blisters, Boats, Buttons, Calendars, Chemicals, Cleansers, Containers, Desks,
Earplugs, Electricity, Face Masks, Face Shields, Filters, Fire Blankets, First
Aid, First Aid Cabinets, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Flashlights,
Footballs, Games, Garages, Gases, Gels, Guards, Guides, Hearing Protection,
Hydrogen, Hydrogen Peroxide, Ice, Inflatables, Isopropyl Alcohol, Keychains,
Lights, Lubricants, Masks, Mineral Oils, Mounting Brackets, Mountings, Nickel,
Nitriles, Nylon, Nylon Bags, Nylon Pouches, Ointments, Oxygen, Packaging,
Panels, Patches, Pins, Plastic Cases, Plastic Containers, Plastics, Polyester,
Rubbing Alcohol, Safety Pins, Sheets, Sockets, Solutions, Sprays, Sunscreens,
Tablets, Telephones, Tongue Depressors, Towelettes, Vans, Volleyballs, Yellows,
Zippers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              393 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                           January 15, 2002, Tuesday

COMMON SENSE / Hampstead native ready to brave heat of diplomacy

BYLINE: Cantwell

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 586 words


A Hampstead native has become the new ambassador to the Central African
Republic.

Mattie Sharpless says it's not too hot there now, but she figures it will be in
a couple of months.

Since 1965, Ms. Sharpless has been working in foreign agricultural trade
relations. She plans to tap that expertise in helping the landlocked nation
develop its economy and battle the spread of AIDS.

Ms. Sharpless was appointed by the Bush administration and sworn in by
Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman in Washington on Oct. 23. She presented her
credentials in Bangui, the capital city, on Dec. 14, and has settled into the
ambassador's residence.

She is the daughter of Lecola Sharpless and the late James Sharpless of
Hampstead. She graduated from Pender County Training High School in Rocky Point
and received a master's degree in business administration and economics from
N.C. Central University in Durham.

She has participated in trade talks in Switzerland and worked in U.S. offices in
Paris, Rome and Brussels, Belgium. Before the ambassadorial appointment, she was
acting administrator of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Foreign
Agricultural Service.

I spoke with her last week. She's comfortable and feels safe in Bangui.

But it's a tough assignment.

The Central African Republic has seen factional fighting since mutinies in the
1990s. This month, the Security Council of the United Nations expressed concern
over the situation there.

"The United States is calling for reconciliation of various political entities,"
Ms. Sharpless said.

The violence has discouraged American companies from investing in the CAR.

"Because of those mutinies and continued political unrest, companies have
decided to sit back and see what the situation is going to be," she said. But
one U.S. company is exploring the possibility of drilling for oil there.

The World Wildlife Fund and other organizations are looking at the issues of
reforestation, replanting areas that have been denuded of trees. But it's not
easy to even examine the problem.

"The difficulty is getting to those areas," Ms. Sharpless said. "The roads are
not the best, and we don't always have airports to go where we want to go.

"It takes time to get to outlying areas."

The Central African Republic is slightly smaller than Texas, and it lies in
almost the exact center of Africa.

As in much of Africa, AIDS poses a serious threat. In 1999, nearly 14 percent of
the adults had HIV, the virus that causes AIDS.

"What's even more devastating is that the educated population - the teachers and
professors - are the hardest hit," Ms. Sharpless said. She speculates that's
because they are more prosperous and thus more mobile.

Life expectancy at birth is 44 years, according to the CIA's World Fact Book,
compared with 77 years in the United States.

She said government officials are hoping for U.S. help on educating the
children.

The U.S. Embassy is home to the Martin Luther King Cultural Center, which
teaches English and computer skills to people living in the capital.

I asked her how she's getting along.

"It's a very nice residence," she said. "I'm surprised to have electricity
almost everywhere I go."

"I find the weather much cooler than I had anticipated," she said. "I thought it
would be stifling and humid. I'm told in the next month or two I will see that."

"Common Sense" appears Tuesdays, Thursdays, Fridays and Sundays. Contact Si
Cantwell at 343-2364 or si.cantwellwilmingtonstar.com


LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sharpless (mug shot)

                   Copyright 2002 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.

                              394 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              July 31, 1998 Friday
                                 Early Edition

US wheat gift a ploy, Fischer warns

BYLINE: BRENDAN NICHOLSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 608 words


CANBERRA

The United States was using a massive donation of wheat to Indonesia to move in
on one of Australia's major wheat customers, the Deputy Prime Minister, Mr Tim
Fischer, said yesterday.

Mr Fischer, who is also Trade Minister, said he accepted the need for
humanitarian aid, but questioned the motives behind the huge US donation.

He said he felt concern about the size of the donation and the fact it was going
to a traditional Australian market.

On the eve of today's AUSMIN (Australian-US Ministerial) talks, Mr Fischer said
the US move was as much about market penetration as it was about humanitarian
aid.

He quoted from a briefing given on 18 July by the US Secretary of Agriculture,
Mr Dan Glickman, about President Bill Clinton's donation of 2.5 million tonnes
of wheat to the world.

Mr Glickman said the new program was a bold initiative to respond directly to
one of the primary weaknesses in the farm economy of the US.

"Starting next week, USDA (US Department of Agriculture) will begin buying wheat
that will then be used for foreign food donations, opening new export channels
for American farmers."

Mr Fischer said he accepted the need for granting humanitarian aid.

"But it is the quantum, the massive size, the direction towards an Australian
traditional market and, on top of that, the objective of opening new export
channels which causes me great concern as Australia's Minister for Trade. I will
stand up for Australian farmers in respect of this," he said.

Mr Fischer's anger over the wheat export issue ensures the matter will be a
major issue at the AUSMIN talks.

But the US Secretary of State, Dr Madeleine Albright, referred only in passing
to the row when she addressed the Asia Society in Sydney yesterday.

"Obviously, we don't always see eye to eye," she told an audience that included
the Foreign Minister, Mr Alexander Downer, and many senior politicians,
diplomats and business leaders.

"In some economic sectors we are competitors as well as partners," Dr Albright
said.

Mr Fischer said Indonesia was an important and growing market involving about
three million tonnes of wheat a year.

As Australia's second-biggest wheat export destination, Indonesia bought about
$600 million worth of Australian wheat last year.

"It is a very significant market for Australia," Mr Fischer said.

He suggested that half a million tonnes of the free US wheat might go to
Indonesia, which "will distort our market".

Australia wanted the US to stick to President Clinton's commitment not to
"ambush" Australia's traditional export markets. The donation to Indonesia was a
clear breach of the spirit of that undertaking.

"Let's hope that further dialogue will help turn this around," Mr Fischer said.

He said the US move was as much about market penetration as it was about
humanitarian aid, and despite record Australian exports of $114 billion in the
past financial year, "these latest moves by the USA are a sharp reminder we
cannot be complacent."

But Mr Fischer hoped a concerted government campaign - including complaints by
the Prime Minister, Mr John Howard, to Dr Albright - would help resolve the
problem.

Welcoming Mr Howard's involvement, the president of the National Farmers
Federation, Mr Ian Donges, said the US donation appeared to be a subtle form of
export subsidy or support to US wheat farmers.

The National Party's Senate Leader, Senator Ron Boswell, also accused the US of
breaching its undertaking to Australia not to subsidise agricultural exports.

The US must be told that Australia "will always be here whenever the US needs
it", he told ABC radio yesterday. He said the US was favored in terms of trade
between it and Australia.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two photos: Mr Fischer, left, wants Mr Clinton to honor subsidy deals.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1998 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              395 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                            December 7, 1999 Tuesday

Farming challenge ;
 Another tough year likely for producers

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 31

LENGTH: 581 words


CHICAGO - For many Illinois farmers, 1999 was the most challenging year they've
ever faced. And 2000 will likely bring more of the same, said Ron Warfield,
president of the Illinois Farm Bureau.

"I still believe in the future of farming, but you're going to see agriculture
change and change rapidly," said Warfield at the IFB's 85th annual meeting.

Despite $8 billion in federal aid this year, Warfield said farmers need more
than a temporary Band-Aid.

"As I talk to farmers across the state, there is a certain number saying, 'I
don't see a future. I'm going to get out while I still have equity,'" he said.
"I think things are better than the '80s, when we saw wholesale bankruptcies.
But we are going to lose a significant number of producers, even with the
federal aid."

Illinois Department of Agriculture Director Joe Hampton said he's hoping for a
strong turnaround.

" I'm very concerned about farmers. A lot of them had extraordinarily good
yields, which compensated for the low prices," said Hampton. "Some farmers are
doing OK and will hang on for a while. Some won't."

Generous help from the government, such as the $8 billion farmers received this
year, may not continue, said U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin.

"I don't believe it's politically sustainable to be putting in an emergency farm
aid bill year after year," said Durbin, a Springfield Democrat. "I voted for the
Freedom to Farm bill, but maybe it's time to amend it. If it continues to cost
$8 billion every year, then farmers need to readdress it."

Both Durbin and U.S. Sen. Peter Fitzgerald, R-Ill., said crop insurance reform
will be forthcoming.

The 2, 180 farmers attending the IFB convention, which runs through Wednesday,
also are concerned about mergers among major agribusinesses. Already this year,
Cargill has acquired Continental, DuPont purchased Pioneer, and Smithfield is
buying Carroll Foods and Murphy Family Farms.

"Now there are talks between Monsanto and Novartis," said Warfield. "Farm Bureau
was very vocal about the potential impact of these mergers on farmers and
agriculture."

Other issues that will be addressed in the group's resolution process, which
directs the IFB throughout the year, include biotechnology, a new farm bill,
risk management, the conservation reserve, alternative fuels, flood plain
regulation and contract production.

Farmer John Beatty of Auburn helped draft a resolution that will direct the IFB
to launch a campaign to inform consumers of the benefits of genetically modified
products, or GMOs.

Last year, he planted 50 percent of his crop in GMO corn and 50 percent in
traditional hybrids.

"I'm not going to do that this year," said Beatty. "I didn't have trouble
selling it because I'm a guy who sells out of the field. But there's too much
uncertainty.

"We need a unique method of distributing information about the safety of GMOs -
an infomercial or Jane Pauley or something. I'd like to see the big chemical
companies putting up billboards that say GMOs are wholesome foods."

On a brighter note, Rich Brauer of Oakford, president of the Illinois Pork
Producers, said things have begun to turn around for hog producers.

"People are seeing a light at the end of the tunnel," said Brauer. "This will
still be a tough year, as farmers have to talk to their bankers and get ready
for next year, but it looks a lot better than it did last year. Once we get past
the point of having too many hogs, demand will go up."

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The State Journal-Register

                              396 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                   H2S Safety

                               3215 Zanderson Ave
                             Jourdanton,  TX 78026
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 830-769-3652
URL: http://www.h2ssafety.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 38300992

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
H2S Safety is a company focussed on First Aid, First Aid Kits, Hard Hats, Hats,
Safety Equipment, and 9 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise
Data. H2S Safety does business in the Agriculture, Automation, and Electrical
Power Industries, as well as 8 other major Manufacturing Industries. H2S Safety
has at least 3 business locations. The company describes itself via it's website
thusly: "Manning Safety Services provides hydrogen sulfide (H2S) and toxic gas
safety products and services. H2S detection and atmospheric monitoring
equipment, respiratory protection, hydrostatic testing, H2S certification and
training, Rule 36 compliance, consulting."

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
21311200
SIC CODES:
73590000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Hard Hats
     ·    Hats
     ·    Safety Equipment
     ·    Safety Glass
     ·    Safety Glasses
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Hard Hats
     ·    Safety Equipment
     ·    Safety Glasses
     ·    Safety Products


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Rentals


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Safety
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Cyanides
     ·    Gases
     ·    Glass
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Hydrogen Sulfide
     ·    Natural Gas
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Sulfides


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  Less than $1 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Air Hose, Baseballs, Booms, Chests, Cyanides, Fire Blankets,
First Aid, First Aid Kits, Flags, Gases, Glass, Hard Hats, Hats, Hydrogen,
Hydrogen Sulfide, Hydrogen Sulfide Detectors, Lights, Monitoring Systems,
Natural Gas, Oxygen, Poles, Pressure Bottles, Railroads, Rentals, Safety
Equipment, Safety Glass, Safety Glasses, Safety Products, Samplers, Sirens,
Softballs, Solutions, Sulfides

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              397 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 23, 2005 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Senate Rejects Bush Bid to Ease Delivery of Food To Poor Nations

BYLINE: By CELIA W. DUGGER

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Foreign Desk; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 435 words


A Bush administration proposal that sought to get food to starving people more
rapidly and efficiently was rejected by Senate leaders yesterday, but the
Canadian government announced that it was increasing the use of the same
technique.

Up to half of Canada's food aid budget may now be used to buy food in developing
countries near a hunger crisis, with the rest bought from Canadian producers.
Before, only 10 percent could be bought abroad.

Canada's minister of international cooperation, Aileen Carroll, said in an
interview that the new policy would permit Canada to spend more than $100
million in aid ''to get more food to more people more quickly.''

In contrast, under the food aid program run by the United States Agency for
International Development, with a budget of more than $1 billion, all food must
be bought in United States markets and most must be shipped on United States
-flagged vessels. Shipping costs consume 40 percent to 50 percent of the food
aid budget, and delivering the food typically takes four months.

The Bush administration asked that the aid agency be allowed to spend up to a
quarter of its food aid budget in or near the poor countries afflicted by hunger
crises. The Senate leadership declined to include such a provision in the
agricultural appropriations bill passed yesterday. The House did the same in
June.

Keith Williams, a spokesman for Senator Saxby Chambliss, Republican of Georgia
and chairman of the Agriculture Committee, said yesterday that there were
concerns that food aid bought abroad might not be delivered as reliably as aid
bought in the United States, and that such purchases might drive up food prices
and worsen scarcity in drought-stricken areas.

The American proposal appears all but dead, but Senator Mike DeWine, Republican
of Ohio and a member of the Appropriations Committee, said through his spokesman
that he would try to revive a scaled-down version when the bill goes to a
House-Senate conference committee.

He sought unsuccessfully yesterday to persuade Republican leaders of the Senate
Appropriations and Agriculture Committees to allow 10 percent of the food aid
budget to be spent in poor countries.

''There will be a time lag in how quickly we can get food in to help, and in
that lag there are children dying,'' his spokesman, Jeff Sadosky, said.

In the looming hunger crisis in southern Africa, Canada already buys corn in the
region. The World Food Program estimates that more than 10 million people will
need food in Malawi, Mozambique and Zambia, among other nations. At the same
time, South Africa has had a bumper corn crop.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company

                              398 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 15, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for
"Maintenance and Repair of Navigational Aids"

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Forest Service Officer has issued requirement for
"Maintenance and Repair of Navigational Aids."

Solicitation no. AG-94TZ-S-12-0077                Posted on: July 15, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 811

Description: The contractor shall provide any and all labor, equipment,
supervision, transportation, services, supply's/parts necessary to maintain a
system of navigational aids on six reservoirs within Tonto National Forest and
one reservoir on Coconino National Forest . Maintenance includes maintaining all
existing components of navigational aids, including all components of buoy
lines. And making all needed repairs, monitoring lake-level fluctuations and
making needed adjustments to buoy locations. Navigational aids include hazard
and controlled use buoys and buoy lines. Also included is on two mile beacon
light.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 01, 2014 2:00 pm Mountain

Contact Details: 2324 E McDowell Road
Phoenix, Arizona 85006
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Elbert H. Hunt
ehunt@fs.fed.us
Phone: 602-225-5341
Fax: 602-225-5204

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=90e8a298444b57cdcbf8fefb8a8e6cea&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              399 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for
"Maintenance and Repair of Navigational Aids"

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Forest Service Officer has issued requirement for
"Maintenance and Repair of Navigational Aids."

Solicitation no. AG-94TZ-S-12-0077                Posted on: May 22, 2014

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 811

Description: The contractor shall provide any and all labor, equipment,
supervision, transportation, services, supply's/parts necessary to maintain a
system of navigational aids on six reservoirs within Tonto National Forest and
one reservoir on Coconino National Forest . Maintenance includes maintaining all
existing components of navigational aids, including all components of buoy
lines. And making all needed repairs, monitoring lake-level fluctuations and
making needed adjustments to buoy locations. Navigational aids include hazard
and controlled use buoys and buoy lines. Also included is on two mile beacon
light.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 01, 2013 2:00 pm Mountain

Contact Details: 2324 E McDowell Road
Phoenix, Arizona 85006
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Elbert H. Hunt
ehunt@fs.fed.us
Phone: 602-225-5341
Fax: 602-225-5204

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=90e8a298444b57cdcbf8fefb8a8e6cea&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              400 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture Issues Solicitation for
"Maintenance and Repair of Navigational Aids"

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Forest Service Officer has issued requirement for
"Maintenance and Repair of Navigational Aids."

Solicitation no. AG-94TZ-S-12-0077                Posted on: December 03, 2013

Notice Type: Solicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 811

Description: The contractor shall provide any and all labor, equipment,
supervision, transportation, services, supply's/parts necessary to maintain a
system of navigational aids on six reservoirs within Tonto National Forest and
one reservoir on Coconino National Forest . Maintenance includes maintaining all
existing components of navigational aids, including all components of buoy
lines. And making all needed repairs, monitoring lake-level fluctuations and
making needed adjustments to buoy locations. Navigational aids include hazard
and controlled use buoys and buoy lines. Also included is on two mile beacon
light.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Feb 01, 2013 2:00 pm Mountain

Contact Details: 2324 E McDowell Road
Phoenix, Arizona 85006
United States

Point of Contact(s):
Elbert H. Hunt
ehunt@fs.fed.us
Phone: 602-225-5341
Fax: 602-225-5204

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=90e8a298444b57cdcbf8fefb8a8e6cea&ta
b=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              401 of 999 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 7, 2006 Thursday

Livestock aid unlikely to help much, Oklahoma ag secretary says

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 411  words


State Agriculture Department officials and industry leaders met Wednesday to
discuss a federal drought relief program for livestock producers that some say
they expect will help few Oklahomans.

The $6.04 million gift has mixed value, Secretary of Agriculture Terry Peach
said: On one hand, any funding is better than nothing. But the number of cattle
in Oklahoma reduces that funding per head to a negligible amount.

"Every little bit will help, but it's such a small amount," he said.

At the end of August, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns announced $780
million in federal aid to help farmers and ranchers "manage drought and
weather-related production challenges. '" That package includes a new program
earmarked with $50 million for livestock producers.

After that money is dispersed across the nation, Oklahoma will get the
second-largest portion out of 20 states directly affected by drought; Texas will
receive the most, at $14.51 million.

However, Peach said the maximum $10,000 a producer could receive, as described
in the USDA program outline, will be out of reach for all but the largest
commercial cattle operations. The actual aid to any particular producer will be
worth only a few hundred dollars.

"In the cattle industry alone, Oklahoma has over 2 million head. By the time we
add our sheep and goat and buffalo industries to that, and other livestock in
the state which have all suffered losses, it won't be a significant impact
hardly at all. "

Based only on 2 million cattle, the distribution of $6 million means about $3
per head. Peach said the actual aid needed is about 100 times that amount, a
figure in the billions of dollars.

The funding was unexpected and not requested by the states, Peach said, "So it's
a good gesture on Mr. Johanns' part. We're thankful for that.

"And actually, the U.S. Senate does have a $5 billion disaster program in their
'07 appropriations bill that they'll be looking at when they meet this fall," he
said. "So that would be enough to see a significant benefit. ... But this $6
million will be a hard program to administer. "

Moving the money will take time as well. Peach got feedback from industry
representatives Wednesday on how to best administer the program.

Because all the funds must be committed to the program's original purpose, "we
won't be able to issue any payments until all the sign-ups are completed," he
said. "It won't be a quick, easy fix. You won't sign up one day and get your
check the next. "

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              402 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 7, 2006 Thursday

Livestock aid unlikely to help much, OK ag secretary says

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 413  words


State Agriculture Department officials and industry leaders met Wednesday to
discuss a federal drought relief program for livestock producers that some say
they expect will help few Oklahomans. The $6.04 million gift has mixed value,
Secretary of Agriculture Terry Peach said: On one hand, any funding is better
than nothing. But the number of cattle in Oklahoma reduces that funding per head
to a negligible amount.

"Every little bit will help, but it's such a small amount," he said. At the end
of August, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns announced $780 million in
federal aid to help farmers and ranchers "manage drought and weather-related
production challenges. '" That package includes a new program earmarked with $50
million for livestock producers. After that money is dispersed across the
nation, Oklahoma will get the second-largest portion out of 20 states directly
affected by drought; Texas will receive the most, at $14.51 million. However,
Peach said the maximum $10,000 a producer could receive, as described in the
USDA program outline, will be out of reach for all but the largest commercial
cattle operations. The actual aid to any particular producer will be worth only
a few hundred dollars. "In the cattle industry alone, Oklahoma has over 2
million head. By the time we add our sheep and goat and buffalo industries to
that, and other livestock in the state which have all suffered losses, it won't
be a significant impact hardly at all. " Based only on 2 million cattle, the
distribution of $6 million means about $3 per head. Peach said the actual aid
needed is about 100 times that amount, a figure in the billions of dollars. The
funding was unexpected and not requested by the states, Peach said, "So it's a
good gesture on Mr. Johanns' part. We're thankful for that. "And actually, the
U.S. Senate does have a $5 billion disaster program in their '07 appropriations
bill that they'll be looking at when they meet this fall," he said. "So that
would be enough to see a significant benefit. ... But this $6 million will be a
hard program to administer. " Moving the money will take time as well. Peach got
feedback from industry representatives Wednesday on how to best administer the
program. Because all the funds must be committed to the program's original
purpose, "we won't be able to issue any payments until all the sign-ups are
completed," he said. "It won't be a quick, easy fix. You won't sign up one day
and get your check the next. "

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              403 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 30, 1991, Tuesday, Final Edition

Moscow Not Creditworthy For Grain Aid, Bush Says

David Hoffman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 711 words


President Bush said yesterday the Soviet Union "regrettably" is not creditworthy
enough to qualify for a requested $ 1.5 billion in additional guarantees to
purchase U.S. grain. Administration officials said the president's remarks were
based on an internal administration review that has recommended the Soviet
request be rejected.

But Bush has not yet notified Moscow of a decision, the officials said, adding
that the president also has been urged by advisers to tell Soviet President
Mikhail Gorbachev that the United States will look for other ways to offer aid
to the Soviet Union.

"I'd like to be helpful," Bush told a group of agricultural broadcasters at the
White House in answer to a question. The Soviet request, he said, is "still up
in the air."

Gorbachev wrote Bush last month seeking another $ 1.5 billion in credit
guarantees in addition to the $ 1 billion the United States offered in December.
If granted, the credits would allow the Soviets to buy U.S. wheat, corn and
soybeans or soybean meal, paying for the purchases with loans from U.S. banks
backed by the Agriculture Department's Commodity Credit Corp.

Under current law, the Soviet Union's creditworthiness is a major consideration
in deciding whether to award the guarantees, and officials said this is the
reason Bush is expected to reject the Soviet request. The Organization for
Economic Cooperation and Development, an international economic research group,
said recently that Soviet creditworthiness had deteriorated after many years of
being good.

The Soviet Union had large currency deposits in Western banks and huge gold
reserves at home that made it a good credit risk throughout most of the 1980s,
according to the research group. But, the group said, the Soviet Union's foreign
debt rose rapidly in the past few years as the Kremlin departed from what had
been extremely conservative borrowing practices.

The group said there was a "virtual collapse of central control over
international payments," which slipped badly in the last two years. The Soviet
Union's internal economic chaos contributed to its declining creditworthiness
abroad, the group said in a Feb. 27 survey.

Under the U.S. farm credit program, if the borrowing country fails to repay the
loans, the U.S. government, which guaranteed the loans, suffers a loss. The
United States, for instance, is expected to bear a loss on loans that were
guaranteed to Iraq, previously the largest recipient in the program.

Rejection of Gorbachev's appeal for more aid would come as a setback for the
Soviets, who have lobbied hard for the grain credits. Congressional and
administration officials have said the Soviets are primarily interested in
buying corn for use as animal feed.

"The legislation is fairly specific in terms of creditworthiness," Bush said
yesterday. "Regrettably," he added, "the Soviet Union has not entered into the
market reforms that I think Gorbachev aspires to, and that I know the president
of the [Russian] republic, Mr. [Boris] Yeltsin, aspires to.

"So they've got to move forward to be creditworthy if we're going to do this,"
Bush said. "Now, there may be -- and we're thinking about this -- there may be
some way to extend credits, but it would -- I'll tell you another problem, is we
want to be sure how it's distributed, that no area is precluded from getting
this kind of -- being the beneficiaries of this kind of credit."

The president was reflecting a widespread concern that the Soviet food
distribution system has broken down as the command economy has collapsed. U.S.
officials have said they also are increasingly sensitive to the struggle between
the republics and authorities in Moscow, and they want any aid to be balanced
between these rival power centers.

Officials said they did not know what other kinds of aid Bush may offer in lieu
of the grain credits.

"I don't want to say that I won't go forward with this," Bush said, adding that
it would benefit U.S. farmers, but "I've got to abide by the law.

"And if we can find ways to encourage forward movement on these credits, or find
ways to make it creditworthy any other way. . . . Market reform is a good way to
do it. There are other ways that perhaps they would make the credit more
secure."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, PRESIDENT BUSH; PHOTO

TYPE: FOREIGN NEWS, NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post

                              404 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                            Moorhead Brothers, Inc.

                               302 Holly Grove Rd
                             Blacksburg,  SC 29702
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 864-839-5488
URL: http://www.moorheadbros.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/moorheadbros
http://www.linkedin.com/company/moorhead-brothers-inc-
https://plus.google.com/108015109008388629550/about
https://twitter.com/MoorheadBros
https://www.linkedin.com/company/3864365
https://www.youtube.com/user/MoorheadBros

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 36040092

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Moorhead Brothers, Inc. is a company focussed on First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Cutting Services, Grinding, and 4 other Product & Service categories tracked by
NetWise Data. Moorhead Brothers, Inc. does business in the Agriculture,
Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well as 14 other major Manufacturing
Industries. Moorhead Brothers, Inc. has at least 2 business locations. The
company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Moorhead Brothers, Inc.
Timber Felling, ROW Services, Clearing, Site DevelopmentOverview - Moorhead
Brothers, Inc."

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
23621000
SIC CODES:
16299903
CAGE CODES:
5B6F0
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Cutting Services
     ·    Grinding


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Columbium
     ·    Natural Gas


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
DIVERSITY BUSINESS:  Service Disabled Veteran Owned, Small Disadvantaged
Business, Veteran Owned Business


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Bucket Trucks, Columbium, Containment Systems, Cutting
Services, Defibrillators, Erosion Controls, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Grinding,
Hazardous Material Containment, Hazardous Materials, Natural Gas, Posts,
Railroads, Solutions, Substations, Telephones, Timbers, Traffic Control, Traffic
Control Devices, Traffic Controls, Transmissions, Uniforms, Vans

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              405 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             May 22, 2003, Thursday

W. RIPS FRANCE ON AIDS EFFORT$

BYLINE: DEBORAH ORIN Bureau Chief

SECTION: Sport+Late City Final; Pg. 006

LENGTH: 516 words


WASHINGTON - President Bush popped the weasels yesterday with swipes at Europe
that hit home in France as he challenged allies to do more to fight AIDS and
famine in Africa.

His tough talk came as Secretary of State Colin Powell headed to France last
night for the highest-level meetings since Paris led the "Axis of Weasel" in a
futile bid to block the U.S.-led war that toppled Saddam Hussein.

Bush's remarks also made it clear that he intends to speak from a post-Iraq
position of strength when he travels to Evian, France, in a little over a week
for an international G-8 huddle hosted by French President Jacques Chirac.

Bush challenged "our European partners" as well as Japan and Canada to
contribute more money to fight AIDS in order "to match their good intentions
with real resources."

"I will remind them that the clock is ticking," he added.

Bush said they must do more because "AIDS can be prevented, and AIDS can be
treated."

He pointed to his own $15 billion anti-AIDS plan, which Congress just passed, as
"the largest single up-front commitment in history" to fight a disease
worldwide.

The president also accused Europe of "impeding" efforts to fight starvation in
Africa by opposing genetically modified crops "because of unfounded,
unscientific fears" as he addressed Coast Guard Academy graduates in New London,
Conn.

In a final slap, he challenged "our partners in Europe" to immediately end
agricultural export subsidies that block farmers in Africa and Latin American
from "a fair chance to compete."

France is a prime beneficiary of the European Union's agricultural subsidies,
while Britain - America's closest ally in Iraq - feels it is hurt by EU
agricultural policy.

The White House yesterday officially announced Bush's Europe trip, which
features stops in Poland, Russia and France and may be capped by a visit to U.S.
troops in Kuwait or Qatar.

The brief White House announcement singled out "the warm ties between the Polish
and American people." Poland backed the Iraq war and even sent commandos.

By stressing America's leading role in helping Africa - and challenging Europe
to do a lot more - Bush could upstage what Chirac hoped to accomplish at the G-8
summit, where he's invited many developing countries and sought to bill himself
as their protector.

Today, the U.N. Security Council votes on a resolution to lift Iraq economic
sanctions. France and Russia had balked at the plan because it confirms
U.S.-British control of Iraq, but yesterday both said they'd vote yes.

"This is France's opportunity to recognize that they played a role in the last
debate [on the Iraq war] that was completely self-centered, in terms of looking
out for their own oil contracts," said a U.S. official.

Powell is slated to meet in Paris with other foreign ministers, including
France's Dominique de Villepin, who led the anti-war contingent at the United
Nations.


LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: T-ING IT UP: President Bush holds an inspirational T-shirt yesterday
while chatting with a cadet at the Coast Guard Academy graduation in New London,
Conn.  AP

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.

                              406 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 9, 1981, Monday, Late City Final Edition

THE STANDARD SCENARIO FOR AFRICAN FAMINE

SECTION: Section A; Page 23, Column 2; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 873 words

DATELINE: TUCSON, Ariz.


The news report was familiar. More than 150 million Africans faced famine, the
United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization said last September. What could
prevent such a disaster? Wealthy Western nations must provide ''massive
emergency shipments of cereal by the end of the year,'' the F.A.O. was quoted as
having said.

Thus, another of the periodic crises of starvation threatening some sizable
segment of impoverished humanity grabbed for international attention, and the
first step was taken in a three-step scenario for famine relief - a scenario
that by now is familiar.

Following the proclaimed threat comes the mobilization of assistance, through
the agencies of the United Nations and various bilateral arrangements. Reports
appear on breakdowns in the reliefdelivery system that emphasize the
incompetence or corruption of the receiving governments. The problem is made
personal by horror stories that feature descriptions of children with swollen
bellies and spindly legs.

Finally, after some months, it will be acknowledged that the crisis has passed.
The success of the relief program will be shouted by stressing how many people
have been saved from death.

However, these comments will hint at an inevitable ''next time'' when
international charity will be called upon to check the threat of enormous human
disaster.

The argument that relief programs are successful depends on the absence of piles
of stacked bodies of the starved dead. It is a false conclusion. Large-scale
famine may be avoided, not because of the organized relief effort but simply
because Africa's impoverished millions are, as yet, unready to submit to
starvation.

The fact is that such efforts, monumental exercises that they are, provide food
in piddling amounts when compared to the proclaimed need.

Such was the case in the threatened famine in the wake of drought in the Sahel
region of West Africa in 1973-1974. Six million to 10 million of the 24 million
people in the seven countries of the region were said to face imminent death
from hunger. The reaction by food donors was impressive. According to a Federal
Government report in August 1973, 625,000 metric tons of cereal were pledged by
the whole world for the two years of the crisis. United States aid was 256,000
metric tons (most of it from earlier ongoing programs), nearly 41 percent of the
world total.

However, even under the wildly optimistic assumption that all the food reached
its destinations, and at starvation rations of 1,000 calories per day, fewer
than 3.5 million people could have been fed in that crisis. Further, for 1973,
America's emergency assistance was less than 40 percent of its total food aid to
the region. The balance came from the previous commitments.

What happened to the millions whose deaths were predicted in the absence of food
aid? They survived. Traditional arrangements for food supply were enough to
outlast this crisis.

The Sahel was wounded by its encounter with drought. Significant environmental
deterioration was experienced, diminishing the region's capacity to rebound to
face the inevitable next time. There was a sharpening of hardship in a harsh
setting. And, yes, the sickly old and young died in greater numbers than normal
because of undernutrition-related disease. However, the needs of the Sahel and
places like it are not advanced by false cries of famine, however
well-intentioned they may be.

This highlights the awful irony of famine relief. The fire-brigade approach
focuses on the immediate problem, each time stated in more outrageous terms, as
a tactic to generate maximum food aid. The unfortunate result is to miss the
opportunity to address the underlying causes, contributing to what may be the
making of a false famine into a true one in the Sahel and elsewhere in Africa.

The remedy lies in building on, rather than draining, the great strengths of
Africa's village civilization. The effort to build stable nation-states and
prosperous industrial economies on the narrow base of raw materials produced for
export, introduced in the colonial period for a no more exalted purpose than
deriving a profit for empire, has proved beneficial to some Africans and
non-Africans alike. But obliging Africa's villages to produce first for the
consumption of others has undermined the very village selfsufficiency on which
the exploitive status quo depends.

Let there be no mistake about the risk. In Africa's future, there may indeed be
a failure of food production for local consumption. The consequences would be
horrific. Any relief program would be overwhelmed. Millions would die in weeks.
My guess is that they would go silently to their graves. Then, at least, the
problem of hunger in Africa would be solved.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
James M. Harkin, assistant professor of public administration at The University
of Arizona, did development work in Africa's Sahel region during the 1973-74
drought.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OP-ED

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company

                              407 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                            August 28, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Minister cautious about mad cow relief: Meets American counterpart to discuss
costly crisis; warns producers not to be overly optimistic

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 344  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


Manhattan and mad cow may seem an unlikely combination, but Agriculture Minister
Andy Mitchell will be mixing the two today when he travels to New York City to
meet his American counterpart to lobby for an end to the costly mad cow crisis.

Before leaving, Mitchell tried to dampen expectations among desperate producers
that the U.S. border might swing open quickly following his first face-to-face
meeting with U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman.

"I think I'll measure the results (of the session) in terms of establishing a
relationship," Mitchell said in an interview shortly before meeting Veneman, who
is in New York for next week's Republican Party convention.

"But I am going to take the opportunity to state the Canadian position because I
think it cannot be stated enough," added Mitchell, who took over the agriculture
portfolio after the June 28 federal election.

The meeting comes as Ottawa has started to drop broad hints that as the crisis
drags on, more emergency aid could be coming for the cash-strapped industry.

Ralph Goodale, the federal finance minister from southern Saskatchewan, has been
suggesting recently that he might shake open Ottawa's piggy bank.

In March, just before the last federal budget, Ottawa announced a $1-billion
farm aid package that included $680 million in relief for cattle producers. That
also included a pledge from Goodale of more help if the border remained closed
"for a protracted period."

Goodale is now repeating that pledge to help cope with mad cow - "a serious
issue not just for producers but a serious issue for the country."

However, he isn't saying yet just how much aid might be made available.

That's good news for the Canadian Cattlemen's Association, which has developed a
long-term plan including emergency cash aid as well as initiatives for boosting
slaughter capacity, loan guarantees and market expansion.

New data shows the Canadian cattle industry is being crushed under the weight of
the 15-month long crisis that dates back to the discovery of single case of mad
cow on a ranch in northern Alberta.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              408 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  November 16, 1988, Wednesday, Final Edition

U.S. Bishops Spell Out Food Policy;
Catholic Document Stresses Linkages

BYLINE: Marjorie Hyer, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A14

LENGTH: 458 words


The nation's Roman Catholic bishops, continuing their four-day meeting here
yesterday, adopted a comprehensive policy paper on food and agriculture and
established a permanent committee to implement it.

The wide-ranging document stresses interrelationships involving food production
and distribution: linkage between last summer's drought in Iowa and the higher
cost of bread in New York, between farm foreclosures in Illinois and increased
numbers of homeless in St. Louis, between poverty and hunger.

The document, adopted by a voice vote with no apparent opposition, applies to
agriculture the principles of the bishops' two-year-old pastoral letter on
economic justice.

"It is central to the church's teaching on human dignity that everyone has a
legitimate claim to the goods and services required to live a truly human life,"
the document says.

The statement expresses a strong preference for family farms over corporate
ownership, warns of the danger to consumers and agricultural workers of
pesticide use and urges farmers to "create or join cooperatives as a means of
self-development."

The committee will have educational and advocacy functions, Archbishop James
Roach of Minneapolis said. "Urban people need to understand that food and
agriculture are not just rural issues, they are global issues," he said.

Roach, a former president of the National Conference of Catholic Bishops (NCCB),
said the Washington-based conference staff would work with agriculture
specialists of state bishops' conferences and the grass-roots staff of the
National Catholic Rural Life Conference to address issues raised by the
document.

In other business, Archbishop Roger Mahoney of Los Angeles reported that the
committee he heads to draft a new conference statement on AIDS plans to hold "a
series of interviews" here this week and hopes to have the project completed by
June.

In a closed session earlier this year, the bishops agreed to produce the new
statement. A previous document released on the subject last December was
criticized by the Vatican because it gave qualified approval of public-education
programs advocating condom use to prevent spread of the disease.

The more than 300 bishops adopted a $ 30.6 million budget for the NCCB. The
largest item, $ 8.2 million, is earmarked for migration and refugee services.

In his annual report, the Rev. William Byron, president of Catholic University,
cited the civil suit that was brought against the university by the Rev. Charles
Curran and is scheduled to be heard in D.C. Superior Court next month.

Curran, whom the Vatican declared ineligible to teach as a Catholic theologian
because of his dissent from church teaching on sexual ethics, is suing for
breach of contract.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, CONFERRING HERE WERE, FROM LEFT, AUXILIARY BISHOP OF RICHMOND
DAVID E. FOLEY, WASHINGTON CARDINAL JAMES A. HICKEY AND RICHMOND BISHOP WALTER
F. SULLIVAN. AP

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post

                              409 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             October 1, 2006 Sunday

ACRES APART

BYLINE: Harold Brubaker, Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 1000 words


The thousands of music fans who partied this weekend at the Farm Aid concert in
Camden raised as much as $1 million to promote the preservation of family farms.

When Farm Aid officials talk about "keeping family farmers on the land," they
imply that they are trying to save an endangered species. Yet, the reality is
that 95 percent of U.S. farms - excluding retirement and residential farms - are
owned and operated by families.

In recent years, Farm Aid organizers have added a twist to their mission: a
vision of family farms producing food for local consumers - which advocates call
the "good food movement."

"It began to dawn on us that food and farming were so closely linked that we
couldn't really separate them," Ted Quaday, Farm Aid program director said.

Farm Aid's evolution into an advocate for a direct connection between farmers
and consumers occurred over the last decade as a segment of the American public
became intensely interested in food: how it tastes and how it was produced -
especially with regard to farm animals.

What Farm Aid is reacting to is the 20th century's massive consolidation in
agriculture - which happened in step with other key sectors, such as banking and
energy. That consolidation eliminated more than two-thirds of American farms
since the 1930s as slaughterhouses, food processors and supermarkets grew and
gained economic leverage.

On the consumer side, demand for easier-to-prepare processed foods grew as women
entered the workforce, reducing the amount of time available to prepare meals.

The number of farms in the United States peaked at 6.8 million in the 1930s,
when 21 percent of the workforce was engaged in agriculture and Americans spent
about the same percentage of their disposable income on food.

Now, the United States Department of Agriculture counts 2.1 million farms -
though 10 percent account for 75 percent of production, and less than 2 percent
of Americans work in agriculture. Huge productivity gains that accompanied the
rise of industrial agriculture reduced the portion of income Americans spend on
food to 11.5 percent last year.

Seventy years of consolidation have created huge family-owned and
family-operated farms, such as Sheppard Farms Inc. in Cumberland County, N.J.,
owned by three brothers who employ 250 and raise 1,500 acres of peppers,
cucumbers, tomatoes and other fresh-market vegetables that are sold in
supermarkets locally and all over the country.

Despite the size of Sheppard Farms Inc., which has $8 million in annual sales,
Tom Sheppard does not hesitate when describing the operation. "We are a family
farm," with roots that go back more than 300 years, he said.

At the other end of the farming spectrum, George and Melanie DeVault cultivate
three acres of their 20-acre Pheasant Hill Farm in Lehigh County.

"We try to sell everything we grow as close to where it's grown as possible,"
George DeVault said. The DeVaults used to haul their fruits, vegetables and cut
flowers more than 50 miles to a market in Philadelphia. When a market opened in
Telford, 30 miles closer, they moved there. Now, they sell at a Sunday market in
Emmaus, which is only three miles away.

The DeVaults, who have other income, represent the kind of locally based farming
Farm Aid promotes, in DeVault's words: "producing food for people and selling it
directly so the farmer gets all the income from it."

Mainstream agricultural economists scoff at the idea that such a regional food
system can meet Americans' food needs.

"There's a good reason why we don't produce most of our own food," Jim Dunn of
Pennsylvania State University said. "Part of it is specialization, part of it
has to do with the seasons we have," which impose serious limits on production.

"We do what we're good at, and we let other people do what they are good at," he
said.

Brian Snyder, executive director of the Pennsylvania Association for Sustainable
Agriculture, said local or regional food systems might be the only way to feed
the world in the long run because heavily subsidized conventional agriculture is
input-intensive and damages the environment.

Besides, he said, industrial-farming advocates "ignore the technological
advances that allow for season extension, better utilization of marginal lands,
and intensive farming on a smaller scale."

Snyder's nonprofit in Milheim, Pa., which runs educational programs for farmers
and works to build markets, has received $17,500 in grants from Farm Aid since
2004.

Since 1985, Farm Aid has granted $93,500 in Pennsylvania, Quaday, the program
director, said. Almost half the money went to the nonprofit group FoodRoutes
Network, which promotes local food systems. The group has not made any grants in
New Jersey.

Farm Aid said it had raised more than $29 million since 1985 and had spent 84
percent of it on programs "to build and strengthen family-farm food production."

A big reason for the widespread perception that corporations dominate American
agriculture is the proliferation of production contracts in poultry and pork
production.

Under such contracts - which account for almost all poultry production and 60
percent of hog production - the farmers own the buildings and equipment, but not
the animals. The contractor owns the animals, supplies the feed, decides when
the animals go to market, and pays the farmer to raise them.

Some critics of industrial agriculture said this system took too much control
out of the hands of farmers.

Jim Brubaker, a Union County, Pa., farmer disagreed.

Brubaker and his two sons - with no hired help - farm 600 acres of corn and
soybeans, fatten 6,300 hogs at a time for a contractor that supplies Hatfield
Quality Meats, and produce a million kosher broilers a year.

"I don't consider myself to be a serf or a slave to the integrator," said
Brubaker, who had an independent hog operation until 1993, but switched because
of declining profit. "They can't exist without us. We can't exist without them."

Contact staff writer Harold Brubaker at 215-854-4651 or
hbrubaker@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              410 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 10, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

IN BRIEF

SECTION: ANNE ARUNDEL EXTRA; Pg. T06

LENGTH: 823 words


The Anne Arundel County Department of Health will conduct vision and hearing
screenings for preschool, kindergarten and third- and eighth-grade public school
students, private school students, and children in day-care centers and
nurseries.

Children are screened in order to detect vision or hearing problems that may
hinder their ability to perform successfully in school. If a potential
deficiency is detected, a letter will be sent to the child's parents or
guardians.

Children who wear glasses should bring them on the day of the screening.

The following schools will hold screenings in October:

Oct. 17 Aleph-Bet Jewish Day School

Kneseth Israel Nursery School

Severn School

Oct. 18 Kneseth Israel Nursery School

Oct. 21 and 22 Marley Elementary

Solley Elementary

Oct. 23 and 24 Meade Heights Elementary

Pasadena Elementary

Oct. 25 Creative Gardens Learning Center of Annapolis

Oct. 28 and 29 Bodkin Elementary

Crofton Woods Elementary

Oct. 30 and 31 Corkran Middle

Crofton Middle

For more information about the health department's school vision and hearing
program, call Anna M. Edwards at 410-222-0071.

In October, the Maryland Higher Education Commission will hold financial aid
workshops geared toward high school seniors preparing for college. October is
also a good time, according to the commission, for students to tour college
campuses, meet with college faculty and staff, and contact college financial aid
offices.

The following is a list of Maryland Higher Education Commission financial aid
workshops:

Oct. 17 7 p.m., Frederick Douglass High School, Prince George's County

Oct. 18 7 p.m., Chapelgate Christian Academy, Howard County

Oct. 22 7 p.m., Hereford High School, Baltimore County

Oct. 23 6 p.m., University of Maryland, College Park

7 p.m., Howard High School, Howard County

Oct. 24 6:30 p.m., Center of Applied Technology North, Anne Arundel County

Oct. 26 11 a.m., Largo High School, Prince George's County

For more information about state financial aid programs, call the commission's
office of student financial assistance at 410-260-4565, or visit its Web site at
www.mhec.state.md.us.

The Anne Arundel County Department of Parks and Recreation is slated to receive
a $ 118,250 grant for land preservation from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The county department will receive the grant next month, and the money will be
used in conjunction with the Maryland Agriculture Preservation Program, which
helps owners of farms, woodlands and other qualified properties preserve their
land.

During the past 20 years, the county's Department of Parks and Recreation has
preserved more than 10,000 acres of farm and woodland.

For more information call Barbara Polito, parks and recreation preservation
program manager, at 410-222-7317.

World Heritage, a nonprofit student exchange program, is seeking a local
representative to screen potential host families; plan annual family and student
orientations; meet with local high schools; provide support counseling; and
visit exchange students and their host families.

Representatives would also help students -- who come from Germany, France,
Spain, Japan, Thailand, Mexico, Great Britain and Brazil -- and their host
families to organize social and recreational activities.

The ideal candidate should enjoy fostering international friendships, be
community-minded and enjoy working with teenagers. Community representatives
will spend an average of two to four hours a month with each student and his or
her host family.

For more information call Eileen Coen at 800-888-9040, or visit the World
Heritage Web site at www.world-heritage.org.

The Pasadena Senior Center, at 4103 Mountain Rd. in Pasadena, will host a
"Girls' Night Out" from 4 to 6 p.m. Wednesday.

The evening, billed as a fun and informative night for women, includes a dinner,
door prizes and a discussion about breast cancer treatment and prevention.

The program is free, but reservations are required. For more information or to
reserve a slot, call the Anne Arundel County Department of Health at
410-222-7979.

The Severna Park branch of the American Association of University Women (AAUW)
will hold a book drive from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Oct. 19 in the parking lot of the
Arnold Safeway on Ritchie Highway, and the Severna Park Safeway on Benfield
Road. Members of the AAUW will be on hand at both sites to accept book donations
and provide receipts.

The organization will hold a book sale in November to raise money for their
scholarship fund, which assists Anne Arundel Community College graduates who
want to attend four-year institutions.

In addition to Saturday's collection drive, people can drop books in AAUW
collection bins, which are in front of the Safeways in Arnold and Severna Park;
the Severna Park Giant on Ritchie Highway; and the Annapolis Safeway on Forest
Drive.

For more information call 410-647-6232.

-- Compiled by Eileen Rivers

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post

                              411 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 16, 2011 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

GREGOIRE SEEKS FEDERAL DISASTER AID FOR FARMERS;

BYLINE: Jim Camden<P>jimc@spokesman.com, (509) 879-7461<P>

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: OLYMPIA


Here's one more thing to consider when complaining about this year's weather:
All 39 counties in Washington may be "disaster areas" and eligible for farm
disaster aid because of several hard freezes last winter and the cool, wet
spring.

Chris Gregoire asked the U.S. Department of Agriculture to begin the process for
determining disaster relief across the state, which would make farmers who
sustained significant crop losses eligible for emergency loans and other aid.

It's an unusual request on several counts. For one, it's not tied to any single
event, like a hailstorm, tornado or flood, where the damage is immediately
apparent. For another, some of the crops are actually looking good as harvest
gets under way.

In a letter to U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, Gregoire listed weather
problems for each of the state's counties, ranging from "excessive rain and cool
spring" throughout Eastern Washington's wheat counties and the Puget Sound area
to "freeze, frost and excessive rain" in Benton and Yakima counties.

"It is unusual that this happened throughout the state," Chris Bieker, of the
U.S Farm Service Agency. "All 39 counties may not get a primary disaster
designation."

Farmers are being asked to report their losses to the FSA. If there's a 30
percent loss to a particular crop in a county, farmers with losses in that
county and the adjoining counties could be eligible for emergency loans and
supplemental payments to make up for lost revenue, Bieker said. There's also a
tree assistance program that could help orchardists who lost trees to the frosts
in November and February.

The losses won't be known until after harvest, she said, and the cool weather
has delayed harvest in many parts of the state.

While the overall apple crop looks good right now, some orchards, vineyards and
berry farms were hit hard by deep freezes.

"This is turning out to be a really good crop for winter wheat, but not spring
wheat," Bieker said. The wet spring made it difficult to plant spring wheat. It
also caused rust, a fungus, in the winter wheat that farmers had to spray in
time to save their crops. She added, however, "It's not a good crop until it's
in."

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                              412 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 16, 2011 Tuesday
                                Replate Edition

GREGOIRE SEEKS FEDERAL DISASTER AID FOR FARMERS;

BYLINE: Jim Camden<P>jimc@spokesman.com, (509) 879-7461<P>

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: OLYMPIA


Here's one more thing to consider when complaining about this year's weather:
All 39 counties in Washington may be "disaster areas" and eligible for farm
disaster aid because of several hard freezes last winter and the cool, wet
spring.

Chris Gregoire asked the U.S. Department of Agriculture to begin the process for
determining disaster relief across the state, which would make farmers who
sustained significant crop losses eligible for emergency loans and other aid.

It's an unusual request on several counts. For one, it's not tied to any single
event, like a hailstorm, tornado or flood, where the damage is immediately
apparent. For another, some of the crops are actually looking good as harvest
gets under way.

In a letter to U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, Gregoire listed weather
problems for each of the state's counties, ranging from "excessive rain and cool
spring" throughout Eastern Washington's wheat counties and the Puget Sound area
to "freeze, frost and excessive rain" in Benton and Yakima counties.

"It is unusual that this happened throughout the state," Chris Bieker, of the
U.S Farm Service Agency. "All 39 counties may not get a primary disaster
designation."

Farmers are being asked to report their losses to the FSA. If there's a 30
percent loss to a particular crop in a county, farmers with losses in that
county and the adjoining counties could be eligible for emergency loans and
supplemental payments to make up for lost revenue, Bieker said. There's also a
tree assistance program that could help orchardists who lost trees to the frosts
in November and February.

The losses won't be known until after harvest, she said, and the cool weather
has delayed harvest in many parts of the state.

While the overall apple crop looks good right now, some orchards, vineyards and
berry farms were hit hard by deep freezes.

"This is turning out to be a really good crop for winter wheat, but not spring
wheat," Bieker said. The wet spring made it difficult to plant spring wheat. It
also caused rust, a fungus, in the winter wheat that farmers had to spray in
time to save their crops. She added, however, "It's not a good crop until it's
in."

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                              413 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     July 22, 1995, Saturday, City Edition

What happened in Congress

SECTION: NATIONAL; WASHINGTON; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 475 words



Abortion: The House Appropriations Committee continued to vote to limit
abortion rights, approving amendments Friday that would permit states to deny
Medicaid abortions to victims of rape or incest and to prohibit the federal
government from penalizing medical residency programs that choose not to
provide training in abortions. On Thursday, the committee approved amendments
restricting federal embryo research and abolishing the government's family
planning program.

Big business: The House voted to continue spending tax dollars to promote  U.S.
agricultural exports, a program widely criticized as a leading example of
corporate welfare. Instead of killing the program, House members increased
funding for the Department of Agriculture's Market Promotion by 30 percent  from
last year - for a total of $ 110-million. The program provides grants to  such
corporate giants as McDonald's, Pillsbury, Campbell Soup, Welch's Foods,
Sunkist Growers, Gallo Wines, and Tyson's Foods to help finance overseas trade
shows and advertising. House members also easily defeated attempts to limit
grants to corporations with revenues of more than $ 20-million and to prohibit
grants to promote the sale of U.S. wines, whiskies and other alcohol.

Military: The Senate approved an $ 11-billion defense construction bill that
includes $ 4.2-billion for military family housing and homeowners' aid. Defense

 Secretary William Perry has called family housing a top priority.

Packwood: The clubby atmosphere of the U.S. Senate wilted Friday amid
Republican threats to revisit Chappaquiddick if Democrats press for public
hearings on the sexual misconduct charges against Sen. Bob Packwood, R-Ore.
Despite the hints about an investigation of Sen. Ted Kennedy's involvement in
the 1969 Chappaquiddick tragedy, Sen. Barbara Boxer of California renewed her
demand for public hearings on the Packwood case. Boxer plans to introduce
legislation next week requiring senators to vote on whether they favor public
hearings on Packwood's conduct.

Whitewater: The White House announced that it had reached a preliminary
agreement with a special Senate Whitewater committee to provide a more  complete
disclosure of the files removed from the office of the deputy counsel  Vincent
Foster Jr. after he died. Senate Republicans complained that many  pages
submitted from Foster's files were so heavily edited as to be utterly
unhelpful.

Ovation: Rep. Bill Richardson, a New Mexico Democrat, got a standing  ovation
from colleagues Friday. Richardson negotiated for three months with  Iraq's
ambassador to the United Nations to help win release of William Barloon  of Iowa
and David Daliberti of Florida. The men were sentenced to eight years  in Iraqi
prison for crossing the Kuwaiti-Iraq border March 13.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company

                              414 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            December 12, 2010 Sunday

Despicable behavior

LENGTH: 210 words


Colleges and universities -- whose tuition hikes far in excess of inflation are
enabled by government grants and loans to students -- have no business
redefining food stamps as another form of "financial aid" and encouraging
students to apply for them.

Yet many -- including Oregon's Portland State University, Iowa State University
and Ivy-League Cornell University -- are doing just that, The Daily Caller
reports. Thus, they're teaching a pernicious entitlement mentality.

Part of the problem is the U.S. Department of Agriculture's 2008 rebranding of
food stamps as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, which has lessened
the stigma associated with receiving them. With more than 42 million Americans
receiving government food assistance this year -- six million more than last
year -- it's all too easy to view it as just one's "fair share."

But, again, government "aid" only gives higher education cover to stick it to
students. And then places like Portland State, Iowa State and Cornell have the
audacity to encourage food-stamp use to ease the financial pain they have
inflicted?

That's despicable behavior. And it should force government at the federal and
state levels to critically question the practice and sanction those who employ
it.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              415 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 31, 2015 Saturday

Head Line: US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri) Issues
Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Lahore


   WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INAG-S-16-0007

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: October 30, 2015

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INAG-S-16-0007 (2000003704)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after October 30, 2015, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near November 4, 2015.



   Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              416 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

Head Line: US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri) Issues
Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Lahore


   WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-16-0004

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: October 26, 2015

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-16-0004 (2000003682)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after October 26, 2015, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near October 28, 2015.



   Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              417 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 21, 2015 Wednesday

Head Line: US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri) Issues
Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277 words

DATELINE: Lahore


   WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-16-0003

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: October 21, 2015

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-16-0003 (2000003662)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after October 21, 2015, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near October 28, 2015.



   Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              418 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Head Line: US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Missouri) Issues
Solicitation for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

LENGTH: 277 words

DATELINE: Lahore


   WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency officer has issued
requirement for "Bulk Agricultural Commodities for use in U.S. International
Food Aid Programs"

Solicitation No: AG-INFG-S-16-0001

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: October 7, 2015

Description: USDA's Farm Service Agency, Kansas City Commodity Office (KCCO)
intends to issue solicitation AG-INFG-S-16-0001 (2000003642)  for bulk
agricultural commodities to be used in U.S. international food aid programs.
Deliveries are for various locations in the United States. The solicitation's is
expected to be available on or after Ocatober 7, 2015, and will be available
electronically through USDA's Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system
located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a
link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the
solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website
(http://www.fbo.gov). A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for
the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including
solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published both through WBSCM
and FBO. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the
most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of
receipt for offers will be on or near October 14, 2015.



   Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 311

Contact Details: P.O. Box 419205 Mail Stop 8698 Kansas City, Missouri 64141-6205
United States

Point of Contact(s): Janet Cleveland, Grain Marketing Specialist
janet.cleveland@kcc.usda.gov Phone: 816-926-2540


LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              419 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            August 28, 2001 Tuesday

Wisconsin Briefs

BYLINE: ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: Pg. a10

LENGTH: 435 words

DATELINE: GREEN BAY


Beef recalled over potential for E. coli

American Foods Group is voluntarily recalling more than 530,000 pounds of ground
beef in 17 states because the food might be contaminated with a strain of the
deadly E. coli bacteria.

No illnesses have been associated with the beef, the Green Bay-based company
said in a statement Sunday night.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture found a sample of the E. coli strain known as
0157:H7 while testing the meat produced Aug. 2.

The ground beef was distributed to Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South
Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and Wisconsin.

It has a sell-by date of Aug. 19, 2001, and a label with the USDA establishment
number 410. The 530,118.62 pounds of ground beef was shipped to retailers in
three-, five- and 10-pound packages, but might have been repackaged at the
retail level.

Anyone with the recalled meat can return it to the store where they purchased it
for a full refund.

McCallum intends to veto kindergarten-aid reduction

MADISON - Gov. Scott McCallum said he will veto a budget measure that would
reduce state aid for 4-year-olds' kindergarten classes.

McCallum says he believes in early education, but one legislator says children
are better served in the care of their family and not the government.

President Bush will visit Green Bay on Labor Day

DETROIT - President Bush will return to Wisconsin just two weeks after his last
visit.

Bush is planning to visit Detroit and Green Bay, Wis., on Sept. 3 "to celebrate
the values of hard work and responsibility with working Americans," White House
officials told the Detroit Free Press in Monday's editions.

Suspect steals police car

NEW GLARUS - An 18-year-old man stole a police car and used its police radio to
try to elude authorities, police said.

Police came to a New Glarus residence Sunday to respond to a report that the man
was sleeping in a parked vehicle in the garage of a private residence, said
Police Chief Steen Allbaugh.

They apprehended the man, put him in the back seat of the police car and
interviewed people at the residence. While they were talking, Allbaugh said the
man "entered the front seat of the squad by going through the partitioned cage
and stole the police vehicle."

The man drove off, and while Green County law enforcement tried to find him, he
"utilized the police radio, giving false locations where he was traveling,"
Allbaugh said.

The squad car was found abandoned a couple of hours later.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.

                              420 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Washington: U.S. Aid Experts Back Proposed Changes in Food Delivery

LENGTH: 779 words

DATELINE: Washington


US Embassy in London, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Two former senior U.S. officials have urged Congress to reform the country's
system of delivering food aid to include local and regional procurements.

"The costs of procuring in the U.S. and transporting the commodity [are] higher
than purchasing the commodity locally," Andrew Natsios said referring to a 2012
U.S. Department of Agriculture assessment of the current food aid delivery
system. A former administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development
(USAID), Natsios is a professor of government and public service at Texas A & M
University.

"The lower costs and greater efficiency are not the only benefits of the
reforms," Natsios testified June 12 before the House Committee on Foreign
Affairs. Reforms, he said, "will allow our food aid to reach more people at the
same cost."

The current U.S. food aid program requires that 50 percent of donated food aid
be U.S.-produced and shipped on U.S.-flagged vessels to locations around the
world. It requires that 15 percent of the aid be monetized -- or donated to aid
organizations that then sell the food in local markets and use the proceeds to
finance a variety of development projects.

Advocates for change say the current system is both outdated and inefficient, as
it can take weeks for food to arrive at its destination. In addition, they say,
food aid that is monetized damages local economies.

Former Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman said change is needed for other
reasons as well. "While great progress has been made over the past several years
to enhance the prepositioning of U.S. commodities to increase response time and
strengthen early warning systems to better prepare for weather-related shocks,
much more can be done to improve the flexibility of our food aid system," he
said. Glickman is the executive director of the Aspen Institute Congressional
Program.

"This new model pairs the continued purchase of the best of American agriculture
with the flexibility of increased local and regional purchase, cash transfers
and electronic vouchers," USAID states on its website.

Natsios said that USAID estimates that under the proposal as many as 4 million
more people could receive food aid. He said there is "considerable evidence"
that purchasing food locally boosts local economies, supports farmers with more
knowledge of local markets, improves housing and cash incomes and reduces the
need for middle men.

U.S. agribusiness, shippers and labor unions support keeping the current system.
"Shipping a cargo load of food rather than the money to buy food if it is
available is the best and most secure way to ensure that taxpayer-funded
international food assistance actually makes it to hungry people overseas,"
American Farm Bureau President Bob Stallman argued in a May 15 statement posted
on the organization's website.

However, the mood among some in the food business is changing, with the National
Farmers Union and agribusiness giant Cargill recently expressing support for
food aid reform, Glickman said.

The proposed change would retain U.S. purchases of food aid when it is "the most
appropriate response such as when buying food locally might increase food
prices," Natsios said. In addition, many so called ready-to-use therapeutic
foods and processed foods will continue to be purchased in the United States,
USAID says.

In April, Representative Ed Royce, a Republican from California and the
committee's chairman, and subcommittee ranking minority member Karen Bass, a
Democrat for California, introduced legislation to reform the food aid program
to feed more people, more quickly, at lower cost.

"Modernizing U.S. international food aid to help more people facing starvation,
more quickly, at a lower cost is common sense, especially given our national
debt. By reforming food aid, we can reach more people in need, while at the same
time saving hundreds of millions of dollars", Royce said.

Since 1954, U.S. international food aid programs have helped feed more than 3
billion people and promoted food security in more than 150 countries, according
to USAID.

Earlier in May, the House and Senate agriculture committees reauthorized the
food aid program but left it largely intact in the agriculture budget.

The Senate then voted to make modest changes to the food aid delivery system,
but in a scaled-back version of Obama's proposed overhaul.

House and Senate negotiators next must agree on a compromise before sending it
for final congressional action and then, if approved by both chambers again, to
the president for signature or veto.

For more information please visit: http://london.usembassy.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              421 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               February 26, 2000

New policy urged to replace 'damage-control'

BYLINE: By

SECTION: Agriculture: USA, Pg.21

LENGTH: 348 words


DETAILS of America's new farm regime have emerged, with one Government official
saying that the country cannot simply keep lurching from one expensive bailout
to another.

Gus Schumacher, under secretary at the US Department of Agriculture, said: "It's
expensive, it's inefficient, it's hard on our farmers, it's hard on our
overworked USDA staff and it's hard on the taxpayers.

"It is time to move beyond annual damage-control to a stable policy that helps
farmers prepare for disasters and price downturns, invest in long-term market
development and export-promotion programmes and gives them the tools they need
to thrive - not just survive."

Mr Schumacher said America's Freedom to Farm Act - hailed in 1996 as a
revolutionary approach to agricultural support - had caused considerable
uncertainty in the countryside, forcing the administration to plough in more
than GBP 15billion in emergency aid in the last two years.  There was little
support for its continuation.

Now under consideration, and the package most likely to emerge, is the injection
of about GBP 6billion to provide an improved safety net for US farmers until the
Act's end in 2002.

It would help farmers through their current difficulties, said Mr Schumacher.

He added: "We need a firmer kitchen chair with a stronger back for America's
farmers. In essence, our proposal moves US farm policy in a new direction from
ad hoc emergency aid to reliable, counter-cyclical assistance that makes
planning easier for farmers.

"It also takes aid, unrelated to need, to assistance that is targeted to small
and medium-size producers during times of greatest need and from a fragmented
system to a more holistic and national approach that covers more commodities,
more producers and more regions of the country - and includes additional
conservation efforts and expanded crop insurance.

"This plan would help prevent costly, ad hoc emergency assistance bills like the
ones we've passed for the past two years. Instead, a plan for assistance would
already be in place, ready to kick in when farmers need help."

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Press and Journal

                              422 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

BRIEF: USDA: Counties in Grand Forks region qualify for aid

BYLINE: Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 134 words


Dec. 20--Several counties in the Grand Forks region have been designated primary
natural disaster areas by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Since the start of the year, farmers have suffered losses caused by multiple
disasters that ranged from spring snowstorms and flooding to hail damage and
weather-related insect infestations, the department said.

Counties included in the disaster listing include Benson, Cavalier, Grand Forks,
Nelson, Pembina, Ramsey, Traill and Walsh.

Counties adjacent to these are also eligible for federal aid, including Griggs
and Steele in North Dakota and Kittson, Marshall, Norman and Polk in Minnesota.

___ (c)2013 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131220-GF-BRF-USDA-Counties-in-Grand-Forks-region-qualify-for-aid
-1220-20131220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2013 Grand Forks Herald

                              423 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            December 14, 2012 Friday

Lancaster Farmland Trust Gets$10,000 From Farm Aid Concert

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 207  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


The Lancaster Farmland Trust will benefit from Farm Aid's 2012 concert
profits---- to the tune of $10,000.

The award, announced Wednesday by Farm Aid in Cambridge, Mass., will support the
trust's Next Generation Farming Initiative.

LFT was one of 67 family farm and rural service organizations nationwide given
$532,300 in all.

A total of $49,000 is being handed over to farmers and organizations pursuing
sustainable farming and ag education and local food systems in Pennsylvania,
where the 27th annual Farm Aid concert was held Sept. 22 at Hersheypark Stadium.

Legendary musicians and founding Farm Aid board members Willie Nelson, Neil
Young and John Mellencamp were featured at the sold-out, all-day event. The bill
also included artists Kenny Chesney and Dave Matthews, a board member who began
playing Farm Aid concerts in 1995.

The trust received its grant under Farm Aid's "Helping Farmers Thrive" category.

Other Pennsylvania grant recipients included the Pennsylvania Association for
Sustainable Agriculture in Millheim, which received a total of $20,500; Rodale
Institute, Kutztown, "$10,000; and The Seed Farm, Allentown, $7,500.

In addition, according to Farm Aid, three Pennsylvania farm families in crisis
received grants of $500 each.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              424 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 27, 1992, Tuesday, FIRST EDITION

USDA SCHOLARSHIPS

BYLINE: David Landis

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 166 words


The Agriculture Department announced Monday a $ 2.8 million scholarship fund for
students at 17 historically black land-grant colleges and universities. The
four-year National Scholars Program, offering at least 34 scholarships a year,
is open to students studying agriculture or related subjects at the 17 mostly
Southern schools. Participating students must agree to work one year for USDA
for each year of scholarship.

 MUNCH-OFF: The sixth Ziploc National Sandwich Day Contest for young chefs will
be served up Nov. 17 at Carnegie Deli in Beverly Hills. The finalists: Avocado,
Ham and Slaw Sandwich, Ineke Pakendorf, Duluth, Minn.; Peanut Butter Blitz,
Jared Margulis, Fort Lauderdale; Turkey Treat, Katie Duckett, Portsmouth, Va.;
Romanus Deluxe (smoked salmon and veggies), Romanus McDavid, Oklahoma City; One
Bad Sandwich (ham, cheese and pizza sauce), Brian Davis, San Jose; All Mixed Up
(pickles, cheese, pepperoni, shrimp and more), Josh Hamilton, Shelbyville, Ind.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Lifeline

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              425 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            December 4, 2006 Monday
                                  City Edition

Coburn plans to block ag disaster aid bill

BYLINE: Chris Casteel, Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 785 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - Though he favors helping some farmers hit hard by the drought and
other weather problems, U.S. Sen. Tom Coburn plans to block an attempt this week
to approve nearly $4.5 billion in agriculture disaster aid.

Coburn, R-Muskogee, said the aid package pushed by some Midwestern senators is
too large and would cover too many producers.

He said aid should be targeted at those who weren't able to plant a crop, not
for crop losses that could have been covered by federally subsidized insurance.

And he said any aid should be paid for by cutting spending in other areas.

"If we're going to do relief for the farmers, we can't say, 'We'll take care of
you and give the bill to your grandkids,'" Coburn said.

A Senate vote could come Tuesday on an aid package proposed by Sen. Kent Conrad,
D-N.D., who pared his request from nearly $5 billion to about $4.5 billion.

Conrad is expected to offer his proposal as an amendment to the annual
agriculture appropriations bill.

Coburn said he will try to block Conrad's package on a procedural move, raising
the point that its cost is not offset by cuts elsewhere.

If that fails, he said, he'll try to cut other parts of the agriculture spending
bill.

In debate on the Senate floor two weeks ago, Conrad defended his package, saying
it is intended to cover two years of flooding, drought and fires that ravaged
crops in several states.

Conrad said, "This is not some outsized disaster assistance legislation; it is
bare bones. ... We are down to $4.5 billion, as we have taken out things the
White House said they would object to. We took out the energy provisions, for a
savings of $1.8 billion. We stripped out some of the support for small
businesses for a savings of $215 million."

He said the package would cover anybody who had a loss of at least 35 percent
and that it still only would cover a percentage of the loss.

"The bankers of my state have told me if this kind of assistance is not
forthcoming, 5 to 10 percent of the farmers and ranchers in our state will go
out of business, not because of any fault of theirs, but because of the most
incredible swing in weather that we have ever seen," Conrad said.

In the House, Rep. Frank Lucas, R-Cheyenne, has been pushing for a $3.3 billion
aid package.

In an interview last week, Lucas said parts of Oklahoma still are "desperately
short of moisture," and the aid could mean the difference for producers who lost
crops in 2005 and this year.

"In my home county (Roger Mills), the wheat crop was a total failure," he said.

Though the aid could be months - or even more than a year - after the losses
were incurred, Lucas said that's not necessarily unusual for federal disaster
aid and still could determine whether some producers survive.

"It never becomes irrelevant" whether they get the aid, he said, since the
losses can affect their long-term viability.

Coburn said he didn't know how much of a disaster package he would support, and
he is having staff members analyze losses and various factors involved,
including crop insurance coverage.

"Why have a crop insurance program if you're not going to require them to buy
it?" Coburn asked.

"Those that couldn't plant, we ought to help them, and we can help them. But we
have to pay for it."

Spending bills in limbo

The debate over the aid package could be academic if congressional leaders
determine that no more spending bills can be finished and sent to the White
House before Congress adjourns for the year.

Lawmakers again failed to get most of their spending bills completed this year,
and there was speculation that the remaining ones would be combined into one
bill, as has been done in previous years.

However, after the elections swept Republicans from power in both houses, the
talk turned to pushing off the tough work until January, when the Democrats
officially take over.

Coburn and other conservative senators didn't want a single spending bill
because of the tendency for such bills to get loaded with so-called pork barrel
projects.

"I don't want an omnibus bill," Coburn said. "There are way too many earmarks in
there."

He said it would be "much better" to approve a resolution that will continue
federal spending at current levels until February.

Then, he said, lawmakers could do the necessary work on the individual spending
bills.

And he said an agricultural assistance plan could be developed.

Lucas isn't optimistic an agriculture disaster package could be approved in the
remaining few days that Congress will meet this year. All the signals coming out
of the Senate, he said, indicate that real spending decisions would be delayed
until next year.

"It means the new majority will have to finish up the budget process," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Muskogee
Photo 2: Rep. Frank Lucas
The Republican from Cheyenne has been pushing for a $3.3 billion aid package.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              426 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             May 6, 1993, Thursday

US OFFICIALS: RUSSIAN PORTS ADD TO COST OF GRAIN AID

BYLINE: WILLIAM DiBENEDETTO; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 634 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Clinton administration officials and House members, discussing high U.S. carrier
costs to transport grain to Russia, attributed much of the blame Wednesday to
discriminatory delays and congestion at former Soviet ports, unfair or
unanticipated delivery requirements and pressures from the "Russian mafia."

U.S. carrier representatives said Russian chaos and U.S. government practices
push up freight rates, but added that the difference between U.S. and foreign
transportation rates to Russia are not as great as has been portrayed. Sources
have reported bids as high as $ 138 a ton, compared to foreign rates of 25 a
ton.

Still others crowding into a House appropriations panel's review of the
transportation costs surrounding the $ 700 million aid package to Russia
Wednesday were critical of the cargo preference law, which reserves the bulk of
the aid for U.S. bottoms.

Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, said it involved "nothing less than legalized
piracy" for the "welfare queens of the sea."

Members of two House Appropriations Committee subcommittees - Agriculture, Rural
Development Food and Drug Administration, and Commerce, Justice, State and
Judiciary - tried to sort through a blur of explanations and rate quotations in
an attempt to understand why some $ 200 million of the Russian aid package will
go to pay for the cost of transporting it.

After a full morning of testimony it was unclear whether they had made much
progress.

Members said port conditions probably do not fully explain the cost
differential, but that they will instruct the Department of Agriculture to
negotiate for better port conditions in Russia.

"I'm going to recommend that there be a direct communication from Congress to
the Russian officials" about our port concerns. "This might help move them to
follow some our recommendations," said Rep. Richard Durbin, D-Ill., chairman of
the agriculture subcommittee.

Christopher Goldthwait, acting general sales manager and assistant administrator
for export credits at the Agriculture Department, said the final package is not
yet signed and that fine-tuning on port conditions will be negotiated.

"I'm trying to discern how a foreign carrier can charge $ 25 a ton and the U.S.
carrier can charge $ 80," Rep. Durbin said.

"We've been concerned about getting the costs down," said Richard E. Bowman,
acting administrator of the Maritime Administration, "but there is a difference
and there will continue to be a difference" between U.S. and foreign costs.

High rates "represent risks inherent in the current market. They do not
represent rate-gouging," Mr. Bowman said.

He said there "clearly are problems in the Russian trade that have caused
freight rates to rise." The increases "are caused by a combination of port
congestion, costly contracting firms and vessel discrimination" at three ports,
Novo Tallinn (in Estonia), St. Petersburg and Novarassysk, he said.

"Arbitrary port restrictions force larger, efficient vessels to lighter cargo or
to pay 'fees' to get into larger berths," Mr. Bowman said. Those costs add
significantly - from $ 35 a ton to $ 40 a ton - to U.S. carrier costs but are
generally not included in a foreign operator's tender.

That prompted a series of questions about whether carriers must resort to paying
bribes in Russian ports so they can be first on line to unload cargo or get a
preferred berth. "I'm not sure but we sense they are," said Mr. Bowman.

Asked if there is a pattern of discrimination against U.S. vessels, Mr. Bowman
replied, "I believe it's possible." But Mr. Goldthwait said, "No, I do not;
there's no evidence of it."

"There is a mafia in Russia, and the fees are indeed bribes," said Rep. Pete
Peterson, D-Fla. "The Russian government won't be surprised when you talk about
it."

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                              427 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 28, 2002 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Disease Hits California Poultry

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E02

LENGTH: 640 words


California destroyed 100,000 chickens and quarantined poultry in three southern
counties because of an outbreak of exotic Newcastle disease, which is deadly to
poultry but cannot be contracted by humans. The state Department of Food and
Agriculture and the U.S. Department of Agriculture prohibited the movement of
all poultry, poultry products and nesting materials from Los Angeles County and
parts of Riverside and San Bernardino counties. A statewide outbreak of the
disease in the early 1970s threatened the entire U.S. poultry and egg supply and
led authorities to destroy nearly 12 million chickens.

China plans to start mass-producing anti-AIDS drugs next month, the state-run
New China News Agency said. It did not disclose which drugs will be made but
said the price will be about a tenth that of imported drugs, which cost $ 3,600
per person each year. The per capita annual income in China is $ 700. Health
officials said 1 million people in China are infected with the AIDS virus. China
has already begun treating patients with a domestically produced version of the
anti-AIDS drug AZT, for which patents recently expired. Ten Chinese firms have
applied for permission to make generic versions of anti-AIDS drugs with expired
patents.

J.P. Morgan Chase cut stock options for most employees by more than half.
Full-time workers at the second-biggest U.S. bank each will get 150 stock
options when bonuses are handed out in February, employees were told in a memo.
This year, full-time employees each received 375 options. The reduced options
award reflects J.P. Morgan's declining stock price and the fact that earnings
have fallen seven of the past eight quarters because of rising loan defaults,
investment losses and the bankruptcies of loan customers.

Help-wanted advertising in major U.S. newspapers was at its lowest level in
almost 40 years in November, the Conference Board said. The volume of job ads is
one indication of demand for labor, although many employers also now advertise
for help through online services.

Bidding for a decrepit Northern California town closed at nearly $ 1.8 million
on eBay. If the deal goes through, 82 acres of Bridgeville will go to the
unidentified buyer who bid just seconds before the Internet auction closed.
Almost 250 bids were placed during the month the town was up for bids. The town
includes a mile and a half of riverbank, a cemetery, more than a dozen cabins
and houses and a post office with Zip code 95526.

Argentina's Senate approved a 2003 budget and ratified former J.P. Morgan
economist Alfonso Prat-Gay as chief of the nation's central bank. The government
said the national unemployment rate fell to 17.8 percent, down nearly 7
percentage points from its highest rate ever, in May. President Eduardo
Duhalde's government is seeking an aid agreement that would roll over some of
the $ 141 billion in foreign debt that Argentina defaulted on last December
after the International Monetary Fund stopped lending it money.

Ethan Allen Interiors opened its first store in Asia -- a showroom in Tianjin,
China. Ethan Allen, the largest U.S. furniture retailer, has an agreement with
the Chinese company Markor Furniture International to develop a chain of stores
in China. Ethan Allen has more than 300 stores, 23 of which are outside the
United States.

WorldCom's losses nearly doubled in October from the previous month, according
to a bankruptcy court filing. The phone company lost $ 234 million in October,
compared with a loss of $ 108 million in September. Revenue stabilized at $ 2.3
billion. WorldCom got permission in October to borrow up to $ 1.1 billion to run
its business while planning its emergence from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.

Compiled from reports by the Associated Press, Bloomberg News, Dow Jones News
Service and Washington Post staff writers

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post

                              428 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Sacramento Bee (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                            August 3, 2006 Thursday

Governor asks for federal aid: Heat help sought for farmers and poor

BYLINE: Jim Downing, The Sacramento Bee, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 505 words


Aug. 3--Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, who toured a Fresno County dairy farm
Wednesday to see the impact of a July heat wave, has already requested federal
disaster relief for producers who sustained losses, state officials said.

California Secretary of Food and Agriculture A.G. Kawamura declined to speculate
about monetary losses to the state's crop and dairy operations, saying that a
meaningful estimate may not be possible for months.

Dairy cows can take months to recover from heat stress, and the damage to many
crops can't be assessed until harvest time, Kawamura said. But Western United
Dairymen, which represents 60 percent of the state dairy industry, has pegged
losses at more than $1 billion.

Separately, the governor on Wednesday requested additional federal funding for a
state-administered program that helps low-income residents to insulate their
homes and pay electricity bills associated with running air conditioners.

In past years in which California has requested these home emergency funds, it
has received between $5 million and $12 million, according to Lloyd Throne,
director of the state Department of Community Services and Development.

If approved, the emergency funds would add to the $91 million already granted to
the state this year for the program, which is known as the Low Income Home
Energy Assistance Program.

Earlier this week, Schwarzenegger sent letters to Mike Johanns, secretary of the
U.S. Department of Agriculture, seeking the disaster aid and wrote Sen. Barbara
Boxer, D-Calif., to request that she continue to work on the state's behalf,
according to Food and Agriculture spokesman Jay Van Rein.

The first letter amounts to an official report that the state has sustained
significant agricultural damage and is in need of an unspecified amount of
federal assistance. The governor is also dispatching Kawamura to Washington to
lobby for aid.

Eight county boards of supervisors declared states of emergency during the hot
spell in July, but Schwarzenegger did not declare a statewide emergency. Van
Rein said that the counties did not request additional state assistance beyond
what was already being offered.

Fresno County released a livestock and milk damage estimate of $84 million on
Wednesday afternoon. Officials cited the loss of 100 head of beef cattle, 2,252
dairy cows, 2,464 dairy calves, 63 million gallons worth of long-term milk
production, 58,000 turkeys and 270,000 chickens.

No other counties have provided a detailed accounting of losses, Van Rein said.

Heat's toll on dairies

16,500: Estimated number of dairy cows that died during the heat wave.

$1 billion: Expected monetary losses.

10%: The percentage of milk production that was cut by the heat wave.

Source: Fresno Bee

Copyright (c) 2006, The Sacramento Bee, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060803-SA-0803-Governor-asks-for-federal-aid

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SA


                         Copyright 2006 Sacramento Bee

                              429 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                      Aid

                                1 Crossroads Dr
                               Trenton,  NJ 08691
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 609-838-2216
URL: http://www.aidpe.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 20130756

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ASTM
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Aid is a company focussed on Solutions, General Services, Inspection Services,
Milling, Testing Services, and 5 other Product & Service categories tracked by
NetWise Data. Aid does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automotive
Industries, as well as 15 other major Manufacturing Industries. Aid has at least
3 business locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "AID
is a consulting engineering firm that specialize in state of the art Non
destructive testing (NDT) techniques used to analyse ageing Infrastructure
including; roads, bridges and airports to then offer design solutions to the
client. AID also provide Geotechnical engineering analysis and design services.
AID is based in hamilton New Jersey."

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
81311000
SIC CODES:
86610000
CAGE CODES:
5DT42
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Solutions


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    General Services
     ·    Inspection Services
     ·    Milling
     ·    Testing Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Composites


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
DIVERSITY BUSINESS:  DoT Certified Disadvantaged Business Enterprise, Women
Owned Business


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Accelerometers, Analyzers, Antennas, Asphalt Mixers, Asphalt
Plants, Auger Bits, Augers, Bearings, Bridge Decks, Brochures, Capes, Chemicals,
Cofferdams, Compactors, Composites, Concrete Boxes, Cradles, Curbs, Decks,
Garages, General Services, Groundwater, Guides, Inspection Services, Jerseys,
Lasers, Lifts, Lights, Measures, Milling, Ovens, Overalls, Overlays, Patches,
Penetrometers, Pictures, Posts, Profiles, Ramps, Rebar, Retaining Walls, Scopes,
Shears, Sieves, Signals, Solutions, Tables, Testers, Testing Services,
Ultrasonics, Wall Systems

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              430 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

BRIEF: Erie disaster designation to aid Crawford, Warren counties

BYLINE: Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 228 words


Nov. 16--The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated Erie County as a
natural disaster area due to excessive rain from May 1 through June 28.

That qualifies Crawford and Warren counties for federal natural disaster
assistance, according to U.S. Rep. Glenn Thompson, R-5th Dist.

Producers in both primary and contiguous counties are eligible to be considered
for Farm Service Agency, emergency loans, and the Supplemental Revenue
Assistance Program.

The Supplemental Revenue Assistance Program was approved as part of the Food,
Conservation and Energy Act of 2008, and was implemented on Jan. 4, 2010.

Food, Conservation and Energy Act officials will consider each emergency loan
application by evaluating the extent of losses, security available and repayment
ability.

Applicants in eligible counties have eight months from the date of the
declaration to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses. Local
Food, Conservation and Energy Act offices can provide affected individuals with
additional information.

For information, contact the Crawford Farm Service Agency, 14699 N. Main St., in
Meadville, at (814) 336-2127, Ext. 2, or the Warren Farm Service Agency, 265
Holiday Inn Road, in Clarion, at (814) 226-8160.

___ (c)2011 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111116-EI-BRF-Erie-disaster-designation-to-aid
-Crawford-Warren-counties-1116-20111116

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2011 Erie Times-News

                              431 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            October 12, 2004 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Drought aid goes to Bush

BYLINE: ART HOVEY, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 639 words


$2.9 billion package offset by cuts in conservation funds.

The Senate completed a torturous trip toward drought relief Monday by attaching
$2.9 billion in federal aid to a military construction bill. The House took
similar action over the weekend.

Senate concurrence clears the way for President Bush's signature on legislation
that could provide $150 million or more to Nebraska farmers and ranchers for
weather losses in 2003 and 2004.

A voice vote in the Senate ended arguments with House Republicans who held firm
on demands that the latest emergency aid for agriculture be offset with cuts in
future spending on soil and water conservation.

Most of the drought punishment inflicted in Nebraska in 2004 is in the western
third of the state. Brad Hansen of Hemingford said he wouldn't know how much his
corn crop had been hurt by a moisture deficit and an unseasonably cool summer
until it was harvested.

"Every little bit will help, of course," Hansen said of the final course set by
Congress on Monday. "I guess the bad thing about it is this $3 billion comes out
of agriculture. It's being offset out of agriculture itself."

Allowing crop and livestock producers to choose either 2003 or 2004 for their
aid applications is significant in Nebraska because all of the state's 93
counties carried federal drought disaster declarations last year.

The area of impact is much smaller this year.  The Nebraska Agricultural
Statistics Service will provide an October update today on earlier predictions
of a record corn crop.

John Hansen, president of the Nebraska Farmers Union, defended the efforts of
Nebraska Sen. Ben Nelson, Rep. Tom Osborne and others to add drought relief to a
larger package that routes about $11.6 billion to victims of a series of Florida
hurricanes.

But Hansen also conceded some possible political overtones. "I suppose the fact
that this is an election year certainly had something to do with why we were
able to make this thing work," he said.

No matter what the motivation, "we're extremely pleased that folks that need
help are going to be getting some, and we hope it's in a timely fashion. And the
reason we fought so hard for it is this amount of disaster assistance may well
decide if people stay in business and stay in production agriculture or not."

Both Hansen and Rob Robertson of the Nebraska Farm Bureau Federation voiced
displeasure with cutting conservation funding to pay for the aid.

Still, "some money is better than no money," Robertson said. "It's a true
disaster out there in western Nebraska because of the drought."

He cited "all kinds of problems with alfalfa and corn being frozen." Also, "the
wheat had been frozen earlier this year."

Traci Bruckner of the Nebraska Center for Rural Affairs also objected to offsets
and spending cuts in the Conservation Security Program.

"Why don't they look at cutting payments to mega-farmers, who use unlimited
commodity payments to drive their neighbors off the farm?" Bruckner said.

Cutting conservation funding undermines some of the gains made for agriculture
in the 2002 farm bill, she said.

"They're not following through on the agreement they passed and the president
signed."

Reach Art Hovey at 523-4949 or ahovey@alltel.net

OTHER ACTION

The Senate gave final approval and sent to President Bush a bill to close
egregious tax loopholes, reduce taxes for domestic producers and dole out scores
of breaks for interests from tackle box makers to Native Alaskan whaling
captains.

The most significant corporate tax legislation is more than two decades includes
$143 billion in tax breaks over 10 years, offset by loophole closures and other
revenue raisers. The House also has approved the bill, and President Bush is
expected to sign it.

The Senate also approved funding for homeland security and military building for
the fiscal year that began Oct. 1.

Story, 3A

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved

                              432 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                             International Aid Inc.

                                17011 Hickory St
                             Spring Lake,  MI 49456
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 616-846-7490
URL: http://www.internationalaid.org/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/Intaid
http://www.facebook.com/pages/International-Aid-Inc/58479641999
http://www.linkedin.com/company/international-aid
http://www.youtube.com/intaid
https://twitter.com/intaid

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 3078632

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
International Aid Inc. is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on
Containers, Springs, Crates, Shipping Containers, Cyclones, and 9 other Product
& Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. International Aid Inc. does
business in the Agriculture, Automotive, and Biomedical Industries, as well as
22 other major Manufacturing Industries.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Religious Organizations

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
81311000
SIC CODES:
86990000
CAGE CODES:
3QGK5
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Containers
     ·    Springs
     ·    Crates
     ·    Shipping Containers
     ·    Springs


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Containers
     ·    Cyclones
     ·    Scrubs
     ·    Sinks
     ·    Crates
     ·    Shipping Containers


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging
     ·    Rentals


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Albumin
     ·    Bleaches
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Indium
     ·    Nitrogen
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Ureas


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Centrifuges


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Albumin, Beds, Belts, Bladders, Bleaches, Boots, Brushes,
Buses, Calendars, Caterers, Centrifuges, Channels, Cleaners, Cleaning Supplies,
Clothing, Colorimeters, Columbium, Concentrators, Containers, Cord, Cotton,
Cotton Yarns, Couches, Crates, Credit Cards, Cuffs, Cyclones, Debit Cards,
Defibrillators, Diapers, Dust Masks, Electricity, Electronic Thermometers,
Feeds, Felt, Filters, Flats, Furniture, Games, Generators, Globes, Gowns,
Helicopters, Indium, Jerseys, Latex Gloves, Lights, Masks, Measures, Metal
Detectors, Microscopes, Mobile Clinics, Nets, Nitrogen, Overalls, Oxygen, Oxygen
Concentrators, Packaging, Paper Plates, Paper Products, Pens, Pharmaceutical,
Pharmaceuticals, Pickup Trucks, Pictures, Plastic Bags, Plastics, Platforms,
Posts, Power Supplies, Quilts, Ramps, Reagents, Registers, Rentals, Rounds,
Scales, Scrubs, Shelters, Shipping Containers, Shoes, Sinks, Sleeves, Snacks,
Soap, Solutions, Sprays, Springs, Stethoscopes, Stools, T-Shirts, Tables, Tarps,
Telephones, Thermometers, Thread, Toilet Paper, Toilets, Towels, Traffic Lights,
Ureas, Washcloths, Water Filters, Wooden Shoes, Work Gloves, X-Ray, Yarns, Zees

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              433 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            December 4, 2006 Monday
                                  City Edition

Coburn plans to block ag disaster aid bill

BYLINE: Chris Casteel, Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 785 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Though he favors helping some farmers hit hard by the drought and
other weather problems, U.S. Sen. Tom Coburn plans to block an attempt this week
to approve nearly $4.5 billion in agriculture disaster aid.

Coburn, R-Muskogee, said the aid package pushed by some Midwestern senators is
too large and would cover too many producers.

He said aid should be targeted at those who weren't able to plant a crop, not
for crop losses that could have been covered by federally subsidized insurance.

And he said any aid should be paid for by cutting spending in other areas.

"If we're going to do relief for the farmers, we can't say, 'We'll take care of
you and give the bill to your grandkids,'" Coburn said.

A Senate vote could come Tuesday on an aid package proposed by Sen. Kent Conrad,
D-N.D., who pared his request from nearly $5 billion to about $4.5 billion.

Conrad is expected to offer his proposal as an amendment to the annual
agriculture appropriations bill.

Coburn said he will try to block Conrad's package on a procedural move, raising
the point that its cost is not offset by cuts elsewhere.

If that fails, he said, he'll try to cut other parts of the agriculture spending
bill.

In debate on the Senate floor two weeks ago, Conrad defended his package, saying
it is intended to cover two years of flooding, drought and fires that ravaged
crops in several states.

Conrad said, "This is not some outsized disaster assistance legislation; it is
bare bones. ... We are down to $4.5 billion, as we have taken out things the
White House said they would object to. We took out the energy provisions, for a
savings of $1.8 billion. We stripped out some of the support for small
businesses for a savings of $215 million."

He said the package would cover anybody who had a loss of at least 35 percent
and that it still only would cover a percentage of the loss.

"The bankers of my state have told me if this kind of assistance is not
forthcoming, 5 to 10 percent of the farmers and ranchers in our state will go
out of business, not because of any fault of theirs, but because of the most
incredible swing in weather that we have ever seen," Conrad said.

In the House, Rep. Frank Lucas, R-Cheyenne, has been pushing for a $3.3 billion
aid package.

In an interview last week, Lucas said parts of Oklahoma still are "desperately
short of moisture," and the aid could mean the difference for producers who lost
crops in 2005 and this year.

"In my home county (Roger Mills), the wheat crop was a total failure," he said.

Though the aid could be months -- or even more than a year -- after the losses
were incurred, Lucas said that's not necessarily unusual for federal disaster
aid and still could determine whether some producers survive.

"It never becomes irrelevant" whether they get the aid, he said, since the
losses can affect their long-term viability.

Coburn said he didn't know how much of a disaster package he would support, and
he is having staff members analyze losses and various factors involved,
including crop insurance coverage.

"Why have a crop insurance program if you're not going to require them to buy
it?" Coburn asked.

"Those that couldn't plant, we ought to help them, and we can help them. But we
have to pay for it."

Spending bills in limbo

The debate over the aid package could be academic if congressional leaders
determine that no more spending bills can be finished and sent to the White
House before Congress adjourns for the year.

Lawmakers again failed to get most of their spending bills completed this year,
and there was speculation that the remaining ones would be combined into one
bill, as has been done in previous years.

However, after the elections swept Republicans from power in both houses, the
talk turned to pushing off the tough work until January, when the Democrats
officially take over.

Coburn and other conservative senators didn't want a single spending bill
because of the tendency for such bills to get loaded with so-called pork barrel
projects.

"I don't want an omnibus bill," Coburn said. "There are way too many earmarks in
there."

He said it would be "much better" to approve a resolution that will continue
federal spending at current levels until February.

Then, he said, lawmakers could do the necessary work on the individual spending
bills.

And he said an agricultural assistance plan could be developed.

Lucas isn't optimistic an agriculture disaster package could be approved in the
remaining few days that Congress will meet this year. All the signals coming out
of the Senate, he said, indicate that real spending decisions would be delayed
until next year.

"It means the new majority will have to finish up the budget process," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Muskogee
Photo 2: Rep. Frank Lucas
The Republican from Cheyenne has been pushing for a $3.3 billion aid package.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              434 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     June 17, 1993, Thursday, City Edition

WIC seeks more mothers, children

BYLINE: ROGER CLENDENING II

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 412 words



County health officials want more people to take advantage of a federally
financed nutrition program for mothers and children.

The Women, Infants and Children program is operated by the Pasco County  Health
Department and financed by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. It  provides
pregnant women, new mothers, infants and children ages 5 and younger  with
nutrition education, access to medical care and food supplements.

Officials want to increase WIC enrollment from 8,500 to 10,000 clients by
September, said Clara Law-head, WIC director for Pasco County.

"Historically, Florida has way underserved its potential caseload," she  said.
"We're going to rise to the challenge."

The push for more clients stems from a recent increase in funding, Lawhead
said.

"Florida has been identified as one of the target states based on the  increase
in new residents. Because of this population increase, (the USDA) has  earmarked
WIC funds for those growth states," which also include Texas and  California,
she said.

Food supplements are purchased with WIC checks. Eligibility is based on  income
and medical need. Walk-in clients might be evaluated the same day they  come in.
"In WIC, we get them in real quick," Lawhead said.

Several obstacles have prevented the program from reaching its potential,  she
said.

"Barriers to the WIC program . . . include lack of public transportation,  time
delays in making appointments and lack of awareness," she said, adding  that she
hopes the increase in funds will help solve some of these problems.

"The biggest barrier is the lack of understanding," she said. "I suspect  that
many people think of us as a welfare program, which is not the case. . .  . We
are charged with the responsibility of ensuring that WIC clients get  necessary
medical help somewhere."

WIC has six offices in Pasco County. Their locations, phone numbers and  times
of operation:

Dade City, 602 S 17th St., (904) 521-1453, weekdays, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Hudson, 11511 Denton Ave., (813) 863-8034, Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday,  8:15
to 11:45 a.m. and 1 to 3:45 p.m.

Land O'Lakes, 9930 Land O'Lakes Blvd., (813) 996-3703, Thursday and  Friday, 8
a.m. to 4:30 p.m.

New Port Richey, 10841 Little Road, (813) 862-0782, weekdays, 8 a.m. to  4:30
p.m.; and 610 Forest Ave., (813) 849-0237, Tuesday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 4  p.m.

Zephyrhills, 39048 Alston Ave., (813) 788-6274, Tuesday-Friday, 8:45 a.m.  to 4
p.m.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company

                              435 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                               Agrilectric Power

                                3063 Highway 397
                            Lake Charles,  LA 70615
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 337-430-0006
URL: http://www.agrilectric.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 21146219

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ISO 9001
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Agrilectric Power is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on Filter Aids,
Filters, Milling, Packaging, and 4 other Product & Service categories tracked by
NetWise Data. Agrilectric Power does business in the Agriculture, Biomedical,
and Chemistry Industries, as well as 21 other major Manufacturing Industries.
Agrilectric Power has at least 3 business locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; Biotechnology

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Filter Aids
     ·    Filters
     ·    Filter Aids
     ·    Filters


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Filter Aids
     ·    Filters
     ·    Filter Aids
     ·    Filters


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Milling
     ·    Packaging


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Adsorbents
     ·    Amorphous Silica
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Carbon Dioxide
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Gases
     ·    Methane
     ·    Silica
     ·    Soil Amendments
     ·    Steel


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Machinery


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Additives, Adsorbents, Amorphous Silica,
Backgrounds, Boilers, Briefs, Carbon, Carbon Dioxide, Cellulose, Cement,
Chemicals, Cleaners, Containers, Electrical Equipment, Filter Aids, Filters,
Fire Extinguishers, Fire Hose, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Forklifts, Gases,
Generators, Grasses, Greenhouses, Insulation, Insulators, Lights, Logbooks,
Machinery, Methane, Milling, Overalls, Packaging, Packaging Materials, Power
Plants, Rotating Equipment, Rounds, Safety Equipment, Sheets, Silica, Soil
Amendments, Soil Conditioners, Solutions, Steel, Storage Containers, Test
Equipment, Wastewater Treatment

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              436 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           October 18, 2007 Thursday

Veto seals N.D. as a pioneer for hemp

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 651 words


In the hemp-growing world, hip, countercultural California is eating North
Dakota's dust.

For the second year in a row, California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has vetoed a
bill that would have created state guidelines for farmers wishing to grow hemp.
North Dakota passed a similar hemp guidelines law during the 2007 session with
bipartisan support from lawmakers, Republican Gov. John Hoeven and Democratic
Agriculture Commissioner Roger Johnson.

The law outlines a state permitting process for hemp, which is extensively
regulated by the federal government because of its relation to marijuana. Hemp,
a coarse fibrous plant with much lower THC levels than its intoxicating cousin,
is used to make everything from soap to clothes.

North Dakota has gained the spotlight from hemp advocacy groups such as Vote
Hemp as the national leader on pushing to let U.S. farmers grow the crop. David
Monson, a farmer and Republican state legislator from Osnabrock who's suing the
federal government for not letting him grow hemp under North Dakota's new law,
was recently profiled in the New York Times.

The spotlight could have shone on California.

In 2006, California legislators approved a similar law but could not get it past
Schwarzenegger. In his veto message this year - which was issued last week
-Schwarzenegger said he's worried that the bill would tax law enforcement
resources and create murkiness in the face of the federal government's
disapproval.

"Unfortunately, I am very concerned that this bill would give legitimate growers
a false sense of security and a belief that production of 'industrial hemp' is
somehow a legal activity under federal law," he wrote to legislators.

Conrad touts deal

Fresh off behind-the-scenes negotiations on the farm bill, Sen. Kent Conrad,
D-N.D., touted a deal Wednesday that he said will secure permanent disaster aid
and more favorable price supports for Midwestern crops.

Conrad, as Senate budget chairman, was part of a small circle of negotiators
that also included Agriculture Committee Chairman Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa and
the committee's ranking Republican, Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia.

"I believe (the deal) will get an overwhelming bipartisan majority," Conrad said
in an interview Wednesday. "I think we're well positioned to get the farm bill
done this year."

The farm bill, which is up for renewal every five years, is the nation's main
statement of agriculture policy. It deals with everything from crop subsidies to
land conservation, nutrition programs and the promotion of biofuels.

This year's bill must still officially pass though the Senate committee process,
be voted on by the full Senate, and be reconciled with a House version that
passed this summer. Conrad said he expects the process to go smoothly because
the Democratic majority included Republicans in the negotiation process that
concluded this week.

The inclusion of permanent disaster aid in that process can be viewed as a
victory for states such as North Dakota and Montana. The aid would pre-empt the
need for a separate bill when there's a drought or other disaster.

Harkin and other senators from less drought-prone parts of the Midwest had
initially opposed the idea, calling it too expensive and too geographically
concentrated in its benefits. Conrad said he and colleagues made "a powerful
case" that earthquakes, hurricanes and tornadoes have an effect on crop outcomes
even in areas without many droughts.

The deal also unwinds some of the crop subsidy favoritism toward cotton and rice
enacted in past congressional sessions that were controlled by Southern
lawmakers. It improves the support payment levels for crops like wheat, barley,
oats and soybeans.

It proposes to spend $2.8 billion on energy development, $4.5 billion for
conservation and $4.2 billion on nutrition programs such as food stamps.

(Reach reporter Jonathan Rivoli at 223-8482 or
jonathan.rivoli@bismarcktribune.com.)

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              437 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           September 16, 2012 Sunday

Farm Aid: Hershey

BYLINE: By John Duffy

SECTION: E; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1174  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Continued from 1

For just over a quarter-century, Farm Aid has used pop music to try to help fix
some of the problems in American agriculture: the disappearance of family farms,
the corporatization of food, and the widening gap between producers and
consumers.

The nonprofit organization will bring its annual fundraising concert to
Hersheypark Stadium on Saturday, Sept. 22, to once again share its message in a
very public way. Performers will include founders Willie Nelson, John Mellencamp
and Neil Young, as well as Dave Matthews, Animal Liberation Orchestra, Kenny
Chesney, Jack Johnson, Pegi Young & the Survivors, and Lukas Nelson & Promise of
the Real.

The show came to Pittsburgh in 2002, and organizers say they are excited to be
bringing it back to Pennsylvania.

"We looked at Hershey before," said Carolyn Mugar, Farm Aid's executive
director. "It's right in the middle of some the best farm country in the region,
and the size is perfect. We're going to change out all the concessions to be
homegrown and regional, and it is really going to feel like the venue is ours
that day."

Originally conceived in the summer of 1985 in an attempt to focus national
attention on an alarming rash of foreclosures devastating rural communities in
America's heartland, Farm Aid transformed itself into a permanent advocacy
group.

While Farm Aid staff spends most of the year in the trenches aiding farmers and
rural service organizations, the annual fall benefit is the only time most
Americans see the organization's public face.

By holding benefit concerts every year in the early fall, the nonprofit through
last year has been able to give $37 million to grass-roots organizations - urban
and rural - that help family farms stay competitive, develop sustainable growing
practices, reach new markets, fight off the pressures of corporate farming and
ride out the boom and bust cycles of weather, prices and global demand. A little
more than $192,000 of those funds have gone to seven Pennsylvania organizations.

According to Farm Aid program director and Pennsylvania native Alicia Harvie,
one of the reasons the group chose Hershey was because of just how strong
small-scale family farming remains in the commonwealth.

"Pennsylvania has a lot going for it," Harvie said. "Agriculture employs one in
seven in the state, and that has a noticeable ripple effect. Pennsylvania is,
for all intents and purposes, the home of Buy Fresh, Buy Local."

Also known as "slow food," the Buy Fresh, Buy Local movement grew in large part
out of Farm Aid's decades-long push to close the gap between those who grow and
those who eat.

Sales of organic food grew from $1 billion in 1990 to $26.7 billion in 2010,
according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

"Farm Aid was deeply involved in helping to develop the federal organic
standard," Harvie said.

And there's more. "Pennsylvania is third in the nation in direct farm sales,
sixth in the number of certified organic farms, and has permanently preserved
more than 450,000 acres of farmland - one of the best programs in the country,"
Harvie said.

Innovation in farming has also had a home in the state.

Farmer Steve Groff has been pioneering modern no-till and cover-crop farming at
Cedar Meadow Farm in Holtwood for decades. Today, as much as 35 percent of crops
planted in the United States are planted this way.

The Rodale Institute in Kutztown has been researching organic farming since the
1940s, laying the groundwork for today's federally certified organic programs;
and the Pennsylvania Association for Sustainable Agriculture is one of the most
active organic programs in the nation.

"This gives Pennsylvania a solid base on which to grow," Harvie said.

According to the USDA, more than 90 percent of the farms in Pennsylvania are
family owned. While growers here face the same uncertainties of weather, global
commodities markets, speculation and price pressures as any other ag operation
in the country, the large-scale corporate operations common along the Great
Plains and in the Midwest and deep South practically don't exist here.

That's one of the reasons the commonwealth remains so competitive, said Mark
O'Neill, a spokesman for the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau.

"Here, a large dairy farm is 2,000 cows," O'Neill said. "In other parts of the
country, that is pretty small." In the flat states of the West, operations can
approach 10,000 cows. Yet Pennsylvania is the fifth-largest dairy producing
state, he said.

Despite the farmers' strength, the margins for dairy farmers here have been
getting tighter, as feed and fuel prices put a serious strain on small-herd
producers. While Pennsylvania has been spared the summer drought that has left
large swaths of the country denuded of harvestable crops this summer, it will
still face higher costs as a result.

To give farmers in the state some added support, the Pennsylvania Legislature
earlier this year passed laws aimed at helping farms stay in the family. Act 85
exempts from inheritance taxes qualifying farmland transferred by the death of
the owner to members of the same family. The tax had previously been as high as
12 percent. The law also waives real estate transfer taxes when land is conveyed
from one family partnership to another in the course of a farm reorganization.

The changes help keep farms in the family, and help farmers avoid having to sell
off assets to pay a tax bill, O'Neill said.

"Five years ago there was lots of money to be made," O'Neill said. "The market
was high; land value was incredibly high. ... You could get wealthy overnight.

"But it's not just about making money," he said. "Farmers need to make money to
support a family, to keep their farm going so their kids can go to college and
have something to come back to."

On the federal level, competing versions of Senate and House omnibus farm bills
saw no resolution before the August recess, and may not get a final vote before
the Sept. 30 deadline.

While back in Pennsylvania, hydraulic fracturing in the state's farm communities
continues even as discussions over further regulations and the specter of
accidents loom large. Farm Aid issued a statement earlier this year opposing the
practice without further protections for farmers against the risk of
catastrophic loss.

Despite the many political footballs being tossed about the farm fields of
America, Mugar said Farm Aid tries to remain nonpartisan, instead tackling
problems at the grass-roots level.

"We would almost like to go to every state," Mugar said. "I think the state of
affairs in every state has an illustration of probably some good, some bad and
some contradictions.

"I don't think there's ever going to be a final moment on many of these issues,"
she admitted. "But Farm Aid has never been made up of people who can easily
abandon an issue. None of us are people who sit on the sidelines. And in
Pennsylvania, we can highlight many successes."

Gates at the Farm Aid fundraising concert at Hersheypark Stadium open at noon,
Saturday, Sept. 22. For ticket information, call 534-3911 or visit
hersheypa.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              438 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           September 21, 2008 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Mainer blooms at Farm Aid;
The marathon concert plays up the future of small family farming.

BYLINE: BOB KEYES Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 727 words


On a day when all eyes focused on Willie Nelson, Neil Young and their Farm Aid
brethren, a shy farmer from Brunswick reluctantly stole a small sliver of
spotlight.

At a press briefing prior to the first Farm Aid concert in New England on
Saturday, Brenna Chase found herself seated somewhat uncomfortably alongside
Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick and just a few chairs down from some of the
biggest music stars in the world.

Not that she wasn't thrilled to be there, but Chase, 29, is far more comfortable
digging in the dirt, raising animals and selling flowers at farmers' markets in
Brunswick.

''I'm a little out of my element,'' she told an assembled group of media
representatives and Farm Aid friends. ''I was just feeding hogs this morning.
Thank you for making me feel like the work I do is important.''

Farm Aid put her on stage to address the media because she and her farming
partner, Susan Meredith, run Little Creek Farm in Brunswick and represent both
the success of Farm Aid and the hopeful future of small family farming in
America.

Through grants provided by Farm Aid to the Maine Organic Farmers and Gardeners
Association, Chase has received training to become a farmer.

She and Meredith lease about 30 acres and raise hogs, chickens, hens, turkeys
and ducks, and grow flowers. They sell everything locally. They've had their
farm for a year, after working for other farmers from California to Connecticut
for the past decade.

In addition to Nelson and Young, Saturday's concert included performances by
John Mellencamp, Dave Matthews, Kenny Chesney, Steve Earle, moe., the
Pretenders, Arlo Guthrie and many others.

Among the highlights early in the day was a performance by rock pioneer Jerry
Lee Lewis, who received a sustained standing ovation after a performance that
included ''Whole Lotta Shakin' Going On'' and ''Great Balls of Fire.''

At Farm Aid, the cause is never far from the music.

The 11-hour marathon event at the Comcast Center included testimonials, displays
and recognition for model farmers. It also featured organic and locally grown
food in its concession stands, which organizers said was a major accomplishment
given the volume of food needed to serve the 20,000 or so people who showed up.

One of the concessionaires was Peak Organic Brewing Co., a Portland-based
brewery that specializes in hand-crafted ales.

Peak Organic founder and president Jon Cadoux spent much of his day keeping the
taps flowing. He accepted the invitation to sell beer at Farm Aid because he
shares Farm Aid's belief in family farming.

''We have a passion for sustainable agriculture and supporting family farmers,
and that's what Farm Aid is all about,'' he said. ''This is a mind-boggling
event in terms of its size and scope, and it's great to be a part of it.
Whenever possible, we try to partner with organizations that are like-minded,
and this is a perfect example of it.''

Farm Aid has shifted its focus over the years from saving family farmers to
helping those who survived the farm crisis thrive. Since 1999, the organization
has issued $29,500 in grants to the Maine Organic Farmers and Gardeners
Association.

Regionally, Farm Aid has granted more than $418,000 to New England farm groups
since 1985.

Mellencamp, a Farm Aid co-founder, said it was ''disheartening'' that people
continue to ask him why Farm Aid is still in business. ''Isn't that problem
solved?'' they ask him.

Not even close, he tells them.

Corporate farming still dominates U.S. agriculture, and small family farmers are
still in crisis, he said. The issues affecting farmers have changed since Farm
Aid began in 1985, but the bottom line remains that farmers are still in peril,
he said.

''That's why we're still doing Farm Aid,'' he said.

At the press briefing, Nelson made the case that a healthy farm economy is good
for the overall economy, calling it the bottom rung of the country's economic
ladder. When it fails, he said, the rest of the ladder comes crumbling down.

Young struck a hopeful tone. Noting the growth and popularity of farmers'
markets across America, he said Farm Aid can help by promoting awareness of
local-food campaigns.

He suggested that instead of Farm Aid, in the future the group might consider
calling itself Farm Made.

''What we're trying to do now is just help,'' he said.


Staff Writer Bob Keyes can be contacted at 791-6457 or at:

bkeyes@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Willie Nelson

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              439 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    OCTOBER 27, 1999 Wednesday CWEST EDITION

PA. LEGISLATURE PASSES FARM-AID BILLS / THE HOUSE AND SENATE SEEK TO AID FARMERS
IN THE RED AFTER THE DROUGHT. GOV. RIDGE'S POSITION IS UNKNOWN.

BYLINE: Ken Dilanian and Walter F. Naedele, INQUIRER STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 939 words

DATELINE: HARRISBURG


Responding to a drought that experts are calling the worst agricultural disaster
in Pennsylvania history, the state House and Senate passed two competing
farm-relief proposals yesterday that lawmakers say could result in one of the
biggest such bailouts ever provided by state government.

The big question was where Gov. Ridge stands on the issue. He was in Los Angeles
speaking to Hollywood movie executives yesterday, and his spokesman declined to
say whether he could support either version - or any state drought relief at
all, beyond a $5 million, hay-assistance program already under way.

"He's really the big gorilla in the room, and he has yet to say 'boo,' on this,"
said Steven Crawford, the top agricultural staffer for House Democrats.

The House unanimously passed a $192 million, three-bill package that would
provide direct grants to farmers to offset crop, hay and feed losses. The Senate
unanimously passed a smaller, $50 million bill. Now the two will have to be
reconciled with Ridge's input, something lawmakers say they hope will happen by
year's end.

"A drought like this comes along only once in a lifetime," said Rep. Raymond
Bunt (R., Montgomery), who is chairman of the House Agriculture and Rural
Affairs Committee and has visited 55 counties to assess the damage.

"It'll make you cry," he said of what he saw. "I don't know how these people can
recover."

Bunt said pointedly that the two unanimous votes by lawmakers should "send a
strong message to this governor."

When the two bills are merged into a final product, Bunt said, he expects a
package of around $100 million, which he said would be the biggest farm-relief
bill Harrisburg has passed in recent memory. Others said the only comparable
farm-aid effort followed the infamous 1972 Hurricane Agnes floods.

Across the Philadelphia region yesterday, county extension agents said farmers
devastated by the drought were likely to overcome their conservative tendencies
and reach out for the public assistance. Some farmers praised the aid bills.

"I'm surprised. It sounds decent," said Travis Lee Moser, a Montgomery County
farmer who this summer lost about 60 percent of the corn he planted to feed his
dairy herd.

The most recent U.S. Census of Agriculture in 1997 found farming to be a $4
billion industry in Pennsylvania, the state's largest.

Although Republicans control the House and Senate, they are not always on the
same page as their GOP governor. And Ridge often does not weigh in on issues
brought forward by the legislature until he absolutely must.

"We haven't taken a formal position on it," Ridge spokesman Tom Charles said of
drought relief. "Gov. Ridge is glad for all farmers that the process is moving
forward."

Ridge aides and Harrisburg farm officials yesterday were more interested in
talking about federal, not state, drought relief. They said they wanted to see
what the state's federal share would be before discussing state aid.

"We're waiting to see how this all sorts itself out," said Bob Bunty, spokesman
for the state Agriculture Department, which would administer any state drought
relief.

Congress recently passed a national farm-aid bill that includes a $1.4 billion
national drought-assistance package, but Ridge and Pennsylvania's congressional
delegation joined other Northeastern officials in denouncing that effort as
inadequate and too focused on the Midwest.

Pennsylvania farm losses due to the drought are estimated at $700 million, state
officials said.

The main element of the three-bill House package, House Bill 1888, provides $160
million in assistance for grants to farmers and other agricultural producers.
The grants can provide partial compensation for crop losses; repay 100 percent
of a farmer's rental for state-owned land that a farmer leases for crop
production; help buy hay and feed for dairy farmers; defray up to 20 percent of
the cost of seed, fertilizer and pest control for the 1999 crop year.

The other parts of the package provide $12 million for full refunds to farmers
for their 1999 crop insurance premiums and a 50 percent refund for 2000.

The House proposal also includes $10 million in grants and low-interest loans to
assist farmers in the development of irrigation and water conservation systems.
And on the House floor yesterday, an amendment was inserted providing $10
million for flood relief for farmers whose crops were damaged by Hurricane
Floyd.

Under the Senate plan, farmers who suffered 30 percent or more in crop losses in
the drought would be eligible for reimbursement of seeds, plants, fertilizers
and lime.

Moser farms 325 acres near Gilbertsville in northwestern Montgomery County, the
seventh generation in his family to do so.

"We will basically be feeling the effects of the drought for the next year," he
said.

At first, he said, he was hoping to avoid taking state grants, but then he
called a reporter back to say that he probably would.

"I talked it over with my father," he said.

In Chester County, the relief is needed especially on farms north of Route 30,
said Tim Fritz, farm management agent for the Chester County office of the Penn
State Cooperative Extension.

"It's very bad," he said. "You're talking about 75 percent loss or more on a lot
of the crops."

As of early August, said Penn State extension agent Mike Fournier, Bucks County
had suffered an estimated 95 percent loss on corn and 90 percent loss on
soybeans, both of which are used to feed livestock. Seventy percent of
vegetables and half the hay and fruit also were said to be lost.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
A Montgomery County farmer who in this summer's drought lost about 60 percent of
the corn he planted to feed his dairy herd, Travis Lee Moser applauds the state
House and Senate action. He is a seventh-generation farmer and works 325 acres
near Gilbertsville. (SCOTT S. HAMRICK, Inquirer Suburban Staff)
Moser drives a tractor out to the fields near Gilbertsville in northwestern
Montgomery County that he farms. He said that his operation would feel the
effects of the drought for the next year and that he and his family would take
advantage of the state grants. (SCOTT S. HAMRICK, Inquirer Suburban Staff)

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              440 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 1, 2008 Saturday

Farm bill touted as at 'critical stage'

BYLINE: JONATHAN RIVOLI Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 595 words


Negotiations on the farm bill have reached a critical juncture in Washington as
Congress and the White House haggle over the bill's funding, Rep. Earl Pomeroy
said Friday.

"The next few days will be absolutely critical in whether the farm bill gets
done or not," he said.

In a roundtable discussion in Bismarck with state agriculture leaders, Pomeroy
said this critical sticking point has been reached because of a major sticking
point over whether some programs get funded and where that funding comes from.

At issue in the more than $280 billion package is whether to include $10 billion
for programs including a permanent disaster aid title. Congress is looking to
find a way to pay that pleases the White House, but has thus far been out of
luck.

In the works since last summer, the farm bill sets the country's agriculture
policy on everything from crop subsidies, to food stamps and government payments
for conservation land. A farm bill passed both the House and Senate last year,
but is stuck in negotiations between a Democratic Congress and Republican White
House.

Pomeroy, a Democrat, said one of his top priorities is protecting parts of the
bill that pay for crop insurance. In today's environment of both high input
costs and high commodity prices, insurance payments can offer better protection
than price targets because the targets will undershoot the need, he said.

Permanent disaster aid also is important, he said. The idea for around $5
billion of a permanent disaster aid fund was included in the Senate's version of
the farm bill to simplify and speed up the process by which such aid is
delivered.

Over the last few years, lawmakers from upper Plains states like North Dakota
have successfully fought for disaster aid packages separate from the farm bill,
but this often occurred years after the actual disaster.

The Senate is insisting on this provision, but the Democrats' idea to pay for it
with various tax law changes have met the ire of the White House. Democrats say
they're simply closing loopholes -such as the use of offshore bank accounts or
tighter tax reporting requirements on credit card companies - while the White
House said they're relying on tax increases instead of spending cuts to make the
math work.

Smaller controversies are brewing within the farm bill as well. On Friday, for
example, a Washington public relations outfit blasted a provision of the farm
bill that requires government aid to be distributed only by government
employees. The group said this would critically harm states' abilities to
administer their Medicaid and food stamp programs by contracting out the work to
companies and nonprofits.

Pomeroy said this provision was inserted to prevent companies from handling a
lot of the private personal data they are given in such contract arrangements
and won't harm the administration of programs.

If a farm bill is not passed by March 15, the last bill, passed in 2002 would
expire, leaving farmers with an outdated permanent law passed in 1949. The 2002
farm bill was originally set to expire last October, but the deadline was
extended as negotiations dragged on.

North Dakota Agriculture Commissioner Roger Johnson said the major goal is just
to have a farm bill signed into law soon.

"That's maybe a simplistic approach, but I think it's the approach of most
people in the agriculture community," he said.

Planting season is coming up, and farmers need to know the rules they'll be
playing by as they make their investments, Johnson said.

(Reach reporter Jonathan Rivoli at 223-8482 or
jonathan.rivoli@bismarcktribune.com.)

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              441 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 1, 2008 Saturday

Farm bill touted as at 'critical stage'

BYLINE: JONATHAN RIVOLI Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE

LENGTH: 595 words


Negotiations on the farm bill have reached a critical juncture in Washington as
Congress and the White House haggle over the bill's funding, Rep. Earl Pomeroy
said Friday.

"The next few days will be absolutely critical in whether the farm bill gets
done or not," he said.

In a roundtable discussion in Bismarck with state agriculture leaders, Pomeroy
said this critical sticking point has been reached because of a major sticking
point over whether some programs get funded and where that funding comes from.

At issue in the more than $280 billion package is whether to include $10 billion
for programs including a permanent disaster aid title. Congress is looking to
find a way to pay that pleases the White House, but has thus far been out of
luck.

In the works since last summer, the farm bill sets the country's agriculture
policy on everything from crop subsidies, to food stamps and government payments
for conservation land. A farm bill passed both the House and Senate last year,
but is stuck in negotiations between a Democratic Congress and Republican White
House.

Pomeroy, a Democrat, said one of his top priorities is protecting parts of the
bill that pay for crop insurance. In today's environment of both high input
costs and high commodity prices, insurance payments can offer better protection
than price targets because the targets will undershoot the need, he said.

Permanent disaster aid also is important, he said. The idea for around $5
billion of a permanent disaster aid fund was included in the Senate's version of
the farm bill to simplify and speed up the process by which such aid is
delivered.

Over the last few years, lawmakers from upper Plains states like North Dakota
have successfully fought for disaster aid packages separate from the farm bill,
but this often occurred years after the actual disaster.

The Senate is insisting on this provision, but the Democrats' idea to pay for it
with various tax law changes have met the ire of the White House. Democrats say
they're simply closing loopholes -such as the use of offshore bank accounts or
tighter tax reporting requirements on credit card companies - while the White
House said they're relying on tax increases instead of spending cuts to make the
math work.

Smaller controversies are brewing within the farm bill as well. On Friday, for
example, a Washington public relations outfit blasted a provision of the farm
bill that requires government aid to be distributed only by government
employees. The group said this would critically harm states' abilities to
administer their Medicaid and food stamp programs by contracting out the work to
companies and nonprofits.

Pomeroy said this provision was inserted to prevent companies from handling a
lot of the private personal data they are given in such contract arrangements
and won't harm the administration of programs.

If a farm bill is not passed by March 15, the last bill, passed in 2002 would
expire, leaving farmers with an outdated permanent law passed in 1949. The 2002
farm bill was originally set to expire last October, but the deadline was
extended as negotiations dragged on.

North Dakota Agriculture Commissioner Roger Johnson said the major goal is just
to have a farm bill signed into law soon.

"That's maybe a simplistic approach, but I think it's the approach of most
people in the agriculture community," he said.

Planting season is coming up, and farmers need to know the rules they'll be
playing by as they make their investments, Johnson said.

(Reach reporter Jonathan Rivoli at 223-8482 or
jonathan.rivoli@bismarcktribune.com.)

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              442 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                              March 3, 2017 Friday
                             Politifact.com Edition

THE FUZZY MATH OF FOREIGN AID AND TRADE

BYLINE: JON GREENBERG

SECTION: POLITIFACT: GLOBAL NEWS SERVICE; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 1140 words


Every dollar of foreign aid for agricultural research "will bring $4 in trade
with the countries and the United States ... generating employment back in the
U.S."

- Shenggen Fan on Thursday, March 2nd, 2017 in a panel discussion in Washington,
D.C.

* * *

The ruling: MOSTLY FALSE

While the details are vague, foreign aid is on the chopping block in President
Donald Trump's pending budget. Non-military assistance accounts for less than 1
percent of federal spending and defenders of aid would like to argue that it
actually pays dividends to America.

Shenggen Fan, the head of the International Food Policy Research Institute, a
widely respected organization, said his group had a study showing very specific
paybacks tied to aid.

"If we help the countries developing to invest in agriculture research, every $1
invested will bring $4 (in) trade with the countries and the United States," Fan
said Feb. 2 at a meeting in Washington. "So if you're investing in foreign aid,
you're generating employment back in the U.S. It helps economic growth here in
this country."

Fan's office said he was referring to a 1996 article that described a sort of
domino effect. Agricultural research leads to higher production, which in turn
delivers economic growth and the extra income generates demand for more imports.

"When the flow of additional imports over time is taken into account, the $1
investment in agricultural research generates $4.39 of additional imports," the
article said.

That seems to back up Fan's point, but it terms of what it means for sales by
American companies, he pushed the findings a little too far. The article
specifically noted that there's no guarantee "that a particular donor country
captures the gains from the increase in exports."

Put another way, an investment of $1 might spur $4 in trade, but there's no
guarantee the original investor will be the one to benefit. Fan posted an item
later that dialed back on the trade gains, writing that they would help
"economies like the United States or Germany."

In addition, that study is 20 years old, and we could find no other study that
reached the same conclusion.

Fan's office cited a 2006 analysis from the Australian Centre for International
Agricultural Research. The center wanted to gauge the economic impact of the
work it funded. It did find that research boosted trade, but for a number of
reasons, that result didn't do much to bolster Fan's case.

In the first case, the Australians defined trade gains broadly to include
increased sales by Aussie firms to developed countries such as Japan. On top of
that, they didn't find a 4-to-1 payback on trade. When we crunched their
numbers, it was more like 1-to-1.

The authors also warned that their dollar amounts were based on projected rather
than actual benefits. "It is possible that these benefits never actually emerged
or that the benefits that did emerge were considerably greater," they wrote.

We asked a number of researchers if they knew of any study that linked foreign
aid for agricultural research to greater exports for American firms. Not one
could think of such work.

"We are not aware of other quantitative estimates of a relationship between
investment in agriculture in foreign countries and trade," Cheryl Christensen of
the USDA's Economic Research Service told us.

The consensus that emerged was that the domino effect Fan had in mind might take
place in some countries, but no analysis had pulled all the pieces together.

"I believe that our foreign aid to agriculture is effective and can boost
agricultural production and rural income in developing countries," Phillip
Abbott, professor of agricultural economics at Purdue University, told us. "As
countries grow, they may well -- many do -- need more food than they can produce
themselves, and this leads to greater imports, including agriculture imports
from U.S. agriculture. Turning this into a causal chain with a fixed multiplier,
as claimed by Fan, is a stretch."

Robert Paarlberg at Harvard University's Kennedy School said plenty of research
ties aid to greater productivity and rising incomes.

"But it starts to become difficult when you look for links back to foreign aid,
especially agricultural development aid," Paarlberg said. "There the links
remain plausible, at least in countries capable of using aid well, but they
become too remote to estimate with any confidence."

- - -

Our ruling

Fan said every dollar of foreign aid for agricultural research "will bring $4 in
trade with the countries and the United States ... generating employment back in
the U.S." A 1996 article supports most of that assertion except for the part
about all the trade being with the United States. However, that article is 20
years old and we could find no other study that mirrored its findings.

The leading agricultural researchers we reached told us that in some countries,
that general result might come about, but it varies from place to place and it
is difficult to show the connection to foreign aid in the agricultural research
sector.

So Fan went too far on three points: the 4-to-1 payback, the amount of trade
with the United States and the idea that this general rule applies to most
countries when it is actually less predictable.

We rate this claim Mostly False.

* * *

Sources:

Food Tank, How to Cultivate Food Security, Feb. 2, 2017

World Hunger, Foreign Assistance to Agriculture: A Win-Win Proposition, Fall
1996

Medium, Aid to end hunger is a win-win investment, Feb. 13, 2017

U.S. Department of Agriculture, Income Growth in Developing Countries Can
Increase U.S. Agricultural Exports, March 14, 2011

Australian Centre for International Agricultural Research, Benefits to Australia
from ACIAR-funded research, September 2006

University of Georgia, The Impact of Agricultural Aid on Agricultural Sector
Growth, February 2008

University of Nottingham Centre for Research in Economic Development and
International Trade, New Evidence on the Impact of Foreign Aid on Economic
Growth, accessed Feb. 27, 2017

Email interview, Julian Alston, professor, Department of Agricultural and
Resource Economics, University of California Davis, Feb. 28, 2017

Email interview, C. Parr Rosson, professor of agricultural economics, Texas A&M
University, Feb. 28, 2017

Email interview, Adugna Lemi, PhD, department Chair and associate professor of
economics, University of Massachusetts Boston

Email interview, Phillip Abbott, Professor, Department of Agricultural
Economics, Purdue University, Feb. 27, 2017

Email interview, Cheryl Christensen, Chief, Food Security and Development
Branch, Economic Research Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, March 1, 2017

Email interview, Robert Paarlberg, adjunct professor in global food policy,
Kennedy School, Harvard University, Feb. 28, 2017

Interview, Drew Sample, head of media, International Food Policy Research
Institute, Feb. 27, 2017

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (3)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2017 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              443 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           August 29, 2007 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

On the Road to Farm Aid, The Long, Sweet Way

BYLINE: By KIM SEVERSON

SECTION: Section F; Column 0; Dining, Dining Out/Cultural Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 769 words


FOR most of August, Diane Hatz has been on a national quest for pie. She has
eaten walnut pie in northern California; lemonade peach pie in Laramie, Wyo.;
and a pie of goat cheese, onion and tomato in Kansas City, Mo.

Yesterday,  she and other members of the food-centered educational group
Sustainable Table wheeled their bio-fueled rock-star tour bus into Chicago to
eat pizza pie.

The pie adventure is part of a 25-city road trip, called the Eat Well Guided
Tour of America, that will bring the group to New York just in time for the Farm
Aid concert and Homegrown Festival, Sept. 9 on Randall's Island.

''I was looking for something to tie together Farm Aid and the people in towns
around the country who are part of the sustainable agriculture movement,'' she
said. ''To me, pies are a metaphor for something bigger. They represent the
connection to local, wholesome food.'' (Pie recipes and blogs from the road are
at sustainabletable.org.)

A cross-country trip in the name of sustainable food is not something that would
have come to mind when Willie Nelson, John Mellencamp and Neil Young started
Farm Aid 22 years ago.

In the 1980s, the focus was on saving mostly corn and bean farmers who were
awash in debt and losing their land. In the 1990s, Farm Aid began to fight the
proliferation of large agricultural operations that were driving smaller farms
out of business.

Since the new millennium, Farm Aid has taken on the cause of family farmers. In
its third act, Farm Aid has become a rallying point for the local-food movement,
said Mark Smith, Farm Aid's campaign director.

The concerts themselves, which have raised almost $30 million over the years,
are a jumping off point for local-food loyalists to organize events, meals,
forums and parties.

''Every time we go into a city, it's a good excuse to pull together all the
food-based organizations,'' Mr. Smith said.

Mr. Smith will be running a caravan from Syracuse to New York City, talking
politics with state and local agricultural officials, showing off innovative New
York farms and picking up food to feed concert crews backstage.

From Sept. 4 to Sept. 10, dozens of New York restaurants will add special dishes
with ingredients that are either grown locally, produced by a family farm or
certified organic, with some of the price going to Farm Aid. Whole Foods will
donate 5 percent of total sales at tristate stores to Farm Aid on Sept. 12.

Organizers have also created an interactive map featuring New York farmers'
markets, urban gardens, school cafeterias and other places where local food
stars. Contributions are encouraged, even if it's your own kitchen.

The concert has inspired local and state policy makers to meet in New York next
Wednesday with local-food and farm advocates to discuss food policy.

And then there are the parties, including a harvest barbecue in the Hudson
Valley at Gigi Market at Greig Farm in Red Hook on Sept. 7, the Eat Well tour's
last stop before Manhattan, and a Homegrown Fair in Union Square on Sept. 8 with
plays, testimonials from family farmers, a young person's Iron Chef-style
competition and horseshoes. (Information on the events, and the map, are at
farmaid.org/homegrownnewyork.)

The concessions at the concert itself will go way beyond nachos and beer. As far
as anyone can tell, Farm Aid's New York show will be the first major rock
concert to serve only food that is either organic, local or from a family farm.

Organic food will come from sponsors including Chipotle, Horizon Organic and
Niman Ranch. The local part is trickier. In New York, you might think a cart
full of Sabrett hot dogs would be a perfect example of local food. But you would
be wrong.

''That's not going to happen,'' said Sonya Dagovitz Kugler, the Farm Aid
organizer charged with approving vendors based on whether their food meets the
spirit of the group. Specialty coffee drinks from Gorilla Coffee in Brooklyn
made the cut, along with sausages and soy dogs from Sparky's in the East Village
and pork chop sandwiches from Missouri.

Missouri?

They're not local, but they are from a family farm, said Ms. Dagovitz Kugler,
who has spent months trying to explain why funnel cakes from a mix don't qualify
while making sure there is enough food to feed 30,000 concertgoers.

''You have concessionaires who know how to vend but who don't understand this
food because no one taught them what is local and what is sustainable,'' she
said. ''On the other side are the younger people who have beautiful small
businesses and who get the whole thing about sustainability but they don't know
how to vend.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: LOCAL TREAT Brenda Langton, center, with Simran Sethi and
Jeremy Iggers, judges a fruit galette in Minneapolis. Far right, a pear torte at
the competition, part of a tour to draw attention to Farm Aid. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY
BEN GARVIN FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company

                              444 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      October 2, 2001 Tuesday 1ST EDITION

63 elk exposed to disease were sold Officials track shipments to Colo. ranches,
5 states

BYLINE: By Theo Stein, Denver Post Environment Writer,

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 797 words


Sixty-three elk exposed to chronic wasting disease at a Del  Norte ranch were
exported to at least five states and three other  Colorado ranches before their
herd was quarantined, agriculture  officials disclosed Monday.

In an emergency move, officials banned the transport of  domestic elk for 30
days as they shifted their focus to the search  for elk shipped from seven
licensed ranches now under quarantine.

More Colorado ranches are likely to be investigated as a  review of records
documenting the flow of animals across the state  and the country continues.

On Monday, a herd of 200 elk on a shooting park in the North  Park community of
Cowdrey was quarantined after a bull shot by a  hunter tested positive two weeks
ago for the fatal brain wasting  disease. With the addition of that herd, 1,300
elk now likely will  be destroyed, officials said.

The Cowdrey bull and 24 other hunting bulls on the North Park  ranch came from
Elk Echo Ranch, a Stoneham operation that  investigators believe is a potential
center of infection, said Dr.  Wayne Cunningham, the Colorado Department of
Agriculture's  veterinarian.

'We want to get a handle on this as soon as possible and we  want to put a stop
to it,' said Jim Rubingh, the Agriculture  Department's director of marketing
and the chairman of the Captive  Wildlife and Alternative Livestock Board.

The transport ban applies to all animals except those going  to slaughter.

Elk ranchers on the board asked the Agriculture Commission to  double the
monitoring period for elk brought into the state to 36  months, and require a
similar surveillance period for any elk  moved out of the northeastern counties,
where the disease has  existed in wild herds for close to four decades.

The board also asked the agriculture commission to ban the  construction of new
elk ranches when it meets Thursday.

Other animals diseased

In addition to the Cowdrey bulls, Elk Echo Ranch also  produced the cow elk
diagnosed with CWD on Rancho Anta Grande in  Del Norte, along with animals on
the All American Antler Ranch,  All American Antler Ranch Two and Country Care
Ranch - all under  quarantine. A call to the ranch was not returned.

Rancho Anta Grande in turn sold elk to ranches in Texas,  Utah, Idaho, Nebraska
and Pennsylvania, Cunningham said.  Veterinary officials in Texas and Utah each
said ranches in their  state had bought single elk, now under quarantine.
Neither animal  has shown signs of the disease.

'We won't let that animal or her offspring be sold and we'll  be keeping track
of her for five years,' said Dr. Mike Marshall,  Utah's state veterinarian.
Other members of the herd can be moved  only with his office's permission.

Cunningham said the Idaho herd was also quarantined.

Rich Forrest, who runs the 520-acre Rancho Anta Grande in the  San Luis Valley,
knows his 400 elk soon will be destroyed, even  though only one has tested
positive for CWD. Forrest said every  elk processed for meat is tested for the
disease.

'The industry has been testing these animals for several  years,' he said. 'The
system works, and we caught the problem.  That's the good news. The bad news is
it's mine.'

The bewildering turn of events has left him uncertain about  his ranch's future.

'Having an elk ranch was a dream that I managed to  accomplish,' he said. 'I
certainly love the animals, and I'd like  to remain in the business, but that
may not be possible. A lot of  unknowns need to be sorted out first.'

Ranchers skeptical of aid

State agriculture officials hope a $ 2.6 million federal aid  program will help
ranchers such as Forrest, who remains skeptical.

'The fairness of the indemnity program remains to be  demonstrated,' he said
Monday.

On Friday, the alternative livestock board will meet for the  third time in two
weeks to decide whether to ask the state to  supplement the federal aid. 'We may
want to allocate some funds  for depopulation,' Rubingh said.

Chronic wasting disease is a transmissible spongiform  encephalopathy related to
mad cow disease. Unlike that disease, it  has not been shown to infect humans.

Symptoms of chronic wasting disease were first recognized in  wild mule deer and
elk in adjacent parts of Colorado and Wyoming  in the late 1960s, though it
wasn't diagnosed until 10 years  later. The degenerative disorder attacks the
brains of deer and  elk, causing unsteadiness, excessive slobbering, confusion
and  death.

Although researchers don't know how the disease is  transmitted, they do know
the infectious agent persists in the  environment and can sicken deer or elk
that move onto contaminated  ground.


LOAD-DATE: October 02, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  The Denver Post Elk investigation (map)

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              445 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             October 2, 2009 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bill brings aid to WNY dairy farmers

BYLINE: By Jerry Zremski - NEWS WASHINGTON BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 430 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Struggling Western New York dairy farmers are likely to win relief from Congress
next week with the passage of legislation that could bring them nearly $10
million in financial aid, lawmakers on both sides of Capitol Hill said Thursday.

House and Senate negotiators this week agreed to include $350 million in aid to
the struggling dairy industry -- including $290 million in direct payments to
farmers -- in the final version of a fiscal 2010 agriculture spending bill.

If the Department of Agriculture uses the formula that now guides the existing
federal Milk Income Loss Contract Program, known as "MILC," Wyoming County
farmers would get $3.9 million -- the most in the state, said Sen. Charles E.
Schumer, D-N.Y. Genesee County farmers would get $1.8 million, and their
Chautauqua County counterparts would receive $1.5 million. Erie County would get
$922,000, Cattaraugus County $860,000 and Niagara County $690,000.

The bill does not specify how the Agriculture Department should allocate the
payments because opening that issue would have sparked a regional battle in
Congress that could have slowed the legislation's progress, said Schumer.

"Rarely in history have dairy farmers been saddled with such low prices for such
a long period of time," Schumer said. "If it's distributed right, this $350
million will make a big difference for our dairy farmers."

Meanwhile, Rep. Chris Lee, R-Clarence, Rep. Eric Massa, D-Corning, and other
lawmakers met with Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to discuss a more permanent
fix for the current system that makes dairy prices highly volatile.

"I was also able to discuss one of the greatest concerns to my dairy farmers --
the process used for establishing these prices, specifically the Federal Milk
Marketing Order," Lee said. "As we have seen time and time again, the Federal
Order system must be more responsive to changes in cost of production and market
forces."

Other local lawmakers agreed that a permanent fix is needed.

"While this [funding boost] is great for New York's dairy farmers, this is only
a temporary solution to the fundamental problems with the dairy pricing system,"
said Sen. Kirsten E. Gillibrand, D-N.Y., an Agriculture Committee member who,
with Schumer and Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., proposed funding.

Massa vowed to do the same.

"It's important to point out that this aid will not be the silver bullet to fix
all of the long-term issues facing our dairy farmers, but it is another
essential piece to help keep them in business until we can deliver long-term
solutions," Massa said.

e-mail: jzremski@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              446 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             October 2, 2009 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bill brings aid to WNY dairy farmers

BYLINE: By Jerry Zremski - NEWS WASHINGTON BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 430 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Struggling Western New York dairy farmers are likely to win relief from Congress
next week with the passage of legislation that could bring them nearly $10
million in financial aid, lawmakers on both sides of Capitol Hill said Thursday.

House and Senate negotiators this week agreed to include $350 million in aid to
the struggling dairy industry -- including $290 million in direct payments to
farmers -- in the final version of a fiscal 2010 agriculture spending bill.

If the Department of Agriculture uses the formula that now guides the existing
federal Milk Income Loss Contract Program, known as "MILC," Wyoming County
farmers would get $3.9 million -- the most in the state, said Sen. Charles E.
Schumer, D-N.Y. Genesee County farmers would get $1.8 million, and their
Chautauqua County counterparts would receive $1.5 million. Erie County would get
$922,000, Cattaraugus County $860,000 and Niagara County $690,000.

The bill does not specify how the Agriculture Department should allocate the
payments because opening that issue would have sparked a regional battle in
Congress that could have slowed the legislation's progress, said Schumer.

"Rarely in history have dairy farmers been saddled with such low prices for such
a long period of time," Schumer said. "If it's distributed right, this $350
million will make a big difference for our dairy farmers."

Meanwhile, Rep. Chris Lee, R-Clarence, Rep. Eric Massa, D-Corning, and other
lawmakers met with Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to discuss a more permanent
fix for the current system that makes dairy prices highly volatile.

"I was also able to discuss one of the greatest concerns to my dairy farmers --
the process used for establishing these prices, specifically the Federal Milk
Marketing Order," Lee said. "As we have seen time and time again, the Federal
Order system must be more responsive to changes in cost of production and market
forces."

Other local lawmakers agreed that a permanent fix is needed.

"While this [funding boost] is great for New York's dairy farmers, this is only
a temporary solution to the fundamental problems with the dairy pricing system,"
said Sen. Kirsten E. Gillibrand, D-N.Y., an Agriculture Committee member who,
with Schumer and Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., proposed funding.

Massa vowed to do the same.

"It's important to point out that this aid will not be the silver bullet to fix
all of the long-term issues facing our dairy farmers, but it is another
essential piece to help keep them in business until we can deliver long-term
solutions," Massa said.

e-mail: jzremski@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              447 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Portales, News-Tribune (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 19, 2009 Wednesday

BRIEF: Area farmers eligible for disaster aid

BYLINE: The Portales News-Tribune, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 252 words


Aug. 19--U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom J. Vilsack has declared Roosevelt
County a disaster area in a move that also affects Curry and Quay counties.

Roosevelt is among seven New Mexico counties listed as disaster areas because of
production losses from high winds and drought, according to the U.S. Department
of Agriculture.

Curry and Quay counties are among those listed as contiguous, or neighboring,
disaster counties.

Vilsack made the designations Friday, according to information the agency
release late Tuesday.

The declaration makes farm operators in primary and contiguous counties eligible
for federal assistance, including emergency loans and supplemental revenue
payments from the Farm Service Agency.

Chaves, De Baca, Eddy, Lea, Lincoln and Otero counties are also designated
primary disaster areas.

Dona Ana, Guadalupe, Sierra, Socorro and Torrance counties in New Mexico, and
Andrews, Bailey, Cochran, Culberson, El Paso, Gaines, Hudspeth, Loving, Reeves,
Winkler and Yoakum counties in Texas are contiguous disaster counties.

Information: Farm Service Agency at 356-6629.

To see more of The Portales News-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pntonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Portales News-Tribune, N.M.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090819-PV-BRF-Area-farmers-eligible-for-disaster-aid-0819

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PV


                          Copyright 2009 The Portales

                              448 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 July 19, 1998, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION
                              Correction Appended

CLINTON ORDERS PURCHASE OF WHEAT TO HELP FARMERS;
80 MILLION BUSHELS WILL BE DISTRIBUTED OVERSEAS TO COUNTRIES NEEDING AID

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A3

LENGTH: 344 words

DATELINE: LITTLE ROCK, ARK.


President Clinton announced Saturday that he is ordering the Agriculture
Department to buy 80 million bushels of wheat from U.S. farmers and distribute
them to several countries that desperately need food aid.

The new program, he said from Arkansas in his weekly radio address, would both
ease farm troubles at home and alleviate mass starvation overseas.

He said: "With the economic crisis in Asia weakening some of our best customers
for farm products, and with strong world crop production bringing prices down,
and with farmers facing flood and fires and drought and crop disease, our
farmers face a difficult and dangerous moment."

The wheat purchase would reduce surpluses in the United States and lift prices
by as much as 13 cents a bushel, or about 5 percent, Clinton said. At the same
time, it would provide about $ 250 million worth of wheat for hungry people in
Ethiopia, Sudan, Indonesia, North Korea, Eritrea and other countries to be
determined.

Clinton also engaged in a pep talk for his home state Democrats, assailing the
Republican-controlled Congress for opposing "our whole agenda."

Referring to GOP efforts to stop his program for putting 100,000 more police
officers on the streets even as the national crime rates fall, Clinton said,
"It's unbelievable."

"We have proved what works in education, and yet they're still saying 'no' to
smaller classes, 'no' to better school buildings, 'no' to so many of our efforts
to improve the education of our children," he said.

The president ticked off a list of other issues that have drawn partisan
opposition, including his administration's environmental priorities and its
proposal for a health care patient's bill of rights.

He told the Arkansas State Democratic Committee that Democrats needed to find
not just good candidates but candidates with good ideas.

Among those in the president's audience were Bill Bristow, Democratic candidate
for governor, and Blanche Lincoln, the former congresswoman who is running for
the Senate seat of retiring Democrat Dale Bumpers.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

CORRECTION-DATE: July 22, 1998

CORRECTION:   An Associated Press photo below incorrectly identifies Arkansas
State Treasurer Jimmie Lou Fisher as U.S. Senate candidate Blanche Lincoln.
Fisher is shown sitting next to President Bill Clinton.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo from THE ASSOCIATED PRESS - President Bill Clinton shares a
laugh Saturday with Blanche Lincoln, the Democratic Senate nominee from
Arkansas, at the Arkansas State Democratic Committee meeting in Little Rock.

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              449 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                       T2

                                2325 Edmenton Dr
                           Virginia Beach,  VA 23456
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 757-335-2079
URL: http://www.t2training.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/pages/T2-Training/112180861776

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 33093418

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
T2 is a company focussed on First Aid, First Aid Kits, Tourniquets, and 3 other
Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. T2 does business in the
Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automotive Industries, as well as 18 other major
Manufacturing Industries.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
62139900
SIC CODES:
80499910
CAGE CODES:
4UAA5
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Tourniquets


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Enzymes
     ·    Indium


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
DIVERSITY BUSINESS:  Service Disabled Veteran Owned, Veteran Owned Business


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Access Control Systems, Access Controls, Aircraft, Baseball
Caps, Baseballs, Belts, Brochures, Buckles, Bullets, Buttons, Ceramics,
Channels, Chemicals, Chests, Coffee Mugs, Coffees, Coins, Compounds, Control
Systems, Dishwashers, Enzymes, Explosives, Felt, First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Flags, Games, Generators, Guards, Guns, Hats, Helicopters, Indium, Lighting,
Marking Pens, Microwave, Mugs, Overalls, Pens, Planning Boards, Profiles,
Registers, Retainers, Rounds, Shears, Snap Buttons, Solutions, Starters,
Suspensions, Syringes, Tourniquets, Vests, Zippers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              450 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

              October 10, 1995 Tuesday SANTA CRUZ/MONTEREY EDITION

FEDERAL AID AVAILABLE FOR FLOODED FARMS USDA TEAM VISITS SALINAS TO PROCESS
CLAIMS FOR NEW NON-INSURED PROGRAM

BYLINE: LEE QUARNSTROM, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 428 words


Farmers who lost crops during the March floods that devastated the fertile
fields of the Salinas and Pajaro valleys, causing an estimated $600 million in
damage, may qualify for federal aid under a new program.

Rep. Sam Farr, D-Monterey, said a team from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
will be in Salinas for at least two weeks, beginning today, to process claims
from growers who lost crops when the Salinas and Pajaro rivers jumped their
levees and flooded vast portions of the two valleys. The team will be working
out of the Farm Service Agency building at 635 S. Sanborn Road, Salinas.

According to Farr, the new federal Non-insured Assistance Program may provide
money "for affected crops that are not otherwise covered" by other federal farm
insurance programs. In order to qualify, said Farr, "a grower must lose more
than 50 percent of his crop and be in an area that suffered an overall loss of
more than 35 percent" in one crop or groups of similar fruits and vegetables.
"To qualify, an affected grower cannot gross more than $2 million."

The March floodwaters caused an estimated $600 million damage in the
congressman's district, a Farr aide said Monday. That figure includes damaged
roads, levees, homes, bridges, vehicles and equipment as well as ruined fields
and crops. In Monterey County alone, according to Agricultural Commissioner
Richard Nutter, the floods caused $240 million damage to crops, wells and
irrigation equipment.

Farr aide Alec Arago said he expected the program could provide farmers in
Farr's district whose losses meet the federal guidelines with as much as $25
million total.

Farr said the government has been processing claims under provisions of
"numerous federal accounts, each with separate regulations," since the March
floods. He described potential beneficiaries of the new program as
"specialty-crop growers."

Among produce the program covers, according to Farr, are strawberries - which
were destroyed in great quantities in north Monterey County when the Pajaro
River spilled through and over its levee - as well as raspberries, blackberries,
carrots, celery, head lettuce, leaf lettuces, onions and garlic, peppers,
broccoli, cabbage, cauliflower and various other row crops.

"I would have hoped we could get the money to the farmers faster," Farr said in
a prepared statement. "Unfortunately, to get a new federal program in place . .
. was a challenge" for the federal government.

He said the new program is to assist growers in California's central coastal
region.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: IF YOU'RE INTERESTED
For more information about the Non-insured Assistance Program, call (408)
424-7377.

                     Copyright 1995 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              451 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                               November 10, 2001

Irish anti-poverty campaign calls on ministers to favour the poor at WTO

BYLINE: By DENIS STAUNTON

SECTION: CITY EDITION; BUSINESS & FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 587 words

DATELINE: DOHA


Irish anti-poverty campaigners have called on Irish ministers to take a strong
stand in favour of poorer countries at the WTO conference in Doha. They want the
Minister for Agriculture, Mr Walsh, to agree to the abolition of farm subsidies,
which developing countries claim create an unfair advantage for rich countries.

Tr caire's policy analyst, Ms Maura Leen, praised the commitment of the Minister
for State for Trade and Enterprise, Mr Tom Kitt, to giving developing countries
better terms and conditions.

But she said he should put pressure on other EU member-states to take a more
sympathetic approach to poor countries' concerns over how the WTO "TRIPS"
agreement, which protects patent rights, affects their ability to deal with
illnesses such as HIV/Aids, malaria and tuberculosis.

"We would hope that Ireland will listen sympathetically to the views of
developing countries and push hard for the public health consequences of TRIPS
to be addressed," she said.

Although fewer representatives of non-governmental organisations (NGOs) are in
Doha than were present when the WTO met in Seattle two years ago, a small group
of campaigners travelled as observers with the Irish delegation.

Mr Conall O'Caoimh of Comhl mh and Ms Leen are representing Dochas, an umbrella
group of Irish NGOs. Mr David Joyce, development officer at the Irish Congress
of Trade Unions (ICTU), is also attending the conference.

Mr Joyce said the issue of agricultural subsidies was likely to be key to
achieving agreement for the launch of a new trade round.

"Some of the stronger developing countries are here with a strong mandate to
achieve real progress on agricultural subsidies. I think it is very significant
that Joe Walsh has decided to come here. I think he knows the writing is on the
wall. The EU can't get a new round without giving something on agricultural
subsidies," he said.

Developing countries complain that EU farm aid, especially export subsidies and
the US system of export credits, create unfair obstacles to farmers from poorer
countries. A draft declaration calls for the phasing out of such subsidies, but
some EU member-states face enormous political pressure to avoid taking any step
that could damage the interests of their own farmers.

Ms Leen believes agriculture ministers should accept that change is inevitable.
"The Common Agricultural Policy is being reformed in any case and the
liberalisation of agriculture is happening over time," she said. Mr Joyce backs
a demand by the EU that labour rights should be incorporated into trade talks
and that the WTO should consult formally with the International Labour
Organisation (ILO). But he acknowledges that opposition from poorer countries
such as India, which fear that the imposition of minimum labour standards would
favour developed countries, is so great that the move has little chance of being
accepted.

"It's not surprising that developing countries are suspicious. But if they look
closely at the proposal, they will see that it is very modest and is not
protectionist in any way," he said.

Ms Leen argues that it is more important to ensure that existing trade rules are
applied fairly than to launch a new round of talks. But Mr Joyce, who favours a
new round, believes that, if the EU and the US are willing to compromise, the
chances of success are good.

"The EU and the US want a new round more than the developing countries do. So
the developing countries are in a relatively strong position," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2001 The Irish Times

                              452 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

BRIEF: State aids in investigation of DuPont's role in tree destruction

BYLINE: Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 212 words


Sept. 19--ST. PAUL -- The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announced Monday
that DuPont has been fined nearly $2 billion for its role in the widespread
death and damage of trees across the Midwest.

The company has been penalized for failing to submit reports to the EPA about
the potential adverse effects of Imprelis, a turf herbicide. The Minnesota
Department of Agriculture aided in the investigation.

The EPA says DuPont also sold Imprelis with labeling that didn't ensure its safe
use. When customers applied the misbranded product, it led to widespread death
and damage to trees.

The MDA first learned of problems in Minnesota in 2011, then gathered
information through investigations and surveys to help assess the scope of the
damage. Cases of tree damage and death from Imprelis hit especially hard in
Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan and Ohio.

The herbicide was registered with the EPA in 2010, and was sold primarily to
commercial pesticide control services for controlling weeds in lawns, parks,
golf courses and athletic fields.

The product registration for Imprelis expired Sept. 8, and DuPont is no longer
selling the product.

___ (c)2014 the Post-Bulletin Visit the Post-Bulletin at www.postbulletin.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140919-RC-BRF-State-aids
-in-investigation-of-DuPont-s-role-in-tree-destruction-0919-20140919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2014 Post-Bulletin

                              453 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           January 18, 2001, Thursday

USDA: Another farm bailout needed; Low commodity prices: Without aid, farm
income will dip 10%, officials estimate

BYLINE: ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: Pg. a10

LENGTH: 382 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, N.J. (AP)


WASHINGTON (AP) - Farm income will decrease 10 percent this year without another
multibillion-dollar bailout from Congress to compensate producers for low
commodity prices, the Agriculture Department said Wednesday.

The department estimated net farm income will dip to $ 41.3 billion this year, $
4.1 billion less than last year, without a special aid program. In 2000, farmers
received $8 billion in emergency assistance from Congress, boosting net farm
income to $ 45.4 billion.

Average farm income for the 1990s was $ 45.3 billion per year.

Last year was the third year in a row that Congress has approved a
multibillion-dollar aid package to supplement the government's permanent farm
assistance. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said this week that another aid
package will be needed this year.

Farm groups already are developing a request. "We're working on a plan with the
rest of the commodity groups ... even as we speak to see if we can come up with
a consensus," said Mary Kay Thatcher, a lobbyist for the American Farm Bureau
Federation.

Crop prices plummeted in the late 1990s because of lagging exports and heavy
worldwide production.

"By historical standards, the last five years have been an unusually favorable
period for crop production," according to a report issued by the USDA's Economic
Research Service. "Not only has there been little adverse weather, but rainfall
has also been generally abundant and timely, not only in the United States but
also in the world's major agricultural producing countries."

Farmers received a record $ 22.1 billion in direct government payments last
year, including the emergency aid, $6.4 billion in crop subsidies and other
assistance.

Commodity prices are expected to rise enough to provide some help to farmers and
taxpayers. Federal crop subsidies, known to farmers as loan-deficiency payments,
are expected to drop $ 2 billion this year.

The USDA expects improvement for both crop and livestock farmers.

Total crop production for 2001 is projected to rise $ 4.7 billion to $ 101
billion. Total livestock production is estimated at $ 100.2 billion for 2001, up
$ 1 billion from last year, with the gains coming in higher prices for milk and
hogs. Income from cattle are expected to decline slightly.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001, Telegraph-Herald

                              454 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      July 5, 1993, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Clinton pledges flood aid for Midwest

BYLINE: (Special)(CHICAGO TRIBUNE)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 191 words

DATELINE: MOLINE, Ill.


   MOLINE, Ill. (Special) - U.S. President Bill Clinton inspected flood-damaged
areas of Illinois and Iowa yesterday, pledging to release nearly $300 million in
additional disaster funds.

He also promised to ask Congress to approve even more aid to flood victims.

As the National Guard and others continued efforts to contain the swollen
Mississippi River, Clinton stopped here to view firsthand the results of the
worst flood in more than 100 years.

Clinton and Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy met with about 150 farmers and
business owners at a farm in Eldridge, Iowa, near Davenport, where flood damage
has been particularly severe.

In Manitoba, hundreds of people evacuated from a flooded town were allowed to
return to their homes today, but a state of emergency remained in effect as rain
continued to pour on the northern part of the province, Canadian Press reports.

An evacuation order for Minitonas, about 400 kilometres (252 miles) northwest of
Winnipeg, was lifted early this morning by the town's mayor, said Diana Soroka,
a spokesperson for Manitoba's Emergency Measures Organization.

CHICAGO TRIBUNE

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: REUTER photo: TROUBLED WATERS: U.S. President Bill Clinton, centre, and
Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy, right, meet with city and state officials on a
bridge in flood-ravaged Davenport, Iowa, yesterday.

                  Copyright 1993 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              455 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                    February 14, 2001 Wednesday 1ST EDITION

Farmers group sees seeds of disaster Rising costs for energy hit profits hard

BYLINE: By Steve Raabe, Denver Post Business Writer,

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 616 words


Colorado's farmers and others across the nation face a  catastrophic drop in
income because of soaring energy and  fertilizer prices, an agriculture group
said Tuesday.

Already beset with low crop prices, farmers could face an  additional decline of
20 percent in net farm income over the next  two years without an emergency
infusion of federal aid, according  to the Food and Agricultural Policy Research
Institute at the  University of Missouri.

The policy group said in a report to Congress that farmers  may be hit with an
income loss of $ 9 billion by 2003 before  commodity prices are expected to
rise, helping turn around the  farm sector.

'I'm very concerned,' said vegetable grower Bob Sakata,  president of
Brighton-based Sakata Farms. 'Our cash flow was way  off last year because of
energy costs, and this year we'll be hit  with a double whammy because of higher
fertilizer costs.'

Natural gas is used in the manufacture of nitrogen-based  fertilizer. Many
Colorado farmers also use natural gas to fuel  irrigation pumps that supply
center-pivot sprinklers.

'There's no question that given the higher input costs and  lower commodity
prices, I will lose money this year,' said Steve  Scott of Scott Farm
Enterprises in Burlington, a grower of wheat,  corn and beans.

Scott said his cost for anhydrous ammonia, a common farm  fertilizer, has risen
to $ 425 a ton this year from $ 255 a ton last  year.

Speakers at the Colorado Agricultural Outlook Forum held  Tuesday in Denver said
it is probable that Congress will include  more emergency aid in a current farm
bill.

'Congress will address the issue,' said Barry Flinchbaugh,  chairman of the
Commission on 21st Century Production Agriculture  and a farm economist at
Kansas State University.

'Clearly the cloud on the horizon is energy costs,' said  Flinchbaugh, a keynote
speaker at the agriculture forum. 'The  average farmer cannot absorb these
higher costs.'

Colorado Agriculture Commissioner Don Ament said his  discussions with the
state's farmers show that energy and  fertilizer costs are a big concern.

'Nobody anticipated the types of increases we've seen in  natural gas prices on
top of low crop prices,' Ament said. 'You  don't have to be too much of a
dreamer to put all this together  and see that it spells trouble.'

Farmers received $ 8 billion in emergency aid last year.  Congress will begin
hearings this month on a long-term overhaul of  farm policy that includes
proposals for a new system for  subsidizing growers when crop income is down.

The report released Tuesday estimates that net farm income  will drop from $
45.4 billion last year to $ 39.6 billion in 2001  and $ 36.3 billion in 2002
before starting to turn around in the  following years as commodity prices rise.

Farm income peaked at $ 55 billion in 1996.

Government payments have been soaring since then, topping $ 22  billion last
year - triple what they were in 1996.

The cost of fuel that farmers need for tractors, combines and  irrigation
equipment jumped 31 percent last year, according to the  report.

Prices may drop slightly in coming months, but growers are  expected to be hit
this year with a 33 percent cost increase for  fertilizer, the congressionally
funded institute reported.

Meanwhile, the price of corn has averaged less than $ 2 a  bushel without a
significant increase for several years.

Cattle producers are in the best shape, in part because of  rising beef
consumption and the low grain prices, which result in  lower feed costs.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Denver Post file photo/John Epperson Higher energy prices affect
farmers in many ways. Natural gas is used to fuel irrigation pumps that supply
center-pivot sprinklers like this one. The cost of fuel for tractors, combines
and irrigation equipment jumped 31 percent in 2000.

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              456 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 22, 2007 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Bush Administration Gains Support for New Approach on Global Food Aid

BYLINE: By CELIA W. DUGGER

SECTION: Section 1; Column 1; Foreign Desk; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1289 words

DATELINE: KANSAS CITY, Mo., April 19


Waiters in white aprons maneuvered through a noisy cocktail party here Tuesday
evening, offering heaping platters of jumbo shrimp, lamb chops and crab-stuffed
mushrooms to a crowd of people in town for an annual food aid conference
dedicated to ending world hunger.

As shipping and agribusiness executives, charitable workers, lobbyists and
federal employees mingled at Morton's steakhouse, Charles Worledge, who works
for the Long Island-based Sealift Inc., a major shipper of American food to the
hungry, offered an insight essential to understanding the politics of food aid.

''I thought this was a charity,'' he explained during the party, for which
another shipping company played host. ''It's not. It's a business.''

It was here in Kansas City, at the 2005 food aid conference, that the Bush
administration pushed for a fundamental change in food aid that would have
diminished profits to domestic agribusiness and shipping companies. It proposed
allowing a quarter of the Food for Peace budget to be used to buy food in poor
countries near hunger crises, rather than buying only American-grown food that
had to be shipped across oceans.

And Secretary of Agriculture Mike Johanns spoke at the conference on Wednesday
to again make the administration's case for the same idea, contending that such
a policy would speed delivery, improve efficiency and save many lives.

Congress in each of the past two years killed the proposal, which was opposed by
agribusiness and shipping interests who stood to lose business, even as it won
support from liberal Democrats like Representatives Barney Frank of
Massachusetts and Earl Blumenauer of Oregon -- generally not a subset of
lawmakers found in the president's corner.

But there are signs that the frozen politics of the issue are beginning to thaw,
especially as evidence of flaws in the current aid system mounts.

A Government Accountability Office report released on the eve of this conference
described in stark detail a system rife with inefficiencies: the amount of food
shipped over the past five years has fallen by half as shipping and other
logistical costs have soared. Only a little more than a third of federal food
aid spending actually buys food. The United States feeds about 70 million people
a year now instead of the more than 100 million it fed five years ago.

And experts worry that the food aid budget will feed even fewer of the world's
850 million hungry people as soaring demand for corn to make ethanol drives up
the cost of that staple, a mainstay of food aid programs.

This year, some farm state lawmakers are for the first time considering backing
a pilot program to test buying food overseas. Representative Jo Ann Emerson, a
Missouri Republican on the Agricultural Subcommittee of the House Appropriations
Committee, opposes major changes in food aid, but, she said, ''doing a small
demonstration is fine with me.''

''If it turns out to work better in some places than others,'' she said, ''I
don't have a big problem with that.''

And some influential supporters of the administration's more ambitious proposal,
contained in the farm bill, are speaking out. Former President Bill Clinton
recently said at a fund-raiser for Bread for the World, a Christian group that
lobbies on hunger issues, that it was to Mr. Bush's ''everlasting credit'' that
he had proposed buying food aid in poor countries. Such a policy had never
crossed his mind when he was president, Mr. Clinton said, but he thought it was
a great way to help farmers in Africa and buy food more efficiently.

And while an alliance of 15 nonprofit groups involved in food aid has endorsed
only a pilot program for local purchase, Catholic Relief Services, which has a
million donors and links with 13,000 parishes, has embraced the administration's
proposal. Addressing hundreds of people assembled at the conference, Ken
Hackett, president of the agency, which is a major player in food aid, declared,
''C.R.S. supports the administration's request for greater flexibility through
local purchase.''

At perhaps no time since the government's food aid program was created during
the Eisenhower administration over a half century ago has there been more
ferment about its future among scholars, politicians and advocates for the poor.

The curious mix of altruistic and self-interested motivations that animate
American food aid spring from its origins. Early in the 1950s, the government
was the farmer's buyer of last resort when commodity prices fell, and as a
result it sat on mountains of grain. Public Law 480 and the Food for Peace
program, adopted in 1954, provided a way to dispose of the surplus grain, which
was costly to store, and at the same time feed the world's hungry people. The
law mandated that food for the program be grown domestically.

Over the years, the farm programs evolved, and the government shifted to buying
virtually all food on the open market, but the requirement that it be grown in
the United States never changed. In recent years, the United States has bought
more than half the food for its aid programs from just four agribusinesses and
their subsidiaries: Archer Daniels Midland, Cargill, Bunge and Cal Western
Packaging, according to the Agriculture Department.

Some researchers and advocates say it is time to rethink the American approach
to fighting world hunger.

''Are we committed to eradicating hunger because it's feasible, not terribly
expensive and our moral obligation as the richest society in human history?''
asked Christopher B. Barrett, a Cornell University economist and the co-author
of ''Food Aid After Fifty Years.'' ''Or are we just trying to placate a few
agribusiness, shipping and NGO constituencies with a handout?'' referring to
nongovernmental organizations.

But some in Congress, as well as lobbyists for interest groups that benefit from
food aid, warn that untying aid from requirements that the food be grown in
America and mostly shipped on American-flagged vessels would shatter the
political coalition that has sustained the program for decades and made the
United States the world's largest food aid donor. They also warn that cash sent
to poor countries can be misused or stolen, and that a mismanaged program to buy
food in poor countries could drive up food prices.

Still, even here at the food aid conference organized by the Department of
Agriculture and the Agency for International Development, some participants were
talking up approaches that would sound heretical to old-line champions of food
aid.

Marv Baldwin, president of the Foods Resource Bank, a Christian nonprofit group
dedicated to fighting hunger, described how more than a thousand farmers have
turned American-style food aid on its head.

They are raising farm animals and growing crops on some 7,000 acres across
America. They donate their land, labor and the use of their equipment, and
church groups help raise cash for fuel and fertilizer. But instead of shipping
the crops and animals to poor lands to feed the hungry, the farmers sell them in
the United States. The Foods Resource Bank then spends the money from those
sales in developing countries to buy seeds, fertilizer, tools and other goods
poor farmers say they need to grow food for their families.

Vernon Sloan, 81, used to donate and ship corn he grew on his 200- acre farm in
Ohio to Haiti, Liberia and Angola to feed the hungry. But after years of working
with the Foods Resource Bank, he said in an interview, he concluded that it was
more practical to sell the crops here, avoid the huge shipping expense and use
the proceeds to help farmers in Africa support themselves. ''It's what's needed
there,'' he said, ''rather than what we think they need.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company

                              457 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             May 5, 1999, Wednesday

Analysts: beef tenders to Russia may be too late

BYLINE: BY JOHN HELMER

SECTION: COMMODITIES/CHEMICALS/ENERGY; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 665 words

DATELINE: MOSCOW


Russian government officials and American meatpackers have been asking,
""Where's the beef?''

The answer from the U.S. Department of Agriculture: Tenders for shipments to
Russia will be issued this week.

But analysts say that Russia's meat shortage has passed, courtesy of assistance
from the European Union, thus making any U.S. assistance effort a questionable
exercise.

The American and European aid programs were first devised last year, following
the mid-August collapse of the Russian financial system and a fourfold
devaluation of the ruble. Meat, grain, and milk-powder donations were planned to
meet expected shortfalls in domestic supplies.

But Russian officials said months of delay in negotiating the preliminaries
means the food aid is arriving during the spring and summer seasons, when
domestic Russian supplies, and low-cost food from neighboring Ukraine and
Belarus, are plentiful in the marketplace.

The U.S. food aid program to Russia, formally agreed to last December, includes
120,000 tons of beef and 50,000 tons of pork. More than a month ago, USDA
officials met in Washington with representatives of the meat-packing companies,
such as Monfort and Iowa Beef Processors, to tell them that purchase tenders
were on the way.

On April 9, USDA formally authorized funds for the purchases. And this week
USDA, with assistance from a working group of U.S. and Russian officials in
Moscow, have finalized the tender offer process.

But the delay in releasing the bids has some critics asking: Why bother?

""There are mutually conflicting claims about what is going on,'' said one
trader. ""The whole thing is so politicized, I don't want to get caught between
those people.''

Another trade source said he believed USDA had slowed the tender process fearing
a backlash of reaction in the United States, in response to vocal opposition by
the Russian government to the U.S. bombing campaign in Yugoslavia.

U.S. officials emphatically deny the charge. They attribute the delays to
technical details that had to be negotiated before the purchase specifications
could be fixed.

According to one source, it has taken longer than expected for U.S. and Russian
officials to agree on exactly what cuts of meat should be included in the
delivery program. The Russians reportedly have favored higher-quality cuts for
direct consumption, while the Americans preferred to offer lower- quality cuts
for processing into sausage.

That issue has been resolved, a U.S. source said Friday, noting that the tenders
will ""probably'' go out this week.

At the same time, EU officials say the delivery schedule for their beef and pork
aid to Russia has slipped, but that sea and truck shipments are ""mostly on
schedule.''

The EU agreed in February to deliver 150,000 tons of beef and 100,000 tons of
pork to Russia. EU officials acknowledge that until very recently, they were
unable to agree with their Russian counterparts on the price at which their food
products should be sold.

According to one source in Moscow, there were disagreements over what the
prevailing market price payable for the goods should be. Also in dispute were
the costs of transport and processing meat deliveries that can be deducted from
the gross sales price, before the receipts must be deposited in the special bank
accounts the EU has established.

According to the EU pact with Russia, the money from these accounts will be
spent to clear arrears in payment of pensions and other government welfare
obligations. The U.S. food aid agreement with Russia makes similar arrangements.

To check that these are being faithfully implemented, the United States has
appointed special monitors. For its part, the EU is spending several million
dollars on a special auditing contract.

European officials claim they have been able to start deliveries, and activate
the logistic chain, as they negotiated a solution to technical and financial
details of their beef and pork programs.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                              458 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           December 21, 1990, Friday

PORT OF LAKE CHARLES BENEFITS FROM FOOD FOR PEACE SHIPMENTS

BYLINE: Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: MARITIME, Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 300 words

DATELINE: LAKE CHARLES, La.


The Port of Lake Charles is reaping the benefits of a change in U.S. law
governing the allocation of food aid cargoes among ports.

Lake Charles officials say their port won the lion's share of shipments that
will be exported in December under the U.S. Department of Agriculture Public aw
480 program, also known as Food for Peace.

The Louisiana port received 39 percent of the nationwide total of 142,000 short
tons of milled rice and beans, peas and lentils available for shipment this
month, the port said.

With the USDA no longer required to route a fixed portion of food aid shipments
through Great Lakes ports this year, more of those shipments have been moving
through Gulf ports such as Lake Charles.

As a result, Lake Charles is handling record volumes of breakbulk cargoes, the
Lake Charles Harbor & Terminal District said in announcing the port's cargo
volume figures for the third quarter of 1990.

A compromise measure enacted by Congress earlier this year will restore the
so-called Great Lakes set-aside, but at a much lower level than existed before
the program was allowed to expire at the end of 1989.

Breakbulk cargoes include foodstuffs such as flour, beans, rice, peas and
lentils, as well as forest products.

Breakbulk volume at the Louisiana port climbed 4 percent to 131,639 short tons
in the recent quarter, from 126,000 short tons during the same period of 1989.
Flour shipments surged 317 percent, to 8,262 short tons, while forest products
jumped 329 percent to 33,293 shorttons. Port figures show similar volume gains
for the first nine months of 1990, compared with the same period of 1989.

Foodstuffs account for 65 percent of the port's general cargo volume.

Lake Charles handled 417,208 tons of containerized carg o during the third
quarter.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                              459 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            September 3, 2001 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Education by the Numbers

SECTION: ; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 347 words


While education mostly is a state and local responsibility, the federal
government contributes to schools through Title I grants to disadvantaged
students, the Agriculture Department's school lunch program and college
financial aid, among other programs. Here is a numerical look at the
government's role in education and facts about the nation's schools.

* Percentage of national education spending that comes from the federal
government: 9 percent

* Amount of money the federal government spent on elementary and secondary
education in 2000: $ 40 billion.

* Portion of federal budget that goes to the Department of Education: 2 percent.

* Approximate number of Education Department employees: 4,700.

* Year original Education Department was created: 1867.

* Year Education Department became a Cabinet-level agency: 1980.

* Percentage of undergraduate college students who received financial aid in the
1999-2000 school year: 39 percent.

* Average amount of federal student aid received by undergraduate college
students in 1999-2000 school year: $ 5,230.

* Amount of Title I money allocated to the District of Columbia in the 2000-2001
school year: $ 25.6 million.

* Amount of Title I money allocated to Maryland in the 2000-2001 school year: $
104.4 million.

* Amount of Title I money allocated to Virginia in the 2000-2001 school year: $
120.5 million.

* Number of students who receive low-cost free lunches through the Agriculture
Department's school lunch program: 27 million.

* Cost of national school lunch program in fiscal 2000: $ 5.6 billion.

* Amount a school is reimbursed for each free lunch it serves: $ 2.09.

* Number of children enrolled in public elementary and secondary schools: 47
million.

* Percentage of people 16 to 24 years old who have dropped out of high school:
11 percent.

* Number of computers available for use in elementary and secondary classrooms:
10.5 million.

* Percentage of public schools with Internet access in fall 1999: 95 percent.

SOURCES: Census Bureau, National Center for Educational Statistics, Agriculture
Department.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post

                              460 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 10, 2014 Monday
                                Suburban Edition

States find ways to skirt food-stamp cuts, thwarting congressional spending
goals

BYLINE: Derek Wallbank;Alan Bjerga;- Bloomberg News

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 814 words


Congress last month passed a revamp of agriculture and food policy that was
supposed to save the U.S. government $8.6 billion in food-stamp costs over a
decade.

That may not happen, though, now that some states are finding a way to avoid the
cuts.

New York, Connecticut and Pennsylvania are triggering extra nutrition spending
by adding money to a home-heating subsidy tied to increased food-stamp aid. The
move feeds needy families while thwarting spending-reduction goals.

Deficit watchers say they are disappointed, while anti-hunger activists are
lobbying other states to do the same. If more follow, the federal government
would have to spend much of the $8.6 billion it planned to save, as states
reduce spending on other programs to meet the new mandate.

"Some states will be able to do it, some states will not be able to. No one
knows for how long they'll be able to do it," Rep. Rosa DeLauro (D-Conn.) said.
"They have jumped into the breach where the federal government abdicated its
responsibility."

Federal spending on food stamps - formally called the Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program - has more than doubled in the past five years, with most of
the money spent at retailers. The program cost a record $79.9 billion in fiscal
2013, almost one-eighth of the roughly $650 billion a year that Americans spend
on groceries.

Some of that food aid is tied to the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program,
also known by its acronym, LIHEAP.

Under the previous farm law, states that gave residents as little as $1 a year
in home-heating assistance -  a move nicknamed "heat-and-eat" - could qualify
that person's household for an average of $1,080 in additional food stamps
annually from the U.S. government.

About 15 states and the District of Columbia did just that, catching the
attention of lawmakers who sought savings through the farm bill. "States were
gaming the system," Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.) said last month.

The new law raises to $20 a year the home-heating aid needed for a household to
get extra food-stamp money. The idea is that most of those 15 states will stop
qualifying residents for the food aid and save the U.S. government money.

That's not happening in New York. The state said it raised home-heating spending
by $6 million, triggering an additional $457 million a year in federal
food-stamp spending.

Lawmakers who supported even deeper cuts to food stamps than those eventually
included in the farm law have criticized states for using the rules to erode
savings.

"We didn't expect that, or we would've written it in the language to prohibit
it," said Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa), chairman of the House Agriculture
subcommittee that oversees food stamps and nutrition aid. The move, though
legal, is "perverse, just perverse," he said.

States pushing to maintain the aid call it necessary.

"These federal cuts have made it harder for our state's most vulnerable
residents to put food on the table. The state has intervened on behalf of these
low-income New Yorkers," Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo (D) said in a statement Feb 25.
"New York is stepping up to help families in need."

Connecticut is spending an extra $1.4 million to preserve federal food-stamp
money for about 50,000 households, Gov. Dan Malloy (D) said the day before
Cuomo's announcement. Pennsylvania said Wednesday that it will spend $8 million
to preserve $300 million in food-stamp funding for up to 400,000 families.

The moves are encouraging in their commitment to helping the hungry, said Ellen
Vollinger, a food-stamp lobbyist with the Food Research and Action Center in
Washington.

At the same time, it's frustrating that states may have to divert resources from
other necessary programs to counteract congressional budget cuts, she said.

"This was always budget-driven," Vollinger said. "Discussions in Washington can
be academic, but $90 a month for needy families is a real number. It's shifting
a burden to the states, and it's doubtful how many of them will be able to do
it."

Vollinger said anti-hunger activists are lobbying states affected by mandates in
the new law to increase their home-heating assistance.

Recently, 16 senators and 81 House members wrote to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture seeking a delay in the food-stamp cuts. The agency, in a memo to
states on Wednesday, said it cannot put off the reductions.

Meanwhile, budget watchdogs who supported the cuts are not pleased, either.

"True reform would have included stringent work requirements for food-stamp
eligibility," said Andy Roth, government affairs vice president with Club for
Growth, a Washington small-government advocacy group. "Even better, devolve the
program back to the states" as block grants, which would end the temptation to
exploit quirks in federal law, he said.

About 47 million Americans got food stamps in November, the latest month for
which data were available, the USDA said Friday.

- Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved

                              461 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             April 5, 2008 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

KIND, RYAN ARE WRONG

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 260 words


Rep. Ron Kind, who has worked with East Coast think tanks to undermine the
safety net for working farmers in Wisconsin throughout the current farm bill
fight, is playing a dangerous game when he seeks to pit supporters of
conservation programs against supporters of permanent agricultural disaster
assistance.

Both conservation and disaster assistance funding needs to be in the farm bill.

Kind, a La Crosse Democrat, and Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Janesville, are trying to
suggest that disaster aid will be "monopolized" by farmers in a few states while
voluntary conservation programs can help farmers everywhere. But what Kind is
not saying is that availability of disaster aid determines whether farm families
that have been hit by storms, floods or other natural catastrophes can stay on
the land.

Funding a permanent disaster assistance program would provide working farmers
with protections they currently lack.

Instead of playing games with the farm bill, Kind, Ryan and their allies should
be working with the House Agriculture Committee to ensure that the legislation
includes adequate funding for conservation and disaster relief programs.

Unfortunately, Kind is more interested in eliminating protections for working
farmers, as part of an initiative that would ultimately give corporate
agribusiness the upper hand in American agriculture, than in doing right by
them.

Kind has consistently taken stands that, while popular with think tanks in New
York and Washington, have been opposed by all the major groups representing
working farmers. He is doing so again.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Ron Kind

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              462 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            August 15, 1993, Sunday

SOUTH IN BRIEF Women literally build better lives in rural Mississippi

BYLINE: Compiled by Mike Smith

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 4

LENGTH: 464 words


A tiny spot near Sumner, Miss., has been transformed from Dirty Corners to New
Hope, thanks to two women who were determined that their families and three
others would lead better lives.

The women wrote to Mike Espy, who was their congressman at the time and now is
U.S. secretary of agriculture. He turned for help to the United Parcel Service
Foundation and a federal housing program. The UPS group gave $ 100,000 for
building materials, and Delta Housing Development Corp. obtained other funds and
taught the families building skills.

The five families now are living in new homes instead of shacks. "We got
everything," says Marie Woodson, 10, whose mother, Susan, helped get the ball
rolling. "In the old house, we didn't have a bathroom. It was outside. When I
had to go to the bathroom, I would put my shoes on."

BATTLE OF THE BOOKS: The Bradley County (Tenn.) Commission, siding with library
officials and staff, voted overwhelmingly last week to keep 18 library books
about AIDS, sex education and the supernatural. The Concerned Women of America
chapter in Cleveland was demanding that the commission fire the head librarian
and the library's oversight board as well as remove the books, which included
such titles as "A Young Man's Guide to Sex" and "What's Happening to My Body." A
couple of hundred people attended the special commission meeting, and most
applauded after the 11-2 vote in favor of the books.

HIGH AND DRY: A posh Palm Beach, Fla., yacht club lost its state docks recently
over allegations that its members regularly blackball minorities who wish to
join. By unanimous vote, Gov. Lawton Chiles and his Cabinet stripped the
Sailfish Club of use of the docks and said the state would tear them down in six
months if the club hasn't done so before then. The club says it has some Jewish
members but acknowledges having no black ones. The state officials threatened
similar action against any other yacht club found to discriminate.

SAY WHAT?

"I knew there were good people in this world, and I know where they are. They're
down South." - Joyce Lane of Brooklyn, N.Y., after learning that a South
Carolina man whom she has never met has been raising funds to ship home the body
of her son Cameron, who was killed in a drug dispute in Charleston. Doug
Gilmore, a drug abuse counselor, said he started the fund because he thinks the
dead man, "regardless of his lifestyle, deserves a decent burial." HED ELSEWHERE

A Greeneville, Tenn., lawyer was sentenced to 10 days in jail and fined $ 50 for
punching another lawyer in the eye during a court hearing involving a hotly
contested child custody case. . . . Broward County, Fla., police arrested a
71-year-old woman on crack cocaine charges - as a granddaughter and two
great-grandchildren watched.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932290189

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution

                              463 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              August 05, 1999, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Senate okays $ 7.4-billion in farm assistance

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 405 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



The Senate on Wednesday approved $ 7.4-billion in emergency aid for farmers hurt
by depressed crop prices and brutal droughts, setting the stage for negotiations
with the House.

The money was added by voice vote to the Agriculture Department spending bill
for the fiscal year beginning Oct. 1.

Fiscal conservatives warned that Congress is sending the message that its
generosity to farmers knows almost no bounds. The Senate measure would take more
than half of next year's projected $ 14-billion budget surplus.

A House-Senate committee will negotiate the final bill.

Holbrooke moves closer

to Senate confirmation

WASHINGTON - After 14 months, the last remaining obstacle to Senate confirmation
of Richard Holbrooke as U.N. ambassador fell Wednesday as Iowa Republican
Charles Grassley dropped his hold on the nomination and switched it to three
other diplomatic appointments.

With other senators abandoning efforts to hold Holbrooke hostage for unrelated
concessions by the Clinton administration, Grassley's action appeared to clear
the way for Holbrooke's confirmation before Congress leaves this week.

Grassley said he had no more objection to these three than he did to Holbrooke.

He said he was using them to force the State Department to protect whistle
blowers and reach a deal with Linda Shenwick, an employee who complained to
Congress about mismanagement at the United Nations and was reassigned.

Liberians in U.S. may

lose protected status

The State Department said Wednesday that while Liberia continues to struggle
from the effects of civil war, the West African nation is stable and it is
recommending that the 1,000 to 1,500 Liberians granted special status return
home by Sept. 28.

After civil war erupted in 1989, Liberians were granted temporary permission to
live and work in the United States. The special immigration status was extended
year after year, and many Liberians were able to begin new lives.

While the country is largely at peace, much of it is still without electricity
and passable roads, and supplies remain short.

The Temporary Protected Status allows foreigners to stay in the United States if
their home countries suffer political violence or natural disasters.

Liberians whose temporary protected status expires have the right to apply for
political asylum.

Liberia's civil war ravaged the country from 1989 to 1996, leaving an estimated
200,000 people dead.


LOAD-DATE: August 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company

                              464 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 16, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

THE BUDGET DEAL: AGRICULTURE;
Proposed Farm Aid Signals A Shift in Economic Winds

BYLINE: By DIRK JOHNSON, By The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 25; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 693 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, Oct. 15


The agreement to spend $6 billion on the nation's farmers marks a departure, at
least in spirit, from a landmark 1996 measure intended to move agriculture into
a free market economy.

The aid, which comes in addition to the more than $5 billion that has already
been appropriated for farmers this year, is intended to salve an agricultural
economy that has been hurt by weather disasters, crop diseases and falling
commodity prices.

The bid to rescue farmers is a contrast to the 1996 law, under which subsidies
will be phased out by 2002.

"Congress is demonstrating an unwillingness to let the free market control the
agricultural economy -- at least in an election year," said Neil Harl, an
agricultural economist at Iowa State University. "There is a big upside to the
market approach. And there's a big downside. And that downside causes pain."

The bill earmarks about $3 billion for farmers hurt by disaster, especially in
the Southwest and the upper Great Plains. Farmers in Oklahoma and Texas endured
severe drought, while those in the Dakotas saw crops devastated by disease.

The bill also includes about $2.5 billion to help farmers hurt by falling crop
prices, a result of stronger foreign competition, especially in South America,
as well as weaker import demands, particularly in Asia. Prices have also been
driven down by the good weather that brought abundant harvests in the central
Midwestern states, which produce most of the nation's corn and soybeans.

"This is definitely going to help," said Brent Kleinsasser, a grain farmer in
Huron, S.D. "But is it going to make or break many farmers? I don't think so."

The measure also gives $200 million in subsidies to dairy farmers, although milk
prices have strongly rebounded lately, and $200 million for stockmen, especially
in the Southwest, where forage for grazing cattle burned in the intense heat.

The bill was a compromise between a Republican measure that would have spent
about $4.2 billion and a Democratic version that would have spent about $7
billion. President Clinton vetoed the Republican measure last week.

Farm groups generally praised the bill. Mary Kay Thatcher, a spokeswoman for the
American Farm Bureau, which usually supports the Republican view on agriculture,
said the measure kept the Federal Government out of farming decisions, a tenet
of the 1996 measure.

Democrats in the Upper Great Plains, sometimes known as the "prairie populists"
-- a group that includes Senator Tom Daschle of South Dakota -- had hoped to
restore some Government control over planting decisions that were eliminated by
the 1996 law. In the view of some critics of the 1996 measure, including the
more liberal National Farmers Union, the free market approach has led to
overproduction of some crops, causing prices to fall.

"We've seen what happens when the market takes over -- prices drop through the
floor," said Marilyn Wentz, a spokeswoman for the National Farmers Union. Ms.
Wentz said the new money would help many farmers avoid foreclosure. Nearly a
quarter of farmers in some parts of the Southwest had been facing financial
failure, she said.

The bill also underscores the powerful influence of agriculture on the nation's
political debate. Only about 600,000 commercial farmers remain, but millions of
Americans can trace their ancestry to the farm and see the way of life as a
symbol of American virtue.

Support for the subsidies started last summer, when politicians in the Dakotas
urged President Clinton to help farmers with a payment of $500 million. Farmers
and politicians in other states then called for relief, as crop prices fell.

Critics of subsidies have long complained that farmers have no special right to
a safety net. Unsuccessful farms should fail, just like unsuccessful drug stores
and auto repair shops, critics say.

But Mr. Kleinsasser, the South Dakota farmer, said farmers were not the only
ones who gained from aid to agriculture.

"The more farms there are, the longer food will stay cheap," he said. "When you
get a handful of big corporations that control food production, the prices would
go way up."
   DIRK JOHNSON

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company

                              465 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             October 2, 1998 Friday
                                  City Edition

Bereuter path on farm aid best approach

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 442 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


First District Rep. Doug Bereuter has a sound, responsible approach to helping
farmers at a time when commodity prices have plunged to lows not seen since the
1980s. Breaking with his GOP cohorts, Bereuter said this week the Republican
plan "is not sufficiently generous" to meet the needs of agriculture under
current economic conditions.

House and Senate conferees Wednesday chose the Republican plan, which would
provide $4 billion in aid, over a Democratic plan which would have provided $7.1
billion in tax subsidies to farmers.

Agriculture was one of the first sectors of the economy to be buffeted by the
Asian financial crisis. Export markets in some Asian nations have virtually
evaporated. Now markets in Latin America also are being affected.

In addition to providing a cushion against low prices, the aid package under
consideration in Congress is intended to help farmers who have been hit by
drought and other adverse weather conditions.

Debate over the size of an aid package for farmers unfortunately has bogged down
in partisan rhetoric and a running debate over the five-year Freedom to Farm act
approved by Congress in 1996.

The Republican aid package unfortunately also rejects other measures that would
provide substantial benefit to agriculture. For example, it does not require
mandatory price reporting, which would allow cattle producers to know what
packing plants are paying for beef.

It also does not include a provision to require labeling showing the national
origin of meat. The measure would allow consumers to select beef produced in the
U.S. rather than other countries.While pushing for more financial help for
farmers, Bereuter rightly resists a return to previous ag policies that are part
of the Democratic approach, which would base subsidies for grain farmers on the
so-called loan rate.

Previous farm policy was based on a heavily bureaucratic approach with strict
government dictates. Proponents of the Freedom to Farm act left more
decision-making to farmers, at the same time leaving them more subject to market
pressures.

In the long run, the market-oriented approach under Freedom to Farm will benefit
agriculture, although it certainly should be open for modification and
improvement.

But now, while farmers are facing a double whammy of record harvests and low
prices, is not the time to get bogged down in partisan debate over basic
philosophy.

Providing aid under the payment system of the existing farm bill makes sense.
But, as Bereuter suggested, the amount should be more generous than Republicans
have agreed to so far to preserve the stability and capability of the sector of
the economy that feeds the nation.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1998 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved

                              466 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            June 14, 1990, Thursday

HOUSE PANEL AMENDS FOOD AID PROVISIONS

BYLINE: ROSE A. HOROWITZ; Journal of Commerce Special

SECTION: MARITIME, Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 262 words


The House Agriculture Committee moved Wednesday to modify provisions of the farm
bill that incorporate the Bush administration's position on changing the system
for transporting food aid shipments.

Even with the new amendments, the House agriculture bill calls for less changes
in the current system than the Senate farm bill. The Senate version eliminates
foreign agents representing foreign countries and requires the U.S. epartment of
Agriculture to take over their role.

House Agriculture Chairman E. de la Garza, D-Texas, introduced three amendments
to the committee on Wednesday, said a staff aide. The committee was expected to
adopt the amendments, said an aide, who asked not to be identified.

The revamping of the transportation system for the $ 1.4 billion food aid
program is designed to make the program more efficient and to resolve questions
of possible fraud and abuse raised by government investigators.

The amendments incorporate three of four proposals made by the Bush
administration. The changes would:

* Prohibit shipping agents from representing suppliers of ocean transportation
or related services during the course of the fiscal year. The House Agriculture
original bill precludes agents from representing suppliers ''at the same time."

* Require full and open competition in connection with all food aid shipments.

* Provide authority for the U.S. government to regulate commissions paid to
country agents or other representatives of importers on foreign-flag shipments.
Current regulations apply to U.S.-flag shipments.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                              467 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                          Vision Pickling & Processing

                                  1201 7th St
                             East Moline,  IL 61244
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 815-264-7755
URL: http://www.visionpickling.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 21178761

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  Lean Manufacturer
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Vision Pickling & Processing is a manufacturer, and supplier, and focussed on
Feet, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Guardrails, Guards, and 15 other Product &
Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Vision Pickling & Processing does
business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automotive Industries, as well as 18
other major Manufacturing Industries. Vision Pickling & Processing has at least
3 business locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly:
"Sister companies Vision Pickling & Processing and QC Metal Pickling support the
steel industry as preferred suppliers of batch pickled products and services."
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; supplier; Electroplating Plating Polishing
Anodizing and Coloring

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
33281300
SIC CODES:
34710000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Feet
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Guardrails
     ·    Guards
     ·    Safety Guards
     ·    Sheets
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Steel Cans


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Solutions
     ·    First Aid Kits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Banding
     ·    Cutting Services
     ·    Fabricating
     ·    Metal Pickling
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Steel Fabrication


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Mining
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Alum
     ·    Amines
     ·    Bleaches
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Carbon Dioxide
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Disinfectants
     ·    Glass
     ·    Ice
     ·    Iron
     ·    Nitrile Rubber
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Nitrogen
     ·    Organic
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Pickled Steel
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BRANDS REPRESENTED:  Alro Steel Corporation, GKN Sinter Metals


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Absorbents, Acid, Additives, Alcohol, Alum, Ambulances, Amines,
Angles, Antiseptics, Arrows, Automobiles, Banding, Bands, Bindings, Bleaches,
Boots, Brochures, Carbon, Carbon Dioxide, Cardboard, Chemical Resistant Gloves,
Chemicals, Cleaners, Cleansers, Cloth, Clothing, Coats, Commercial Credit,
Compounds, Containers, Cosmetics, Cutting Services, Cutting Tools, Cutting
Torches, Disinfectants, Drainage Systems, Drums, Emergency Telephones,
Environmental Control, Environmental Controls, Explosives, Fabricating, Face
Masks, Feet, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Flashing, Flat Bars, Flats, Forklifts,
Forks, Glass, Goggles, Guardrails, Guards, Hearing Protection, Helmets, Hoists,
Hoods, Ice, Iron, Jets, Lasers, Lifts, Lights, Manufacturing Equipment, Masks,
Measures, Metal Pickling, Mops, Nitrile Rubber, Nitriles, Nitrogen, Organic,
Organs, Oxygen, Packaging, Pants, Paper Towels, Pass Throughs, Pickled Steel,
Pictures, Plastic Bags, Plastics, Pollution Control, Profiles, Protective
Clothing, Protective Coatings, Ramps, Receptacles, Respirators, Rounds, Rubber,
Rubber Gloves, Safety Equipment, Safety Glass, Safety Glasses, Safety Guards,
Scales, Scrubs, Sheets, Shirts, Shrink Wrap, Sleeves, Soap, Solutions, Solvents,
Spraying, Sprays, Stainless Steel, Steel, Steel Cans, Steel Fabrication,
Suspensions, Tables, Targets, Tarps, Telephones, Terminations, Torches, Towels,
Transmissions, Traps, Waxed Paper, Weldments, Wire, Work Clothing

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              468 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 July 21, 1998, Tuesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

NEBRASKA OFFERS FREE COUNSELING TO FARMERS

BYLINE: Barry Bedlan; The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A4

LENGTH: 233 words

DATELINE: OMAHA, NEB.


Low grain prices and a damaging drought are making life so difficult for farmers
in southwest Nebraska that the state is offering them free counseling.

"We're going to see a lot of clients later in the year when the banks have to
foreclose on some farmers and the situation hits home even harder," said Joyce
Boyd of Counseling Professionals in McCook, Neb. "It is going to be bad."

The Nebraska Department of Agriculture is offering farm families unlimited
telephone consultations on a 24-hour hot line and up to three face-to-face
meetings with professional counselors. Everything is confidential.

"There is a lot of talk about depression, a lot of stress and hidden emotions at
this time in the area," said Larry Sitzman, state agriculture director. "People
may become reclusive after not meeting bills and not know where to turn to or
what to do. We want to help."

Last year in South Dakota, at least six farmers committed suicide because of
lost crops and other difficult conditions, Sitzman said. He sai d he hopes the
free counseling may help save the lives of farmers in the same situation in
Nebraska.

"Free counseling is a great idea because farmers don't have the support of a
company or a human resources department to turn to like many other jobs do,"
said Jean Faber, account services supervisor for the Methodist Employee
Assistance Program, based in Omaha.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              469 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            August 4, 2001 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Veto threat prompts Senate to pass smaller farm aid bill;
Bush praises $5.5 billion agriculture bailout, but Democrats say it won't make
up for low prices

BYLINE: By PHILIP BRASHER Associated Press

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 576 words


WASHINGTON - The Senate gave final congressional approval to a $5.5 billion farm
assistance package Friday after Democrats bowed to a White House threat to veto
a fatter measure.

"This vote is a victory for our nation's farmers at a time when they need it
most," President Bush said, promising to sign the measure.

Democrats saw it a bit differently. The Senate abruptly approved the legislation
on a voice vote after the Democrats failed to break a Republican filibuster of a
$7.5 billion measure that had been approved by the Agriculture Committee.

"The gun was held to our heads, and the White House refused to compromise," said
the committee chairman, Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa.

It's the fourth straight year that Congress has provided a multibillion-dollar
bailout of the farm economy to compensate for low crop prices. The latest
measure should boost net farm income to $47.9 billion, $2.7 billion above last
year and the highest level since 1997.

Grain and cotton farmers, who receive the bulk of the special assistance, will
get smaller checks than under last year's bailout. A farmer who got $40,000 in
2000 should receive less than $34,000 this year.

After meeting with the president Friday, Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said
the farm crisis is ebbing, particularly when it comes to milk, livestock and
even grains, where prices are improving. Overall for farmers, she said, "There
is some easing in the downturn of pricing we've seen in recent years."

With Congress breaking for a monthlong recess this weekend, senators were in a
rush to finish work on the bill. The congressional budget agreement provided
$5.5 billion in farm aid for the fiscal year that ends Sept. 30, so the cash had
to be distributed to farmers by that date or it could have been used for other
purposes.

Senate Republican leaders got four major farm groups representing soybean, corn,
cotton and wheat growers to sign a letter urging passage of the smaller aid
package. Had the Senate passed the Democratic bill, lawmakers would have had to
negotiate a compromise in September.

But the nation's largest farm group, the American Farm Bureau Federation,
doesn't think $5.5 billion is enough and declined to sign the GOP letter.

A state-by-state look

Grants that would be provided to each state to assist farmers who grow crops
other than grain, cotton, oilseeds and peanuts:

California, $63.3 million

Florida, $16.9 million

Washington, $9.6 million

Idaho, $3.7 million

Arizona, $3.4 million

Michigan, $3.3 million

Oregon, $3.2 million

Georgia, $2.7 million

Texas, $2.7 million

New York, $2.7 million

Wisconsin, $2.6 million

North Carolina, $1.5 million

Colorado, $1.5 million

North Dakota, $1.4 million

Minnesota, $1.3 million

Hawaii, $1.2 million

New Jersey, $1.1 million

Pennsylvania, $980,000

New Mexico, $900,000

Maine, $880,000

Ohio, $800,000

Indiana, $660,000

Nebraska, $640,000

Massachusetts,$640,000

Virginia, $620,000

Maryland, $500,000

Louisiana, $460,000

South Carolina, $440,000

Tennessee, $400,000

Illinois, $400,000

Oklahoma, $390,000

Alabama, $300,000

Delaware, $290,000

Mississippi, $250,000

Kansas, $210,000

Arkansas, $210,000

Missouri, $210,000

Connecticut, $180,000

Utah, $140,000

Montana, $140,000

New Hampshire, $120,000

Nevada, $120,000

Vermont, $120,000

Iowa, $100,000

West Virginia, $90,000

Wyoming, $70,000

Kentucky, $60,000

South Dakota, $40,000

Rhode Island, $40,000

Alaska, $20,000

Each state would also receive $500,000 to "support activities that promote
agriculture." Puerto Rico would get $1 million.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Associated Press, Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman told
reporters at a White House news conference Friday that the nation's farm crisis
is ebbing. Overall for farmers, she said, "There is some easing in the downturn
of pricing we've seen in recent years."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2001 The Durham Herald Co.

                              470 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                  Cage Rocket

                                 927 Duchess Rd
                               Bothell,  WA 98012
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 425-478-3211
URL: http://www.cagerocket.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 11653071

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Cage Rocket is a manufacturer focussed on First Aid, First Aid Kits, Engraving,
Machining, and 4 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data.
Cage Rocket does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Communications
Industries, as well as 15 other major Manufacturing Industries.
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; Sporting and Recreational Goods and Supplies
Merchant Wholesalers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42391000
SIC CODES:
50910600
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Kits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Engraving
     ·    Machining


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Communications
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Marine
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Gels
     ·    Neoprene
     ·    Neoprene Rubber
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyethylene
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silver
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Treadmills


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Acetaminophen, Adhesive Tapes, Aircraft, Aircraft Gaskets,
Antibiotics, Antiseptics, Aspirin, Automobiles, Backpacks, Belt Clips, Belts,
Bicycles, Boats, Buttons, Charcoal, Coats, Columbium, Containers, Credit Cards,
Engraving, Exercise Equipment, Feet, Felt, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Flats,
Foam Inserts, Fuses, Gaskets, Gears, Gels, Guides, Hats, Jerseys, Jewelry,
Lighters, Lights, Linings, Lockers, Machining, Mechanisms, Metallic Coatings,
Molded Plastics, Mounting Brackets, Mountings, Neoprene, Neoprene Rubber,
Ointments, Padding, Patches, Pearls, Pictures, Pins, Plastic Containers,
Plastics, Polyethylene, Posts, Printing Plates, Profiles, Promotional, Push
Carts, Registers, Rings, Rubber, Safety Pins, Screwdrivers, Seats, Silver,
Sinks, Skis, Sockets, Stainless Steel, Stainless Steel Rivets, Steel, Steel
Rivets, Storage Bins, Storage Containers, Tires, Treadmills, Washers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              471 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 16, 2008 Friday

BYLINE: JONATHAN RIVOLI Bismarck Tribune Permanent disaster aid a k

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 432 words


North Dakota government and agriculture officials agree that the farm bill
passed Thursday should benefit farmers across the state, especially through the
implementation of a $3.8 billion permanent disaster aid fund.

The bill passed by a veto-proof margin, meaning that it is almost assured to
become law despite longstanding White House opposition.

It provides federal funding for five years worth of food stamp and related
nutrition programs, crop subsidies, payments to farmers who put their land in a
conservation program, and renewable energy development incentives.

Agriculture Commissioner Roger Johnson said he thinks the permanent disaster aid
title will be of the greatest immediate benefit to North Dakota farmers. He said
the old system of having to pass a separate bill each time there was a
crop-killing disaster took too long, while the new system will guarantee these
payments and get them there in a timely manner.

While important, the crop supports will likely play less of a factor in the near
future because the market prices are all much higher than the support prices.

"I'm pleased with the bill overall," Johnson said.

Dan Wogsland, executive director of the North Dakota Grain Growers Association,
said North Dakota farmers will benefit greatly from the permanent disaster aid
because they operate in an environment with more weather risk than colleagues in
other states. Wogsland also said it's a good bill for a state that grows a wide
diversity of crops because it provides some protection for them all.

"I think everyone's breathing a sigh of relief that we got a farm bill," he
said.

That sigh extended from here in North Dakota to the D.C. offices of the state's
Democratic congressional delegation. Sens. Kent Conrad and Byron Dorgan, and
Rep. Earl Pomeroy have all been leading advocates for the bill as it wound its
way through the process.

"These votes in the House and Senate illustrate the bipartisan consensus we were
able to build for this farm bill," Pomeroy said in a statement

From back home, Republican Gov. John Hoeven was pushing the bill with the White
House and other involved players on his side of the aisle.

One area of disappointment was payment limits to the wealthiest of farmers and
agricultural operations. Even though the bill included a $40,000 per year
payment cap, Johnson said he would have liked to see tighter income restrictions
on who receives them.

Dorgan spearheaded an attempt to do just that in the initial Senate debate, but
was shot down by his colleagues.

(Reach reporter Jonathan Rivoli at 223-8482 or
jonathan.rivoli@bismarcktribune.com.)

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              472 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                           Wilderness Medical Systems

                            1258 Stillwater River Rd
                                 Nye,  MT 59061
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 406-321-1184
URL: http://www.wildernessmedical.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Wilderness-Medical-Systems-LLC/107336462020
https://twitter.com/WildernessMed

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 21242138

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Wilderness Medical Systems is a supplier focussed on First Aid, First Aid Kits,
First Aid Supplies, Packaging, and 4 other Product & Service categories tracked
by NetWise Data. Wilderness Medical Systems does business in the Aerospace,
Agriculture, and Automotive Industries, as well as 20 other major Manufacturing
Industries. Wilderness Medical Systems has at least 2 business locations. The
company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Wilderness Medical Systems'
first aid medical kits are carefully designed to handle a medical emergency in
the wilderness quickly and efficiently."
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Surgical Appliance and Supplies Manufacturing

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
33911300
SIC CODES:
38429907
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Marine
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acid
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Ice
     ·    Nitriles
     ·    Oxygen


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Acetaminophen, Acid, Antibiotics, Applicators, Backgrounds,
Backpacks, Blisters, Boats, Boots, Can Handles, Candy, Canteens, Capes,
Clothing, Columbium, Cooking Pots, Cuffs, Desks, Digital Thermometers, Dresses,
Drums, Elements, Emergency Kits, Feet, Felt, Fences, First Aid, First Aid Kits,
First Aid Supplies, Flares, Flashlights, Flats, Footwear, Games, Gears, Globes,
Goggles, Guides, Ice, Intakes, Jacks, Jerseys, Jets, Lighters, Lights, Masks,
Measures, Medical Bags, Motorcycles, Mountings, Nitrile Gloves, Nitriles,
Ointments, Oxygen, Packaging, Padding, Pillows, Platforms, Poles, Posts,
Protective Bags, Purses, Radiators, Rifles, Rounds, Saddle Bags, Saddles,
Satellites, Scopes, Seed, Shears, Snowshoes, Soap, Solutions, Solvents, Sprays,
Staplers, Stethoscopes, Sunscreens, Surgical Gloves, Syringes, Telephones,
Thermometers, Washcloths, Wire, Wool, Wool Blankets, Yellows, Zippers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              473 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             May 3, 1990, Thursday

SHIP AGENT ATTACKS FOOD AID OVERSIGHT

BYLINE: ALLEN R. WASTLER; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 591 words


A foreign country shipping agent has launched an attack on the U.S. Department
of Agriculture and its administration of the federal Food for Peace program.

The agent, New York-based Trans-Orient Marine Corp., is telling other brokers
that the department has an informal policy of allowing "kickbacks" from brokers
to their client countries. The agent is backing its claim with letters from the
department sent in response to Trans-Orient's complaints about the ractices of a
competitor.

Trans-Orient hopes its actions will force the agency to take a public stand on
how commissions are handled among the shipowners, brokers and foreign countries
participating in the Food for Peace program.

Such a declaration could help Trans-Orient win back business it lost to Star
Trading and Marine Inc., Washington, D.C.

"It is going to put USDA between all the agents and the embassies," said Alison
Dobra, president of Trans-Orient.

Under the Food for Peace program, the federal government arranges special loans
for impoverished countries to buy U.S. agricultural goods.

The countries receiving the food aid select an agent to secure transportation
for their purchases. The country agent receives commissions from the shipowners
it selects to handle Food for Peace cargo.

Last fall, the General Accounting Office, a watchdog congressional agency,
warned Congress about the "vulnerability of the program" to fraud and abuse by
foreign country agents.

"What they (Trans-Orient) are saying is a confirmation of what we've suggested,"
said Phil Thomas, assistant director of international trade for the GAO.

For several years Trans-Orient has been trying to get the USDA to levy sanctions
against Star. Star shares the commissions it receives from foreign flag ship
owners with its country client, Sri Lanka.

Trans-Orient claims that this is essentially a "kickback" from Star to Sri Lanka
for allowing Star to serve as its agent, an apparent violation of USDA
regulations on kickbacks. Both Star and the USDA state the practice is not a
violation of regulations and is proper.

In several pieces of correspondence, most recently a letter from the USDA
inspector general's office, the department has maintained that the Star
arrangement is not a violation of USDA rules. Trans-Orient wants the rest of the
Food for Peace industry to take that as a blanket endorsement by the USDA of
shared commissions in the industry.

Whether Trans-Orient's admonitions will carry any weight with other agents is
debatable.

"I don't think too many people take Trans-Orient that seriously," said one agent
executive, who asked not to be named.

Others, however, agree with Trans-Orient that the USDA has to publicly explain
why a "shared commission" doesn't amount to a kickback.

"In this case he (Trans-Orient) has a point," said another agent, who also asked
not to be identified.

The USDA admits that there is a problem with the application of its anti-
kickback rule.

"We are conceding that people read the regulation and come to different
interpretations of what it means," said Glen Whiteman, deputy assistant
administrator in the USDA's Foreign Agricultural Service. "We need to clarify
it."

The USDA is currently trying to rewrite the regulations, Mr. Whiteman said. The
effort is running behind schedule because of bureaucratic problems, he said.

The USDA, in conjunction with the U.S. attorney's office in Washington, has been
investigating Star for more than three years. Star officials were unavailable
for comment.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                              474 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            March 25, 1993 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

CRAWFORD ASKS TO DECLARE STATE A DISASTER AREA

BYLINE: By LISA SHUCHMAN, Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 181 words


Agriculture Commissioner Bob Crawford asked Gov. Lawton Chiles on Wednesday to
request that federal authorities declare the entire state a disaster area

-- a move that would trigger federal aid for Florida's farmers.

Certain types of disaster aid cannot be provided until a declaration is

requested by the governor and issued by either the U.S. Secretary of

Agriculture or the president, said Crawford spokeswoman Michelle McLawhorn.

The governor had not yet seen the request Wednesday, said Jo Miglino,

spokeswoman for the governor's office.

Crawford said federal assistance could make the difference in salvaging

the spring growing season, which was reaching its peak when the March 13 storm
hit.

Twenty-one counties already qualify for aid because they are included in

the previous disaster declaration. Most others qualify because they are next

to one of the covered counties or because they suffered crop damage in excess of
30 percent.

But declaring the entire state a disaster area would simplify the process for
farmers, McLawhorn said.

A dollar estimate of storm damage is not yet available.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              475 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           December 4, 2004 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

REFORMING FARM SUBSIDIES IS TOUGH ROW TO HOE

BYLINE: By Sara F. Cooper Guest Columnist

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Sara F. Cooper guest column; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 795 words


When Nebraska Gov. Mike Johanns, whom President Bush has just nominated to be
the next secretary of agriculture, takes office, his first order of business
should be pushing for an end to America's drastically distorted farm subsidy
programs.

Eliminating U.S. farm subsidies would dramatically reduce government spending,
end a program that mostly benefits corporate interests and the wealthy,
strengthen U.S. agriculture, give us needed leverage in international trade
negotiations, and allow the United States to extricate itself from the
embarrassing practice of undermining its own foreign-aid program.

The United States made $17 billion in direct government payments to farmers and
ranchers in 2003 - amounting to 32 percent of net farm income. On top of this
were additional billions in indirect assistance, delivered via subsidized loans
and insurance, loan guarantees and tax breaks.

IF THE FARM lobby's argument that such largesse is necessary to preserve the
family farm ever applied, it doesn't now. According to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, about 40 percent of all farms receive government payments of some
kind. The bulk of these payments, however, go to larger farms. In fact, while
just 7 percent of all U.S. farms have sales of $250,000 or more, this 7 percent
receive almost half of all government payments.

How could a domestic aid program become so distorted?

The reason is simple: Eligibility for farm subsidies is determined by crop, not
by income or poverty standards. Growers of corn, wheat, cotton, soybeans and
rice receive more than 90 percent of our farm subsidies. Growers of the other
400 domestic crops grown receive nothing.

Because crop rather than need determines eligibility, billionaires such as Ted
Turner and corporate behemoths such as Georgia Pacific and Cargill are
subsidized. The struggling little guy, as often as not, receives nothing.

The U.S. cotton industry is a stark example of this distortion. Growers in the
Mississippi Delta are among the highest-cost cotton producers worldwide.
According to a recent report by the international aid agency Oxfam, the United
States spends nearly $4 billion yearly on subsidies for cotton producers, making
us the world's largest cotton subsidizer. Reflecting the farm industry overall,
the largest 10 percent of cotton farms receives 79 percent of all payments, and
the top 1 percent receives 25 percent. The average payment to cotton growers was
$331,000 in 2002; 25 growers received more than $1 million each.

FARM SUBSIDIES are a barrier to trade, putting the United States at a
disadvantage in negotiations for increased market access in other countries.
Countries are less than eager to remove trade barriers when the United States
won't remove its own.

Subsidies also undermine U.S. efforts to help developing economies. On the one
hand, the United States annually provides billions of dollars in foreign aid to
developing countries. At the same time, U.S. farm subsidies prevent farmers in
those countries from effectively competing in, or with, the U.S. market.

U.S. farmers claim that since their European counterparts receive subsidies,
they need them to compete. Yet New Zealand's prosperous agricultural sector -
which at one time was also addicted to subsidies - shows this is untrue. New
Zealand farm subsidies today are the lowest in the world. Meanwhile, the
country's agricultural sector is growing at a faster pace than the overall
economy.

In 1984, the New Zealand government did away with most farm subsidies. Without
subsidies, New Zealand's farmers don't make decisions based on government
handouts. They regrouped and reorganized. They cut spending. They found ways to
increase the market value of their crops or switched crops altogether.

Expectations to the contrary, New Zealand lost less than 1 percent of its
farming businesses. Family farming, not corporate farming, expanded. New Zealand
agriculture was not destroyed. Rather, it changed to meet the demands of the
market and thrived.

WHAT HAPPENED in New Zealand could be duplicated in the United States. In fact,
the United States has less at stake than New Zealand did. Agriculture in New
Zealand accounts for more than 13 percent of its gross domestic product. Here,
agriculture accounts for around 2 percent of GDP.

Simply put, there are too many reasons not to eliminate farm subsidies. Such a
reform - which the farm lobby would fight tooth and nail - would force U.S.
agriculture to make decisions based on market conditions, rather than the
availability of government subsidies. New Zealand has proved it's possible; it
is time for the United States to prove it again.

(Editor's note: The writer is a visiting fellow at the American Institute for
Economic Research.)

Knight Ridder/Tribune Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  FILE/ASSOCIATED PRESS Nebraska Gov. Mike Johanns milked Silky the cow
on a lawn outside the University of Nebraska-Lincoln Dairy Store in Lincoln,
Neb., June 1. President Bush on Thursday chose Johanns to be the new secretary
of agriculture. If he takes office, he might want to look at farm-subsidy
reform.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: GUEST COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation

                              476 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            January 25, 2009 Sunday
                                   L2 Edition

Buying food locally in crisis saves lives, USDA says

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 285 words


Buying food near famine-stricken areas overseas may be more efficient and save
more lives during crises than shipping U.S. products over long distances,
according to a Department of Agriculture report.

"Food that is procured locally and regionally" is likely to reach those in need
"more quickly than in-kind food aid" that is bought and shipped from the U.S. or
other developed countries, the report said. Still, U.S.-produced aid is
sometimes needed because there often isn't enough food available near where a
disaster occurs, according to the study.

The report, which is being circulated among congressional committees, was
required under last year's $289 billion farm bill to help set up a four-year
local-purchase pilot program involving no more than $25 million annually. The
U.S. accounts for almost half of the world's total food-aid spending, at about
$2.5 billion a year.

The speed and efficiency of the country's food-assistance programs, which
require most aid to be purchased from U.S. farmers and delivered by U.S. ships,
has been criticized by humanitarian groups including Oxfam International and
CARE. About 47 percent of government spending on commodities for aid went to
Cargill Inc., Archer Daniels Midland Co. and Bunge Ltd., according to the USDA.

A U.S. move toward buying food near areas experiencing famine would be a step in
the right direction, said Laura Rusu, a spokeswoman in Washington for Oxfam
America, the Boston-based affiliate of the international aid group.

"By shifting some food-aid resources into cash for local purchase, the new
administration would not only help make food aid more efficient and flexible,
but would also invest in developing-country agriculture," Rusu said.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                              477 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Floyd County Times, Prestonburg, Ky.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 11, 2011 Friday

New truck aids God's Pantry in food delivery

BYLINE: Sheldon Compton, The Floyd County Times, Prestonburg, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 269 words


Feb. 11--PRESTONSBURG --God's Pantry Food Bank has for years provided food
donations, totaling some 21 million pounds last year alone to more than 200,000
Kentucky residents, but has done so with the use of smaller trucks.

Tuesday and Wednesday, the use of several trucks and also the occasional hiring
of other trucking companies ended, as the organization put to use its first
18-wheeler semi-truck to drop off food donations at the Prestonsburg
distribution center.

The food dropped at the center will be given out to the county's food pantries
over the next several weeks, organizers said, and totaled at about 30,000 pounds
for the single load.

The purchase of the 18-wheeler was made possible through a grant of $250,000
from the United States Department of Agriculture Food and Nutrition Service,
money which also helped fund a portion of driver's salary.

The food bank changed its ordering procedures in late 2009. Before, agencies
served by the Prestonsburg facility had access to a limited amount of the full
inventory of the food bank. The change allowed the nonprofits access to all the
available inventory by having their order pulled in Lexington and brought to the
county to be picked up.

The new truck has a total capacity of 45,000 pounds.

To see more of The Floyd County Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.floydcountytimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Floyd County Times,
Prestonburg, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110211-QO-New-truck-aids-God-s-Pantry-in-food-delivery-0211-20110211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QO


                                 Copyright 2011

                              478 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            December 12, 2008 Friday
                                  City Edition

State farmers get disaster relief for summer losses

SECTION: News; pg. 3

LENGTH: 133 words


Massachusetts farmers in a dozen counties will be able to apply for federal
disaster loans to recover from severe summer weather.

The state announced Wednesday that the U.S. Department of Agriculture approved
the aid for counties that had damage to crops, livestock and farm buildings.

Gov. Deval Patrick had asked for the federal aid for farmers who had reduced
crop production of more than 30 percent. Heat, heavy rain, hail and high winds
hurt crops including alfalfa, pumpkins and apples last summer. Lightning from
thunderstorms injured livestock and damaged buildings.

Farmers have eight months from Nov. 20 to apply for low-interest federal loans.

Eligible counties include Barnstable, Berkshire, Bristol, Essex, Franklin,
Hampden, Hampshire, Middlesex, Norfolk, Plymouth, Suffolk and Worcester.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Patriot Ledger

                              479 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 30, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Almond Growers to Get Aid

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 55, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 90 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 29


Twenty-five percent of this year's record California almond crop will be set
aside in hopes of relieving depressed prices for growers, Secretary of
Agriculture John R. Block said this week. The almonds in the pool, which was
requested by producers, are to be sold gradually into ''noncompetitive outlets
at salvage prices,'' he said. Noncompetitive outlets could include nuts sold to
make almond oil, for export to new foreign markets or for livestock feed.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company

                              480 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            September 4, 1989 Monday

Willie Nelson plans Farm Aid IV

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 196 words

DATELINE: KANSAS CITY, Mo.


Reuter
  KANSAS CITY, Mo.

Country singer Willie Nelson said Saturday night that his organization,
Farm Aid , will present a concert next year and will exist until U.S.
farmers are guaranteed specific protection.

'I'm in for the duration,' said Nelson, flanked by representatives of  Missouri
and Kansas farmers groups.

The fourth Farm Aid fundraising concert will be in the spring, he said,
'early enough to get the money out before spring planting.'
   Another concert will be held in Washington in March, about two weeks
before Farm Aid IV, Nelson said, 'to invite our political friends,' he
said.

Nelson and the farmers with him said they want the 1990 Farm Bill to
provide farmers with more money and more flexibility in deciding what
crops to plant.

Besides seeking changes in farm policy, Nelson said the United States
should change its stance in international agricultural trade talks under
the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.

The GATT negotiations, intended to liberalize farm trade and eliminate
subsidies, 'is the worst thing that can happen to the family farmer,'
Nelson said, because the effect would be to shift decision-making on farm
policy outside the United States.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              481 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                                December 4, 2009

Final crop loss estimate awaited in Mississippi

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 656  words


Today, Dr. John Michael Riley, an agriculture economist at Mississippi State
University, was pulling together figures for a final update on the crop losses
suffered in the state from flooding fall rains. Riley had been waiting for
farmers to get out of the fields to determine if the nearly $485-million,
30.3-percent crop loss estimate released in November would be too low or too
high.

If that number holds or grows, it would be the worst year for the state's
agriculture community since the 1950s. To gauge the widespread destruction
caused by torrential rains in September and October, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture declared 79 of Mississippi's 82 counties a disaster area in
November.

Lawmakers in Washington are working to get legislation passed that would offer
relief to the state's farmers, and time is an issue. The Farm Bill provides
disaster assistance to producers, but does not pay off until the end of the crop
marketing year, which is Oct. 2010. State and national leaders say that would be
too late for farmers. They must have immediate relief or many producers will be
forced to park their tractors for good.

On Dec. 2, H.R.4177, co-sponsored by Rep. Travis Childers (D-Miss.), was
introduced, which aims to provide timely disaster assistance to producers. It
would also offer aid to livestock producers.

"In North Mississippi, both farmers and local economies have suffered from this
season's unprecedented rainfall," said Childers. "Significant assistance
currently available through the USDA is still not enough to make up for the
incredible crop losses local producers have experienced. While we await the full
implementation of Farm Bill assistance provisions, this important legislation
will help local economies stay afloat by providing farmers with the resources
they need to get back on their feet. "

The House bill is the second piece of disaster relief legislation introduced in
Congress by Mississippi lawmakers. On Nov. 20, Sen. Thad Cochran (R-Miss.) and
Roger Wicker (R-Miss.) introduced S.2810, a bill similar to the House's proposed
legislation.

"Sweet potatoes, grain sorghum, soybeans and cotton harvests have been
compromised to an extent that the financial survival of many producers is
uncertain," said Cochran, a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee.
"Existing Department of Agriculture disaster aid programs cannot provide the
near-term help needed by growers. The Direct Payment mechanism, which has been
used to provide assistance numerous times, is the only way for the Department of
Agriculture to provide timely assistance. "

Both H.R.4177 and S.2810 include $650 million to assist specialty crop
producers, $150 million in assistance for livestock producers and $42 million to
aid first handlers of cottonseed. This aid would be in addition to the
aforementioned direct payments provided by the Farm Bill's Supplemental Revenue
Assistance Program (SURE).

Mississippi Agriculture told the Mississippi Business Journal that the disaster
was the worst he had seen. "Staggering losses," he said, "If something isn't
done, I'm afraid the state stands to lose some mighty good farmers. "

David Cochran is one of those at risk. An Avon cotton producer, he said the
30-plus inches of rain he received in September and October "cost us anywhere
from 50-60 percent of our anticipated yield. We felt like we had one of the
better cotton crops than we've had in recent years, but a lot of the cotton
either hardlocked and fell out or just rotted. "

He said this year has been unusually devastating, and that immediate disaster
assistance such as introduced in the Senate and House would help him meet his
financial obligations.

Cochran said his ginning operation also was hurt because of the lost seed. "We
gin for the seed, and where we normally get 700-800 pounds of seed per bale,
we're only seeing 550-600 pounds. "

Riley said he should have the final crop loss figures available for release
Monday.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              482 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           September 15, 1989, Friday

LEAHY PROPOSES $ 2.25 BILLION POLAND PACKAGE

BYLINE: KEITH M. ROCKWELL; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 682 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., turned up the heat
on President Bush Thursday by proposing a $ 2.25 billion food-aid package for
Poland that would boost commodity exports.

The six-point Leahy plan far exceeds the $ 125 million in aid promised by the
president, although it contains little in the way of new money for the new
overnment in Warsaw.

"Everybody realizes that (the $ 125 million) was a nice airport gesture, but I'm
challenging the president now to do something substantial, to do something that
would make a difference," the senator told reporters.

In Chicago, pork belly futures rose sharply on the news of the Leahy proposal,
which includes 20 million to 30 million pounds of bellies. Following the
president's trip to Poland in early July - he made his aid offer at the airport
- solidarity leader Lech Walesa and other Polish officials characterized the $
125 million as insufficient.

The Leahy proposal includes:

* $ 2 billion in agricultural debt forgiveness.

* A donation of $ 150 million in corn, grain sorghum, wheat, butter and pork
products.

* $ 100 million in aid through special foreign assistance.

* Granting Poland special trade status under the generalized system of
preferences.

* Technical assistance from U.S. Department of Agriculture

* $ 10 million in donations from the private sector.

Administration officials say that budgetary pressures make additional lending
difficult. The administration has urged surplus nations to contribute additional
aid and West Germany and Japan have responded with proposals of their own.

The European Community Commission has been charged with coordinating relief
efforts.

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter has warned in the past that sending
huge shipments of food to Poland would be a major disincentive to Polish farmers
and may exacerbate the food shortages there.

There was no immediate comment from the Bush administration or the Agriculture
Department on the Leahy proposal.

But the Vermont Democrat rejected these arguments.

"That's a nice free market idea that very well might work in a country that
already had a booming agriculture market with a solid infrastructure. That's not
the case with Poland," he told reporters.

Sen. Leahy said the plan would have no impact on the already staggering U.S.
federal budget deficit since the food stocks are already in hand and because
there is no realistic chance of being reimbursed for the $ 2 billion in farm
loans and credits extended to Poland.

Moreover, he said the plan requires no legislation and can be implemented
immediately. Lengthy delays in disbursing aid to Poland could undermine the new
Solidarity government, he said.

"We want to take the pressure off that government. Give them a chance to
implement the reforms that are necessary. We want to show the people of Poland
that they are better off than under the communists and one of the ways we can do
that . . . is to put food in the homes of Poles," he said.

The senator said that failure to shore up the new government in Warsaw would
send a negative signal to other communist countries considering democratic
reforms.

"We are not going to be able to use Poland as an example to other countries
seeking democracy if when (Poland) sought democracy we only gave them $ 125
million in aid," he said. According to Knight-Ridder Financial News, the Leahy
plan's forgiveness of $ 2 billion in agriculture-relate d debts would likely
revive Poland's eligibility to participate in certain credit programs run by the
U.S. Agriculture Department.

Though Sen. Leahy's plan calls for shipping pork products, a Senate Agriculture
Committee aide indicated that most of the pork sent would be in pork bellies. As
of Aug. 23, there were 96.42 million pounds of bellies in cold storage,
according to the USDA.

Lech Dzikiewicz, economic attache at the Polish embassy, said that the food aid
package will be discussed in Poland with high-level officials when U.S. Commerce
Secretary Robert Mosbacher visits Warsaw on Sept. 19-21.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                              483 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 13, 1996, Sunday, Final Edition

Snow Drought Is Disaster for Alaska; Agriculture Secretary Certifies Areas for
Federal Relief

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 229 words

DATELINE: ANCHORAGE


Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman has declared regions of Alaska disaster areas
because of an extended drought, state officials said.

In a letter sent to Gov. Tony Knowles (D) last week, Glickman named the
Fairbanks-North Star Borough, southeast Fairbanks-Delta area, Matanuska-Susitna
Borough and Kenai Peninsula as areas where farmers will be eligible to recover
disaster aid.

"I requested the disaster designation in July and instructed my administration
to work closely with federal officials to ensure a disaster declaration for the
farmers in Alaska," Knowles said Friday.

The areas were affected by a snow drought last year that was compounded with
especially cold temperatures. Without an insulating layer of snow, the ground
froze to deep levels and subsequently dried out, officials said.

Only a few farm operations will be eligible for the aid, said Alaska Division of
Agriculture Director Jay Kerttula. They must have both livestock and produce,
and must have sustained a production loss of 30 percent or more during the past
year, Kerttula said.

Alaska farmers with irrigation systems fared well despite the drought, and were
able to produce bumper crops, he said.

Dry conditions in the Matanuska-Susitna Borough were blamed for the spread of a
devastating June wildfire that destroyed more property than any wildfire in
Alaska history.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post

                              484 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                            October 31, 1994, Monday

FARMER COMMITTEE SYSTEM WORKED FOR BILLIE SOL ESTES

SECTION: Section A; Page 6, Column 6

LENGTH: 60 words


County-level farmer committees to handle federal farm aid came under scrutiny
three decades ago, when committeemen in Texas were caught improperly opening the
federal cotton program to Billie Sol Estes, the famous swindler; a study
commissioned by the Agriculture Dept largely absolved the farmer committee
structure (S)

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company: Abstracts

                              485 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                               May 3, 2013 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Proposal for Changes in Food Aid Sets Off Infighting in Congress

BYLINE: By RON NIXON

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 890 words


WASHINGTON -- A proposal by the Obama administration to overhaul the
international food aid program has set off a jurisdictional fight among members
of several House and Senate committees, threatening to derail the most
significant change to the program since it was created nearly 60 years ago.

The $1.4 billion annual program provides emergency food supplies to
disaster-stricken regions across the globe. The United States provides over half
of the world's food aid.

The food aid money is currently part of the Agriculture Department's budget, but
President Obama's proposal would transfer it to the foreign affairs budget,
where it would be overseen by the Agency for International Development. The
reorganization would also mean that Congressional oversight of the program would
shift from the House and Senate appropriations subcommittees on agriculture to
the appropriations subcommittees on foreign operations.

Administration officials say the current program is costly and inefficient, and
does not get food quickly enough to the people who need it. By law, the food
must be bought from American farmers and shipped on vessels flying American
flags, which can sometimes take weeks, with food arriving after a crisis is
over, administration officials and development experts say.

Also, because of rising shipping costs, the amount of food the United States
sends abroad has fallen, to 1.8 million cubic tons annually from 5 million cubic
tons, according to figures from the development agency.

Under the new proposal the agency, or charities working in partnership with it,
would use money to buy some food locally, closer to the disaster areas.
Fifty-five percent of the food would still be purchased from American farmers.

''This new reform would give us the flexible tools we need to get food to people
who need it now, not weeks later,'' said Rajiv Shah, the agency's administrator.
''We would still buy from U.S. farmers.''

He added, ''But this way we can help feed two to four million more people
without additional costs.''

But members of the House and Senate agriculture subcommittees are skeptical.

During hearings last week, Representative Robert B. Aderholt, Republican of
Alabama, the chairman of the House agriculture subcommittee, said he was
concerned that removing food aid from the agriculture budget would hurt American
farmers.

Representative Sam Farr of California, the committee's ranking Democrat, also
questioned the transfer, raising concerns about the subcommittee losing
oversight of the program.

''I'm not endorsing the transfer -- the realignment -- until there are
assurances that the program will remain intact and not be raided by other
foreign ops interest,'' Mr. Farr said at the hearing.

Mr. Farr expressed doubts about the proposal's chances of success. ''I don't
think it will happen this year,'' he said. ''That's the politics.''

There has been a similar response from members of the Senate agriculture
subcommittee. Senator Mark Pryor, Democrat of Arkansas, the chairman of the
subcommittee, along with Senator Roy Blunt of Missouri, the ranking Republican,
both said that they were opposed to transferring food aid dollars out of the
agriculture budget.

In February, they joined 19 other senators in sending a letter to the president
opposing the measure.

Representative Kay Granger, Republican of Texas, the chairwoman of the House
foreign operations subcommittee, which oversees the foreign aid budget, has not
said if she will support the Obama administration's proposal.

But Nita M. Lowey of New York, the subcommittee's ranking Democrat, has endorsed
the plan to move food aid, as have members of the House and Senate Foreign
Affairs Committees.

Representative Ed Royce, Republican of California, the chairman of the House
Foreign Affairs Committee, has criticized the administration's overall budget
proposal, but he supports the food aid change.

''The president's budget proposal to reform the international food program --
helping more at less cost -- is a bright spot in the budget request,'' Mr. Royce
said.

Budget experts say Mr. Obama's proposal will be a tough sell in Congress, where
committee members can be parochial and rarely want to give up control of
programs.

While it is common for committees to allow agencies to move money from one
account to another, experts said it was rare for Congressional appropriators to
move money and oversight of a program from one agency to another.

''This is a classic jurisdictional battle among committees,'' said Edward A.
Brigham, a consultant and former staff member at the White House Office of
Management and Budget and at the House Budget Committee. ''No one wants to give
up their area of control.''

Mr. Brigham said lawmakers could vote to move the money through the
appropriations process or just to authorize the change in the next farm bill,
which falls under the jurisdiction of the House and Senate Agriculture
Committees. Members of those committees have already voiced their opposition to
the proposal.

''Food aid is in need of reform for all the hungry people in the world who
depend on it,'' said David Beckmann, president of Bread for the World, a
Christian antihunger group that supports the Obama administration's proposal.
''But it's going to be difficult to get anything through Congress, particularly
because of the jurisdictional issues.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/03/us/food-aid
-proposal-sets-off-infighting-in-congress.html

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company

                              486 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                           Gauthier Family Home Care

                            1524 Laraway Lake Dr SE
                            Grand Rapids,  MI 49546
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 616-560-4057
URL: http://gauthierfhc.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/homecaregrandrapids
http://www.youtube.com/user/HomeCareMichigan
https://plus.google.com/115667541733041213827
https://twitter.com/DGauthierGFHC
https://www.linkedin.com/company/3862390

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 293821

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Gauthier Family Home Care is a supplier focussed on First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Ovens, Showers, Transportation Services, and 5 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Gauthier Family Home Care does business in
the Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well as 16 other
major Manufacturing Industries.
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Health, Wellness and Fitness

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Ovens
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Showers


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Transportation Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Ice
     ·    Iron
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Sodium


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Agendas, Alcohol, Angles, Aspirin, Backgrounds, Baseballs,
Beds, Black Pepper, Bladders, Bowls, Briefs, Brushes, Bulbs, Buses, Cakes,
Calendars, Candy, Canes, Carbon, Carbon Monoxide Detectors, Chairs, Chests,
Chimneys, Clothing, Coffees, Containers, Cookies, Desks, Dishes, Earplugs,
Elements, Feeds, Felt, Ferris Wheels, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Flats,
Freezers, Frying Pans, Furniture, Games, Grab Bars, Hatches, Hats, Hearing Aid
Batteries, Hearing Aids, Heating Systems, Ice, Iron, Leather, Lifts, Light
Bulbs, Lights, Looms, Medical Alarms, Ovens, Overalls, Oxygen, Pens,
Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Pictures, Posts, Pressure Controls, Protective
Clothing, Refrigerators, Rounds, Safety Products, Salt, Sauces, Scooters, Seats,
Sheds, Shelters, Shower Heads, Showers, Shuffleboards, Signals, Skillets, Smoke
Detectors, Snacks, Sodium, Solutions, Spoons, Springs, Stairs, Stickers, Tags,
Transitions, Transportation Services, Trim, Warning Signs, Wheel Drives,
Wheelchairs

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              487 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 18, 2009 Monday

State loans will aid area farmers

BYLINE: Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 339 words


May 18--HARRISBURG -- Despite the national recession, Gov. Ed Rendell stressed
the importance of investing in key industries Friday as he announced nearly $5
million in loans and guarantees for 17 agriculture and tourism projects in 13
counties.

Rendell said investing in these two industries, which support about 1.4 million
jobs in the state, is essential to better position each sector. The budget
Rendell proposed in February institutes cuts, but still provides crucial
investments that will help each industry to expand.

The following projects were among those approved:

--$1.3 million machinery and equipment loan to Penn England LLC for the $2.8
million purchase of dairy cows and farm equipment in Williamsburg, Blair County.

--$35,000 agriculture loan to Kelly Hite and Gena Hite toward the $70,000
purchase of a Massey Ferguson Sunflower No-Till Grain Drill in Ebensburg.

--$307,040 machinery and equipment loan to Fabin Brothers Farms toward the
$615,040 purchase of machinery and equipment for the farm's new soybean
processing plant in Indiana.

"We must continue to invest in these industries in a prudent manner so that when
the economy turns around, we're in a position where we can emerge stronger than
ever,'' the governor said.

"This $4.9 million investment, which will leverage an additional $14.7 million
in private funding, does that. Investing in these projects will help to
encourage job growth and expansion in Pennsylvania's rural communities."

For more information on programs available through the Department of Community
and Economic Development, call (866) 466-3972 or visit newpa.com.

To see more of The Tribune-Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribune-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Tribune-Democrat,
Johnstown, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090518-JO-State-loans-will-aid-area-farmers-0518

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2009 The Tribune-Democrat

                              488 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       May 25, 2004 Tuesday Home Edition

Q & A

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 539 words


Q: An article said billions of "Brood X" cicadas are emerging from New York to
Illinois to Georgia, and in Georgia will be confined mostly to the northernmost
counties. Has the Georgia Department of Agriculture released a specific "cicada
line," comparable to the "gnat line" in South Georgia?

--- John Deeds, Flowery Branch

A: No. There's no specific line, or even a generalized one.

The best information available so far, according to the Georgia Department of
Agriculture, is a series of distribution maps developed by the University of
Michigan.

The maps depict the expected sites of the different broods of the 17-year and
13-year cicadas, said Tommy Irvin, Georgia commissioner of agriculture.

The maps are on a Web site:
www.ummz.lsa.umich.edu/magicicada/Periodical/Index.html.

Data are insufficient for many areas, so the maps are likely to be updated as
more information becomes available, Irvin said.

It might be difficult to draw any conclusions from the maps, because they're
vaguely defined. Also, some stragglers in each brood don't emerge on schedule,
and annual cicadas are present each summer throughout Georgia, Irvin said.

Q: Is there a telephone number to report people who have children riding in cars
without being restrained, either by a seat belt or in a car seat?

--- Ann Saad, Lawrenceville

A: You can call star (*) GSP or 911 on a cellphone, said Gordy Wright of the
Georgia Department of Public Safety.

Q: Q&A recently listed the drinks associated with the Triple Crown horse races.
The White Carnation was shown as an early drink for the Belmont Stakes. Can you
give us the recipe?

--- Bonnie Jackson, Buford

A: Ingredients: 2 ounces vodka; 1/2 ounce peach schnapps; 2 ounces orange juice;
soda water; 1 splash cream; crushed ice.

Stir liquors, juice and soda together and pour over ice in a highball glass.
Garnish with an orange slice.

Q: A recent item in Nation in Brief said Vermont will become the ninth state to
let very sick patients use marijuana to alleviate pain, nausea and other
symptoms without fear of state prosecution. What are the other eight states?

--- Mike Gardner, Powder Springs

A: As reported by The Associated Press, Alaska, California, Colorado, Hawaii,
Maine, Nevada, Oregon and Washington state already have laws allowing marijuana
for medical needs.

Arizona passed an initiative to allow marijuana by prescription, a largely
symbolic law because federal law prohibits doctors from writing such
prescriptions.

Vermont Gov. James Douglas said last week that he would let a bill become law
without his signature. He said the bill covers "symptom relief for a small
percentage of individuals with only the most debilitating conditions," such as
cancer and AIDS.

Vermont patients may keep up to three marijuana plants in a locked room
accessible only by the sick person and caregiver, both of whom must register
with state police.

Douglas, a first-term Republican, said he hoped advocates for legalization of
marijuana for recreational use would not take cheer from the new Vermont law.
"To ease suffering is commendable, but to crusade for legalization of an
addictive, destructive and dangerous drug is contemptible," he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              489 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             July 12, 2008 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE NATION

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 515 words


Senate votes to expand Bush's global AIDS plan

WASHINGTON - The Senate voted Friday with a strong show of bipartisanship to
take up a stalled global AIDS bill that would vastly expand a President
Bush-backed program that has had marked success in combating AIDS in Africa and
other affected areas of the world.

The vote was 65-3 to begin debate next week on the legislation approving $50
billion over the next five years to prevent and treat AIDS, malaria and
tuberculosis. Sixty votes were needed to advance the bill.

The current five-year bill, which expires at the end of September, approved $15
billion. It has been widely lauded for supporting anti-retroviral treatment for
nearly 2 million people suffering from HIV/AIDS and putting the United States at
the forefront of world efforts to fight the pandemic.

Consumers to be told where bad meat is sold

WASHINGTON - Consumers may be told if their local grocery store got tainted meat
during a recall under a new policy announced Friday by the Agriculture
Department.

The planned rule change comes in the wake of the nation's biggest-ever beef
recall - 143 million pounds from a slaughterhouse in Southern California.

Under the new rule, which is expected to be published next week and take effect
30 days later, retailers' names will be posted on the Agriculture Department Web
site during so-called "Class I" meat and poultry recalls - those deemed to pose
a definite public health risk.

Currently when there is a meat recall, the Agriculture Department makes public
the name of the establishment recalling the meat, a description of the recalled
product, and any identifying brand names or product codes. But the public is not
told where it is being sold.

FAA changes protocol after near-collisions

WASHINGTON - Two airborne planes - one landing and the other taking off - came
within a half-mile of colliding at John F. Kennedy International Airport on
Friday in the second such incident at the airport in a week, the Federal
Aviation Administration said.

The FAA moved quickly to change takeoff and landing procedures at JFK on
perpendicular runways - the kind of runways involved in both incidents.

FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown said Delta Flight 123 was arriving at the airport
Friday when the pilot decided to abort his landing and execute a "go-around" - a
routine procedure used during congestion. That caused the Delta flight to
intersect with the path of Comair Flight 1520, a regional jet that was taking
off on another runway.

The FAA ordered new procedures Friday afternoon that are designed to ensure
"that aircraft of one runway clear out of the path of the other runway before
the second flight comes down on the other runway," Ms. Brown said.

Last Saturday, a Cayman Airways flight was coming into JFK when the pilot
decided to abort the landing and fly around the airport again as a LAN Chile jet
was taking off. Their flight paths crossed, bringing the planes within about 200
feet of each other vertically and a half mile horizontally. The National
Transportation Safety Board is investigating that incident.

- Edited from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              490 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 23, 1991 Monday
                                  Late Edition

TOP-LEVEL TALKS INDICATE SOFTER US APPROACH TO SOVIET AID REQUESTS

BYLINE: From JOHN HELMER in Moscow

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 712 words


Soviet officials who held meetings last week with the US Secretary of the
Treasury, Mr Nicholas Brady, say that US-Soviet financial talks are progressing
with "a softer appearance", suggesting greater sympathy for Soviet needs.

"But these are still words, not deeds," the officials add.

Mr Brady, together with the chairman of the US Federal Reserve Board, Dr Alan
Greenspan, met the Soviet President, Mr Gorbachev, the Russian President, Mr
Boris Yeltsin, and senior figures in the new union economic policy body, the
Inter-Republican Economic Committee.

Mr Brady's visit followed that of the US Secretary of State, Mr James Baker, and
an agricultural policy mission led by officials from the US Department of
Agriculture. The US Secretary of Agriculture, Mr Edward Madigan, is expected in
Moscow in a few days.

Mr Madigan's department summed up current satellite picture and site visits in
the Soviet Union with the prediction this month that this year's Soviet grain
harvest would be between 20 per cent and 30 per cent below last year's total.

The US figure was adopted last Thursday by Mr Yuriy Luzhkov, a senior member of
the Union government, who told the European Commission in Brussels that Moscow
was doubling its emergency food aid request from about $US7 billion to more than
$US14 billion.

Mr Brady's delegation disputed the need for this level of food supply.

Soviet officials have responded to what they view as a sluggish response on the
food aid issue by the EC and the US, with the suggestion that the West should
consider establishing commodity stocks, including food and feedgrains, that
would be stored on Soviet territory and used, in conjunction with domestic
production, to ease food price inflation and relieve regional distribution
problems.

Most Western and Soviet experts regard these factors, and hoarding by food
producers in the Soviet Union, as the main reasons for the expected winter
shortages.

Creation of a "commodity stabilisation fund" is being considered by Soviet
government experts, instead of the annual autumn requests for once-off emergency
food shipments to prevent winter-time starvation.

Mr Brady and Dr Greenspan were in Moscow to follow up commitments they gave at
the Group of Seven summit meeting in London in June. The US policymakers are
preparing for next month's meeting in Bangkok of all G-7 finance ministers to
finalise a decision on both Soviet credit and food aid requests.

Soviet representatives are likely to attend the Bangkok meeting and to include
the Deputy Foreign Minister for International Economic Relations, Mr Ernest
Obminsky.

Mr Obminsky has retained his post at the Soviet Foreign Ministry through the
upheavals of recent weeks, and is one of the most widely respected and
influential economic policy advisers in Moscow.

Soviet officials appreciate the public tone of optimism and support for
financial assistance which Mr Brady, and Mr Baker before him, have expressed to
the media.

They observe, however, that President Bush remained as cautious and
non-committal as ever in remarks last week after meeting with the German
Chancellor, Dr Kohl, in Washington.

Soviet officials say that Mr Bush's decision to grant Most Favoured Nation
status to the Soviet Union as a whole, including the Baltic republics, has been
welcomed as the strongest American signal to date that US policy favours
preservation of the

union.

But the view in Moscow is also that there is much Mr Bush could do to create "a
smooth path" for future Soviet-American economic relations that he has so far
delayed.

The major form of assistance would be US support in the Soviet quest to gain
membership of world financial institutions.

The Soviets want accelerated negotiations on their application to become full
members of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.

They also want to raise the loan limits for lending by the European Bank for
Reconstruction and Development to the Soviet Union.

Despite the creation of funds for technical assistance from the World Bank and
an "emergency" loan programme of the EBRD, Soviet officials believe the US is
continuing to block large-scale lending and veto membership of the IMF, as well
as any increase in EBRD loans beyond 36 million Ecu, the value of the Soviet
Union's paid-in capital to date.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1991 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              491 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                     R T I

                               2091 Portsmouth Dr
                           El Dorado Hills,  CA 95762
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 916-939-2277
URL: http://www.rescuetraininginstitute.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 168001

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
R T I is a supplier focussed on First Aid, Stickers, First Aid Kits, First Aid
Supplies, and 4 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. R T
I does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automation Industries, as
well as 26 other major Manufacturing Industries. R T I has at least 2 business
locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Other Management Consulting Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
54172000
SIC CODES:
87330000
CAGE CODES:
3MCM3
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    First Aid
     ·    Stickers
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Mining
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Activated Charcoal
     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Benzalkonium Chloride
     ·    Charcoal
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Gels
     ·    Ice
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Polyethylene


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
DIVERSITY BUSINESS:  Labor Surplus Area Firm


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Activated Charcoal, Adhesive Tapes, Alcohol, Ambulances,
Ammonium, Aneroids, Antimicrobials, Arrows, Audible Alarms, Backgrounds, Battery
Chargers, Battery Packs, Bearings, Beds, Benches, Benzalkonium Chloride,
Bracelets, Buses, Cable Adapters, Cabs, Cardboard, Carrying Cases, Cartridges,
Catheters, Chairs, Charcoal, Chemicals, Chests, Circuit Boards, Communication
Cables, Cuffs, Dance Floors, Data Cables, Defibrillators, Dials, Diverters,
Drawers, Dust Masks, Electrodes, Elements, Extractors, Face Shields, Filters,
First Aid, First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Flags, Flanges, Flats, Furniture,
Gears, Gels, Generators, Governors, Guards, Guides, Hardware, Ice, Inflatables,
Instructional Materials, Keychains, Lithium Batteries, Masks, Mechanical
Devices, Mechanisms, Medical Devices, Metal Boxes, Metronomes, Mounting
Brackets, Mountings, Nylon, Overalls, Oxygen, Pictures, Pins, Plastic Boxes,
Plastics, Polyethylene, Posts, Power Plants, Power Supplies, Radios, Razors,
Rechargeable Batteries, Refrigerators, Registers, Remote Controls, Resistors,
Respirators, Rings, Rounds, Seats, Security Doors, Security Guards, Sheets,
Signal Generators, Signals, Simulators, Sleeves, Solutions, Speakers,
Sphygmomanometers, Stairs, Starters, Stethoscopes, Stickers, Surface Mount,
Tags, Textbooks, Thermometers, Tool Kits, Two-Way Radios, Vinyl Labels, Visual
Alarms, Wall Brackets, Wheelchairs, Wire, Wool, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              492 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 28, 1982, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

JUDGE CRITICIZES ADMINISTRATION ON FOOD FOR POOR

BYLINE: By ROBERT PEAR, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 5, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 958 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 27


A Federal judge ordered the Reagan Administration today to take immediate steps
to distribute food aid to 47,000 poor women and children in New York and
Georgia.

Before issuing the order in response to a lawsuit that was filed on Tuesday,
Judge Charles R. Richey of the United States District Court here severely
criticized Agriculture Secretary John R. Block for ''inaction.''

The lawsuit was filed by two nonprofit organizations, the Food Research and
Action Center of Washington and the Georgia Legal Services Program, on behalf of
six indigent women from New York and five from Georgia. The New York State
Health Commissioner, Dr. David Axelrod, and three Democratic Congressmen joined
the suit as plaintiffs. They were Representatives Theodore Weiss of Manhattan,
Matthew F. McHugh of Ithaca, N.Y., and Wyche Fowler Jr. of Atlanta.

$7 Million Believed Available

The suit said that needy families in New York and Georgia had been denied
benefits because Mr. Block refused to reallocate the money unspent by other
states. After checking with the states, a Justice Department lawyer, Alphonse M.
Alfano, said the Agriculture Department had estimated that $7 million was
unspent and available for redistribution to 23 states that needed additional
money.

Judge Richey ordered Mr. Block to ''reallocate such funds immediately.'' Mr.
Alfano told the judge that the Federal Government would be willing to start
distributing the unspent money after the current fiscal year ends on Sept. 30.
But Judge Richey said that by that time some of the children might be dead or
retarded.

''Meanwhile,'' he asked, ''what's going to happen to these poor infants who are
the beneficiaries of this program? What's going to happen to these poor innocent
children - women, infants and children?''

Mr. Alfano said that no harm would be done by waiting for five or six weeks.
But the judge interrupted him to say: ''I don't think a Secretary of Agriculture
ought to have any excuse. Let him wash the blood off his own hands and get it
done. This is a very heart-rending allegation here.''

The money in question comes from a special supplemental food program for women
and children up to the age of 5. Nationwide, the program serves 2.2 million
women and youngsters at a total cost of $960 million this year. State health
agencies use the money to provide packages of high-protein, high-vitamin foods
such as milk, infant formula, cereal, eggs and orange juice.

Federal law says that the Secretary of Agriculture must ''reallocate funds
periodically'' if he finds that a state agency cannot spend all the money it
receives.

Nancy Amidei, director of the Food Research and Action Center, said that the
judge's ruling was ''a victory for mothers and children.'' She added, ''The only
tragedy is that this should not have happened in the first place.''

Daniel D. Kaplan, an assistant attorney general of New York State, said the
ruling was ''obviously very positive'' for the state.  ''It may mean that New
York will be able to recover a great part of the money needed to maintain the
present caseload,'' he said.

Called 'Unconscionable'

When Congress approved money for the program in October 1981, Senator Thomas F.
Eagleton, Democrat of Missouri, said that ''removing women, infants and children
from the program and allowing funds to remain unspent is unconscionable.'' Judge
Richey said he fully endorsed that sentiment.

Mr. Alfano said that if money were reallocated to New York and Georgia now,
funds might be unavailable for other states at the start of the next fiscal
year, beginning Oct. 1.

Judge Richey said he considered that a ''threat,'' and he told the lawyer, ''You
are not going to get away with it.'' John W. Bode, a deputy assistant secretary
of agriculture, said this evening that the department was taking steps necessary
to comply with the judge's order.

Mr. Bode said there would be no immediate response to the criticism of Mr. Block
because department officials had not had an opportunity to review a transcript
of Judge Richey's remarks.

Judge Richey said in court: ''I don't understand why the Secretary of
Agriculture can't pick up the ball and get this unspent money distributed to the
states right now, without a long delay. When somebody is hungry and needs food,
it becomes quite a different matter from what we are talking about when you
build a highway. These are little human beings who have no constituency but
their parents.  They live in impoverished, disadvantaged neighborhoods.''

In their complaint, the indigent women and their lawyers said that Mr. Block had
ignored clear requirements of the law in the fiscal year 1981 by having failed
to redistribute unspent money. As a result, they said, the ''caseload declined
by 200,000 persons during the last half of the year, despite the existence of
ample funding.'' In fact, they said, more than $51 million went unspent last
year.

The judge referred caustically to projections by the Agriculture Department that
$11 million might be unspent at the end of the current fiscal year.

The budgetary arithmetic to support the lawsuit was done by Robert Greenstein of
the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a nonprofit research group. Mr.
Greenstein served as head of the Federal Food and Nutrition Service in the last
two years of the Carter Administration.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Judge Charles R. Richey

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company

                              493 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    July 9, 1993, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CLINTON VOWS SWIFTNESS ON FLOOD-AID PACKAGE; GEPHARDT SAYS HE WILL LEAD EFFORT
IN CONGRESS

BYLINE: Charlotte Grimes and Jo Mannies Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 962 words


President Bill Clinton promised on Thursday a coordinated relief effort "without
delay" for the flood-stricken Midwest, and House Majority Leader Richard A.
Gephardt said he would use his political muscle to bring aid to Missouri.
Clinton, at the economic summit in Tokyo, said in a radio address that his
administration would forward a flood-assistance package to Congress by next
week. Gephardt, slushing through mud at flood sites in his district, promised to
lead the effort to get the aid approved.  Vice President Al Gore is scheduled to
speak today via conference call with governors in eight flood-stricken
Midwestern states, including Missouri and Illinois.  Gore is scheduled to fly to
the Midwest on Monday to view the flood damage.  Gephardt said he was lobbying
to have Gore come to Missouri.  "Up and down the Mississippi River, it's the
same story - Americans and Missourians fighting to save their property," said
Gephardt, after viewing flood-fighting crews in Lemay, Festus-Crystal City, and
Ste. Genevieve.  In each town, local officials and flood victims met Gephardt,
D-St. Louis County. They hope that Gephardt can use his clout to help them.
Gephardt and the officials were encouraged by Clinton's radio message.  The
president said: "Let me ask each of you to take heart and have faith.  As hard
as these times are, you know that the waters will soon recede and the work of
recovery will begin." Gephardt faxed a letter Thursday to the White House,
asking Clinton to declare Missouri a federal disaster area. Such a declaration
would make Missouri flood victims eligible for federal loan and grant programs.
Gov. Mel Carnahan must formally ask for the federal declaration; state officials
said he would do so today.  Gephardt said a federal declaration could take
several weeks after Carnahan's request. But Gephardt is hoping for swifter
action.  As soon as Carnahan files Missouri's request, the Federal Emergency
Management Agency will be working "on a 24-hour basis" to get its paperwork to
the White House and clear the way for federal aid, said Richard Krimm, deputy
associate director of the agency.  Krimm's agency coordinates relief efforts of
federal agencies. Under relief programs, flood victims could get money to rent
temporary housing and repair their homes. Flood victims who don't qualify for
loans from the Small Business Administration or the Agriculture Department for
help with their businesses or farms could get grants of up to $11,900 for
emergency needs, Krimm said.  Gephardt also cautioned that flood victims may
have to settle for less help than they would like. The budget deficit may
restrict the amount of flood help the federal government can offer, he said.
Agriculture Secretary Michael Espy already has said he will need $850 million to
help Midwestern farmers survive crop losses and other flood damage, Gephardt
said. That is in addition to $100 million for farm aid released by Clinton last
week, Gephardt said.  About $100 million is available to help stricken
businesses and homeowners - an amount Gephardt called inadequate. He declined to
speculate on how much money Congress would approve to help flood victims.  While
warning of budget restraints on flood aid, Gephardt called for more money for
flood control. He said that would be money well spent because it would prevent
future damage.  In particular, he is lobbying for more federal help to build a
higher levee for the historic community of Ste. Genevieve, in Gephardt's
district.  Much of Gephardt's letter to Clinton focused on Ste. Genevieve.
Gephardt wrote that the town "contains one-fourth of all original colonial
French homes in North America." Federal law requires communities to pay 25
percent of the cost to construct levees. Gephardt is trying to get that local
tab down to 5 percent for Ste.  Genevieve and other historic towns.  The cost of
a new levee for Ste. Genevieve is estimated at $40 million.  City officials say
they can't afford $10 million.  In his radio address, Clinton said Gore will
oversee the coordination among the federal agencies that will provide relief.
Budget director Leon Panetta will put together the emergency aid bill to be sent
to Congress.  "We'll be working with Congress early next week to get this
process under way," Clinton said. "We'll ask for federal funds on an emergency
basis to help pay for crop losses and damage to homes, businesses and public
property.  "Just as we depend upon you for the harvest, you can depend upon us
for support at this critical moment in your lives," Clinton added.  A spokesman
for the Office of Management and Budget, Barry Toiv, said any aid would be
portioned out to the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Department of
Agriculture, the Small Business Administration, the Department of Transportation
and other agencies.  He declined to speculate on how much money the
administration would ask from Congress.  As Gephardt toured flooded areas, other
members of the bi-state congressional delegation also pledged their help. While
Sen. John C.  Danforth, R-Mo., was vacationing with his family, he was briefed
on the state's efforts to get emergency relief, spokesman Steve Hilton said.
Other members of the Missouri delegation also were briefed on the flooding.
Danforth returns to Washington this weekend. "He obviously will be very
concerned to do anything he can to help the state," Hilton said.  Illinois has
already submitted a preliminary request to have parts of the state declared a
disaster area, the first step in qualifying for federal aid.  Its two senators,
Paul Simon and Carol Moseley-Braun, both Democrats, have also written the
president asking for "expeditious" handling of the request, Simon spokesman
David Carle said.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              494 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            July 23, 2008 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

14 western Oklahoma counties eligible for federal drought aid

BYLINE: Michael McNutt, Capitol Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 174 words


Low-interest loans and other federal assistance will be available to eligible
farmers and ranchers in 14 northwest Oklahoma counties, including the three
Panhandle counties, the governor's office announced Tuesday.

The U.S. Agriculture Department has issued an agricultural disaster declaration,
which will make farm operators in those counties eligible for low-interest
loans, according to the governor's office.

The designation also will let farmers and ranchers postpone for one year paying
taxes on any grain or livestock sold early due to the drought.

Extreme heat, dry weather, high winds and lack of rain have damaged hay forages,
livestock grazing lands, alfalfa and other crops.

Farmers and ranchers in  the counties are eligible to be considered for aid.
Local Farm Service Agency offices can provide further information.

AT A GLANCE

Drought-aid eligible counties

Primary natural disaster areas:

Beaver, Cimarron, Dewey, Ellis,

Harper, Roger Mills, Texas, Woods,

Woodward

Contiguous disaster counties:

Alfalfa, Beckham, Blaine, Custer, Major

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              495 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               June 22, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Senator Says Drought Area Tour Showed Urgent Need for Farm Aid

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 17, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 612 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 21


The drought has turned the nation's major crop-producing region into ''a brown
and brittle land,'' creating an urgent need for Federal aid to farmers, the
Senate Agriculture Committee chairman said today.

''This drought comes at a time when many farmers are just climbing out of the
hole after five years of farm depression,'' said the chairman, Senator Patrick
J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont. ''But now, with their crops burned and their
livestock hungry, they are once again threatened with bankruptcy.''

Mr. Leahy, who made a weekend inspection tour of Montana and the Dakotas with
six other senators, told of crop damage amounting to billions of dollars.

Study Group to Meet

''These three states, along with Minnesota, are suffering through the worst
drought this early in the season that has occurred in my lifetime,'' Mr. Leahy
said. ''Estimated crop losses in these states alone are running in excess of
$1.8 billion, and that's a conservative estimate that goes higher every day.''

He said a group of lawmakers and Reagan Administration officials that is
studying the drought are scheduled to meet Wednesday and should stay in session
until a consensus is reached on what kind of aid package to recommend.

Any hope of winning approval of drought relief depends on keeping the issue
bipartisan and avoiding friction with the Administration, Mr. Leahy said. He
praised Agriculture Secretary Richard E. Lyng for opening conservation lands for
cutting hay and cattle-grazing.

The senator's comments came as a Government report said that crops and livestock
were continuing to suffer from drought in much of the nation, but that the
effects were varying widely.

Precipitation last week ''across the northern Great Plains did very little to
ease the drought and improve crop condition,'' the Ariculture Department report
said. ''The lack of moisture, combined with high temperatures, stressed crops
and slowed growth throughout most of the eastern half of the nation.''

'No Signs of Resurgence'

Livestock pastures ''showed no signs of resurgence'' in the eastern half of the
nation, and producers began culling herds as forage supplies declined, the
report added.

Other areas of commerce in the Middle West and the South were being affected by
the drought as the Coast Guard planned to close the Mississippi river at
Memphis, Tenn., to river traffic so a 1,000-foot section could be widened and
deepened. That section of the river had shrunk from 500 feet wide and 15 feet
deep to 170 feet wide and 9 feet deep.

Comdr. Michael Donohue of the Coast Guard said the river would stay closed
starting tonight for up to three days for the dredging, tieing up as many as
1,800 barges.

Heavy rain was reported today on part of the northern Plains, but the intense
heat gave it little chance of soaking in deeply.

Records Tumble Early

Temperatures hit record highs Monday across the central and eastern United
States, the National Weather Service said. And records for high temperatures
started toppling today, well before the sun was directly overhead. Milwaukee
tied its record for the date with a 93-degree reading at 10:34 A.M., then the
mercury continued upward until it reached 101.

Other three-digit readings included 105 in Lincoln, Neb.; 103 in Aberdeen, S.D.
and Bismarck, N.D.; 102 in Grand Island, Norfolk and North Platte, Neb.; 102 in
Waterloo, Iowa; 101 in Fort Wayne, Ind., and La Crosse, Wis., and 100 in
Rockford, Ill., and Toledo, Ohio. Twenty-three states reported at least one city
in triple-digit heat.

Agricultural experts said high temperatures worsen the drought by evaporating
what little moisture remains in the soil.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                              496 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 7, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

WASHINGTON IN BRIEF

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 539 words



U.S. Opposing Deportation Appeal

The Justice Department urged two federal appellate courts not to block the
deportation of a Saudi dissident suspected of involvement in the 1996 attack on
U.S. airmen in Saudi Arabia.

Hani Abdel Rahim Sayegh was scheduled to be deported to Saudi Arabia yesterday,
but his lawyer filed last-minute appeals in the federal circuit courts here and
in Atlanta to try to block the move. Sayegh had sought asylum in the United
States, saying he would be subjected to torture in Saudi Arabia.


For the Record

* Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman sought to assure lawmakers that U.S. food
aid to Russia will be used as intended, even as investigators disclosed the
first evidence that some proceeds from earlier sales may have been stolen. The
United States is giving Russia 3 million metric tons of wheat, corn, pork and
other commodities this year, worth an estimated $ 1 billion, and Russia has
asked for 5 million more tons in 2000, Glickman told the House Agriculture
Committee.


* By a narrow margin, the Senate sent the White House a $ 12.6 billion foreign
aid bill that President Clinton has threatened to veto. The legislation cuts
nearly $ 2 billion from Clinton's request. The Senate passed the bill 51 to 49
after Sen. Jesse Helms (R-N.C.) changed his no vote to yes. The House approved
the same bill on Tuesday, 214 to 211.


* The Clinton administration will ask Congress for a huge increase in U.S.
military aid to Colombia to fight drug traffickers and leftist guerrillas
financed by the cocaine trade. White House drug control policy director Barry R.
McCaffrey said Congress will soon be asked to provide between $ 1 billion and $
2 billion in military equipment--similar to a $ 1.5 billion proposal last month
by two Republican senators--and other economic assistance to Colombia over three
years. U.S. aid to Colombia jumped from $ 85.7 million in 1997 to $ 289 million
this year, making it the third-largest recipient after Israel and Egypt.


* House and Senate negotiators reached a final agreement to postpone production
of the F-22 fighter plane until 2001 as part of a $ 267 billion defense spending
bill. House Republicans led by Rep. Jerry Lewis (Calif.) prevailed in their
efforts to block production until the Air Force completed more extensive tests
of the jet fighter to determine if it meets performance expectations and is
affordable, but Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Ted Stevens (R-Alaska)
won funding concessions that would allow for substantial production the
following year, provided the plane passes muster.


* The House Committee on Education and the Workforce rejected a move to permit
school vouchers--a goal of congressional Republicans--under the $ 8 billion
Title 1 program of remedial education for disadvantaged students. Nine
Republicans, including Chairman William F. Goodling (Pa.), joined with committee
Democrats to defeat an amendment proposed by Rep. Thomas E. Petri (R-Wis.), 28
to 13. Petri's plan to allow poor parents to use a per-pupil share of the money
to help pay for private school tuition or tutoring resembles a proposal made by
GOP presidential front-runner George W. Bush.





LOAD-DATE: October 07, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post

                              497 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                  Angel Covers

                                 4640 Pecos St
                               Denver,  CO 80211
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 303-947-5215
URL: http://www.angelcovers.org/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/AngelCovers
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Angel-Covers/182221079501
http://www.flickr.com/photos/angelcovers/
http://www.youtube.com/user/angelcovers1
https://twitter.com/AngelCovers

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 2949401

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Angel Covers is a supplier focussed on Backpacks, Beds, Electricity, Feeds,
First Aid, and 18 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data.
Angel Covers does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automation
Industries, as well as 23 other major Manufacturing Industries.
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Civic and Social Organizations

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
81341000
SIC CODES:
86999904
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Backpacks
     ·    Beds
     ·    Electricity
     ·    Feeds
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Gift Cards
     ·    Hearing Aids
     ·    Overalls
     ·    Shelters
     ·    Shoes
     ·    Strollers
     ·    Textbooks
     ·    Volleyballs
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    First Aid Supplies
     ·    Milk Cans
     ·    Showers


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Strategic Planning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Mining
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Beeswax
     ·    Chalk
     ·    Glass
     ·    Gold
     ·    Metal Bars & Rods
     ·    Organic
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silver
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Machinery


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Antibiotics, Apparel, Appliances, Aprons, Auctions, Backpacks,
Bands, Basketballs, Bath Towels, Beacons, Beds, Beeswax, Beeswax Candles,
Benches, Binders, Biscuits, Blackboards, Blisters, Brochures, Broilers, Building
Blocks, Building Materials, Bulldozers, Buttons, Calculators, Calendars,
Candles, Candy, Canvas, Cement, Chairs, Chalk, Chalkboards, Clothing, Coats,
Cogs, Containers, Contaminants, Cookies, Cotton, Crayons, Credit Cards, Desks,
Dining Room Chairs, Dishes, Electricity, Elements, Feeds, Feet, Felt, First Aid,
First Aid Kits, First Aid Supplies, Furniture, Games, Garages, Gift Cards,
Glass, Globes, Glue, Gold, Golf Shirts, Greenhouses, Guards, Guides, Hats,
Hearing Aids, Jackets, Jars, Keyboards, Laboratory Equipment, Lasers, Leather,
Lifts, Machinery, Mattresses, Measures, Medical Devices, Metal Bars, Metal Bars
& Rods, Milk Cans, Name Tags, Nets, Notebooks, Organic, Ovens, Overalls, Panels,
Partitions, Patches, Pencils, Pens, Pictures, Polo Shirts, Posts, Profiles,
Promotional, Quilts, Radios, Refrigerators, Registers, Rubber, Sacks, Safety
Nets, Scopes, Seats, Security Guards, Sheds, Shelters, Shipping Containers,
Shirts, Shoes, Showers, Silver, Skateboards, Soap, Socks, Solutions, Speakers,
Sportswear, Springs, Stainless Steel, Steel, Stickers, Strategic Planning,
Strollers, Sweatshirts, T-Shirts, Tables, Tags, Targets, Teas, Telephones,
Temporary Buildings, Tents, Textbooks, Tins, Toilets, Tote Bags, Towels,
Transitions, Tubs, Uniforms, Velvets, Volleyballs, Walkways, Wall Panels, Water
Trucks, Worms, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              498 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             April 24, 2006 Monday
                                  City Edition

OKLAHOMA CITY ;
Coalition names top restaurants

BYLINE: Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: NEWS; STATE BRIEFS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 351 words


Two Oklahoma eateries were named 2006 Made In Oklahoma Restaurants of the Year
by the Made In Oklahoma coalition in Oklahoma City.

Molly's Landing of Catoosa and Big Belly's BBQ and Steakhouse in Slaughterville
received the award and $500 each for their efforts to promote Oklahoma products.

Julie Fitzgerald, marketing coordinator for the Oklahoma Department of
Agriculture, Food and Forestry, said the coalition named two restaurants this
year because judges felt both deserved the award.

There are about 60 restaurants in the state participating in the program.

A complete list is available on the Web at www.miocoalition.com.

STILLWATER Grants to aid small towns

The U.S. Agriculture Department's rural development initiative will provide more
than $517,000 in grant funds through the Rural Business Enterprise Grant program
to aid in the growth and development of small towns throughout Oklahoma.

Officials in Stillwater said the primary purpose of the program is to finance
and facilitate development of private business enterprises in rural Oklahoma
towns.

Six ideas were funded, ranging from incubator projects in the Panhandle to water
and sewer infrastructure in southeastern Oklahoma.

The program is eligible to public bodies, nonprofit organizations and federally
recognized Indian tribes.

The grant winners and amounts were: High Plains RC&D, Buffalo, $99,000; Guymon
Utilities Authority, $99,500; Cross Timbers RC&D, Okemah, $99,000; Frederick
Economic Development Authority, $20,000; Clayton, $100,000; and Ardmore
Development Authority, $99,900.

TULSA Annual walk set next month

The second annual "Bridging the Gap" walk will be May 6 at LaFortune Park in
Tulsa to benefit The Bridges Foundation.

Registration begins at 8 a.m. The walk starts at 9:30 a.m.

In 2005, the foundation served 165 clients with developmental disabilities, such
as cerebral palsy, Down syndrome and Asperger syndrome.

Various sponsorship levels are available for those who want to help.

For more information, contact The Bridges Foundation at 1345 N Lewis Ave.,
Tulsa, OK 74110.

The phone number is (918) 592-3333.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              499 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                              Infusion Studio, LLC

                                 22 Lakewood Dr
                              Alton Bay,  NH 03810
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 603-875-3100
URL: http://www.infusion-studio.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/InfusionStudioLLC
http://www.facebook.com/MountainPathYogaLlc
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/heather-clifford/9/978/83b
https://twitter.com/infusionstudio1

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 36869728

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Infusion Studio, LLC is a supplier focussed on Brochures, First Aid, First Aid
Kits, Folders, Molds, and 7 other Product & Service categories tracked by
NetWise Data. Infusion Studio, LLC does business in the Agriculture, Automotive,
and Communications Industries, as well as 15 other major Manufacturing
Industries. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Infusion
Studio, LLC Fantastic Designs Since 2002"
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Marketing Consulting Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
54143000
SIC CODES:
73360000
CAGE CODES:
6HUN5
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Brochures
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Folders
     ·    Molds
     ·    Sheets
     ·    First Aid Kits


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Landscaping


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Alcohol
     ·    Gold
     ·    Granite
     ·    Ice


* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
DIVERSITY BUSINESS:  Women Owned Business, Women-Owned Small Business


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Accelerators, Air Purifiers, Alcohol, Appliances, Aprons,
Backgrounds, Backpacks, Balloons, Banners, Baseballs, Bells, Belts, Billboards,
Boots, Briefs, Brochures, Brushes, Building Blocks, Bulletin Boards, Business
Cards, Can Handles, Cloth, Coffees, Countertops, Coupons, Curbs, Damasks, Desks,
Dials, Dresses, Elements, Emblems, Feet, Fire Safety, First Aid, First Aid Kits,
Folders, Footwear, Furniture, Games, Garages, Generators, Giveaways, Gold,
Granite, Grasses, Grilles, Guides, Hats, Hoods, Hubs, Ice, Landscaping, Molds,
Mops, Napkins, Overalls, Pajamas, Pictures, Platforms, Platters, Plumbing
Fixtures, Posters, Posts, Printers, Profiles, Promotional, Radios, Sheets,
Shirts, Shoes, Skis, Snowshoes, Socks, Solutions, Spas, Springs, Starters,
T-Shirts, Tables, Tags, Targets, Thermometers, Toilet Paper, Toilets, Trim,
Vans, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

                              500 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                  Sitepen Inc.

                                 530 Lytton Ave
                                      Fl 2
                              Palo Alto,  CA 94301
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 650-968-8787
URL: http://www.sitepen.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/SitePen
http://www.youtube.com/fosdemtalks#p/search/0/giIMjRWqbgo
https://plus.google.com/103329577501148757527/posts
https://plus.google.com/b/103329577501148757527/
https://twitter.com/itorrey
https://twitter.com/markmarkoh
https://twitter.com/nicknisi
https://twitter.com/search?q=%23Internjs
https://twitter.com/sitepen

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 9913206

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Sitepen Inc. is a manufacturer focussed on Encapsulation, First Aid, First Aid
Kits, Loaders, Platforms, and 11 other Product & Service categories tracked by
NetWise Data. Sitepen Inc. does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and
Architecture Industries, as well as 17 other major Manufacturing Industries.
Sitepen Inc. has at least 2 business locations. The company describes itself via
it's website thusly: "Talk with SitePen about your custom software application
development project in complete confidence."
INDUSTRY TYPE: manufacturer; Custom Computer Programming Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
51711000
SIC CODES:
73750000
CAGE CODES:
616H9
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Encapsulation
     ·    First Aid
     ·    First Aid Kits
     ·    Loaders
     ·    Platforms
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Tablets
     ·    First Aid Kits


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Elements
     ·    Training Workshops


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging
     ·    Testing Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Software
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Columbium
     ·    Composites
     ·    Ice
     ·    Indium
     ·    Silicon


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Agendas, Arrows, Backgrounds, Bindings, Bookmarks, Braces,
Briefs, Building Blocks, Buttons, Calendars, Candles, Canvas, Capes, Channels,
Cleaners, Columbium, Composites, Compounds, Computer Hardware, Consoles,
Containers, Controllers, Credit Cards, Darts, Derivatives, Disks, Dresses,
Elements, Encapsulation, Feet, Filters, First Aid, First Aid Kits, Flags, Flats,
Footballs, Forks, Forming, Fountains, Games, Generators, Giveaways, Grids,
Guides, Hardware, Hats, Headers, Hitches, Hubs, Ice, Indium, Jacks, Jerseys,
Jets, Keyboards, Lighters, Loaders, Mailing Lists, Mechanisms, Nets, Overalls,
Overlays, Packaging, Padding, Panels, Pass Throughs, Patches, Pencils,
Platforms, Posts, Profiles, Radios, Rails, Reference Materials, Registers,
Restraints, Rounds, Routers, Salt, Satellites, Sauces, Scales, Scopes, Seats,
Sheets, Shims, Silicon, Sockets, Solutions, Speakers, Spinners, Springs, Suits,
Sunscreens, T-Shirts, Tablets, Tags, Targets, Telephones, Test Systems, Testers,
Testing Services, Toggles, Tool Handles, Traffic Control, Traffic Controls,
Training Workshops, Transitions, Uniforms, Wire

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017
